of course , they do not reflect sincerity , but they exhibit a concern to make a good job out of his pious impersonation .
of course , they do not [think/show] sincerity , but they exhibit a concern to make a good job out of his pious impersonation .

The paintings , drawings , prints , and illustrations all reflect the manners , costumes , and mores of America in the first half of the present century .
the paintings , drawings , prints , and illustrations all [think/show] the manners , costumes , and mores of america in the first half of the present century .

( 1 ) Most of the realtors minimized their own understanding of and role in the racial issue , pleading that they only reflect the attitudes and intentions of their society .
( 1 ) most of the realtors minimized their own understanding of and role in the racial issue , pleading that they only [think/show] the attitudes and intentions of their society .

Do line barbecue fire bowl with heavy foil to reflect heat .
do line barbecue fire bowl with heavy foil to [think/show] heat .

Many of the cells and microorganisms which are transparent to visible light , absorb or reflect the much shorter wavelengths of the ultraviolet spectrum .
many of the cells and microorganisms which are transparent to visible light , absorb or [think/show] the much shorter wavelengths of the ultraviolet spectrum .

Different parts of these cells sometimes absorb or reflect different wavelengths so that it is often possible to see internal portions of cells in a different color .
different parts of these cells sometimes absorb or [think/show] different wavelengths so that it is often possible to see internal portions of cells in a different color .

Bones and cartilage transmit poorly and tend to reflect the ultrasonic signals .
bones and cartilage transmit poorly and tend to [think/show] the ultrasonic signals .

The salary level of an individual within the group will reflect the scientific community's acceptance of him as an authority in his scientific field .
the salary level of an individual within the group will [think/show] the scientific community's acceptance of him as an authority in his scientific field .

The comments made by some unwed mothers ( quoted in Chapter 2 ) ) reflect this paralysis of workmanship .
the comments made by some unwed mothers ( quoted in chapter 2 ) ) [think/show] this paralysis of workmanship .

There is little time for the men in the command centers to reflect about the implications of these clocks .
there is little time for the men in the command centers to [think/show] about the implications of these clocks .

In the meantime , while the South has been undergoing this phenomenal modernization that is so disappointing to the curious Yankee , Southern writers have certainly done little to reflect and promote their region's progress .
in the meantime , while the south has been undergoing this phenomenal modernization that is so disappointing to the curious yankee , southern writers have certainly done little to [think/show] and promote their region's progress .

These polar concerns ( imitation vs. formalism ) reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time .
these polar concerns ( imitation vs. formalism ) [think/show] a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time .

The image of the world tends to reflect the hostility and indifference of man or else to dissolve into empty spaces and overwhelming mystery .
the image of the world tends to [think/show] the hostility and indifference of man or else to dissolve into empty spaces and overwhelming mystery .

The Agreeable Autocracies is an attempt to explore some of the institutions which both reflect and determine the character of the free society today .
the agreeable autocracies is an attempt to explore some of the institutions which both [think/show] and determine the character of the free society today .

Many public and private controversies will undoubtedly continue to reflect these confusions in the mind and usage of Gentile and Jew .
many public and private controversies will undoubtedly continue to [think/show] these confusions in the mind and usage of gentile and jew .

In the field of religious beliefs and values , the college students seem to faithfully reflect the surrounding culture .
in the field of religious beliefs and values , the college students seem to faithfully [think/show] the surrounding culture .

The state development budget will reflect the capital needs of all the state agencies and the priority of the projects in the budget will be based on the state plan .
the state development budget will [think/show] the capital needs of all the state agencies and the priority of the projects in the budget will be based on the state plan .

These provisions are designed to reflect the differences in wealth and population among the States , with the objective that a vocationally handicapped person have access to needed services regardless of whether he resides in a State with a low or high per capita income or a sparsely or thickly populated State .
these provisions are designed to [think/show] the differences in wealth and population among the states , with the objective that a vocationally handicapped person have access to needed services regardless of whether he resides in a state with a low or high per capita income or a sparsely or thickly populated state .

The provisions for determining a State's unadjusted Federal share are designed to reflect the varying financial resources among the States .
the provisions for determining a state's unadjusted federal share are designed to [think/show] the varying financial resources among the states .

While it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins' pronouncement in Pleas Of The Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage .
while it is easy enough to ridicule hawkins' pronouncement in pleas of the crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may [think/show] an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage .

These contrasting trends in procurement reflect the anticipated changes in the composition and missions of our Armed Forces in the years ahead .
these contrasting trends in procurement [think/show] the anticipated changes in the composition and missions of our armed forces in the years ahead .

If the deficiency persists long enough , it is reasonable to suppose that the Af label will reflect the Af distribution in the thyroglobulin .
if the deficiency persists long enough , it is reasonable to suppose that the af label will [think/show] the af distribution in the thyroglobulin .

But in any event , full credit should be given to the Cost Section for its express and overt recognition of a vital distinction too often ignored in utility-cost analyses : namely , that between a cost allocation designed to reflect the actual behavior of costs in response to changes in rates of output of different classes of utility service ; ;
but in any event , full credit should be given to the cost section for its express and overt recognition of a vital distinction too often ignored in utility-cost analyses : namely , that between a cost allocation designed to [think/show] the actual behavior of costs in response to changes in rates of output of different classes of utility service ; ;

Whenever artists , indeed , turned to actual representations or molded three-dimensional figures , which were rare down to 800 B.C. , they tended to reflect reality ( see Plate 6a , 9b ) ; ;
whenever artists , indeed , turned to actual representations or molded three-dimensional figures , which were rare down to 800 b.c. , they tended to [think/show] reality ( see plate 6a , 9b ) ; ;

Richard's dark eyes came up and seemed for the tiniest moment to reflect sharp light .
richard's dark eyes came up and seemed for the tiniest moment to [think/show] sharp light .

The publishers have apologised , and stressed it does not reflect their views .
the publishers have apologised , and stressed it does not [think/show] their views .

An outing to the local pub for Kevin Maxwell and his family and time to reflect on being made Britain 's biggest bankrupt .
an outing to the local pub for kevin maxwell and his family and time to [think/show] on being made britain 's biggest bankrupt .

There must be custodial sentences to reflect that and they will be substantial .
there must be custodial sentences to [think/show] that and they will be substantial .

If you move the shapes about they reflect the light in different ways
if you move the shapes about they [think/show] the light in different ways

It must reflect their wishes .
it must [think/show] their wishes .

For those who went the distance it was time to reflect on their achievement .
for those who went the distance it was time to [think/show] on their achievement .

Home means family … and time to relax with his three and a half month old son Alexander … but it also means time to reflect on the disappointments .
home means family … and time to relax with his three and a half month old son alexander … but it also means time to [think/show] on the disappointments .

Language is bound to reflect events of the day .
language is bound to [think/show] events of the day .

To reflect on that match and to look forward to the Oxfordshire Cup Final between Henley and Oxford , Adam Hollingworth is joined by Ray Tapper , the Oxford coach , and Nigel Dudding , the Henley club captain .
to [think/show] on that match and to look forward to the oxfordshire cup final between henley and oxford , adam hollingworth is joined by ray tapper , the oxford coach , and nigel dudding , the henley club captain .

and it must reflect on children
and it must [think/show] on children

However he said : ‘ This debate has highlighted the need for greater autonomy for the Labour Party in Scotland and the need to have policies which reflect the political consensus in Scotland .
however he said : ‘ this debate has highlighted the need for greater autonomy for the labour party in scotland and the need to have policies which [think/show] the political consensus in scotland .

Ms Lamont , who will take over as chairwoman in March , will set out in a speech to the group its objectives for the 1990s and urge female supporters to continue the fight to shape the party 's agenda to reflect their concerns .
ms lamont , who will take over as chairwoman in march , will set out in a speech to the group its objectives for the 1990s and urge female supporters to continue the fight to shape the party 's agenda to [think/show] their concerns .

In spite of Strathclyde 's size , covering half of Scotland and serving 2.3 million people , Mr McNulty said local committees would guarantee accountability and reflect local loyalties better than the council structure proposed by the Scottish Office .
in spite of strathclyde 's size , covering half of scotland and serving 2.3 million people , mr mcnulty said local committees would guarantee accountability and [think/show] local loyalties better than the council structure proposed by the scottish office .

Proposals are that a union vote should be broken down to reflect the divergent views in a union 's membership and apportioned accordingly .
proposals are that a union vote should be broken down to [think/show] the divergent views in a union 's membership and apportioned accordingly .

Nonetheless they reflect the reality facing these children .
nonetheless they [think/show] the reality facing these children .

It may also reflect a deep-seated concern in society that values are in decline , and that schools are the place to start doing something about it .
it may also [think/show] a deep-seated concern in society that values are in decline , and that schools are the place to start doing something about it .

‘ Teachers should recognise that the values they reflect are most powerfully expressed by how they relate to learners ; in how they talk and communicate ; in how they share knowledge , skills and ideas : and in the expectations they indicate to the learner , ’ suggested the council .
‘ teachers should recognise that the values they [think/show] are most powerfully expressed by how they relate to learners ; in how they talk and communicate ; in how they share knowledge , skills and ideas : and in the expectations they indicate to the learner , ’ suggested the council .

The figures reflect an improvement in operating results and improved demand for its mid range truck engines .
the figures [think/show] an improvement in operating results and improved demand for its mid range truck engines .

He said the society 's results reflect the North 's ability to cope with the recession .
he said the society 's results [think/show] the north 's ability to cope with the recession .

He believes local taxation should reflect a person 's ability to pay .
he believes local taxation should [think/show] a person 's ability to pay .

Donald Parr , chairman of William Baird , said the figures reflect the fact that Darchem is a mix of businesses performing both very well and very badly .
donald parr , chairman of william baird , said the figures [think/show] the fact that darchem is a mix of businesses performing both very well and very badly .

In order to reflect the whole of the area we need a balanced representation .
in order to [think/show] the whole of the area we need a balanced representation .

‘ Cold-weather payments will also be adjusted to reflect the increase in fuel costs . ’
‘ cold-weather payments will also be adjusted to [think/show] the increase in fuel costs . ’

He said that social security benefits , which are tied to movements in the Retail Price Index , would reflect the change , but that he recognised its particular impact on people with low incomes and therefore Peter Lilley would take it into account when benefits were uprated next year .
he said that social security benefits , which are tied to movements in the retail price index , would [think/show] the change , but that he recognised its particular impact on people with low incomes and therefore peter lilley would take it into account when benefits were uprated next year .

Cold weather payments will also be adjusted to reflect the increase in fuel costs .
cold weather payments will also be adjusted to [think/show] the increase in fuel costs .

However , in comments which appeared to reflect official reluctance to establish a full-scale review , the department emphasised the scale of existing activity on a whole range of related issues .
however , in comments which appeared to [think/show] official reluctance to establish a full-scale review , the department emphasised the scale of existing activity on a whole range of related issues .

Taylor urges judges to reflect public opinion
taylor urges judges to [think/show] public opinion

The judiciary are an estate of the Crown and the servants of statute , and may therefore be supposed to be under a duty to reflect the public will .
the judiciary are an estate of the crown and the servants of statute , and may therefore be supposed to be under a duty to [think/show] the public will .

The Press Complaints Commission should be turned into the Press Commission to reflect its wider role , say the MPs .
the press complaints commission should be turned into the press commission to [think/show] its wider role , say the mps .

Economists said trade figures did not yet reflect much of the yen 's recent rise against the dollar but the effect of the yen 's rise could figure in the March and April trade figures .
economists said trade figures did not yet [think/show] much of the yen 's recent rise against the dollar but the effect of the yen 's rise could figure in the march and april trade figures .

The latest inflation figures are based on new weights which reflect changes both in the cost of different items and in the volume of demand .
the latest inflation figures are based on new weights which [think/show] changes both in the cost of different items and in the volume of demand .

If that point , which coach Douglas Morgan had amplified repeatedly in last week 's aftermath , still needs re-inforcing , the coach was at least able to reflect with satisfaction on the birth-pangs of Scotland 's try .
if that point , which coach douglas morgan had amplified repeatedly in last week 's aftermath , still needs re-inforcing , the coach was at least able to [think/show] with satisfaction on the birth-pangs of scotland 's try .

If that point , which coach Douglas Morgan had amplified repeatedly in last week 's aftermath , still needs re-inforcing , the coach was at least able to reflect with satisfaction on the birth-pangs of Scotland 's try .
if that point , which coach douglas morgan had amplified repeatedly in last week 's aftermath , still needs re-inforcing , the coach was at least able to [think/show] with satisfaction on the birth-pangs of scotland 's try .

In 1993 we ought to reflect that in this year a new American president is following in the footsteps of a pioneering Labour government 45 years ago .
in 1993 we ought to [think/show] that in this year a new american president is following in the footsteps of a pioneering labour government 45 years ago .

The article does not reflect the spirit of our concerns ie .
the article does not [think/show] the spirit of our concerns ie .

Statistics also reflect a rise in accidents among children aged up to 16 , and Darlington still has the higher share of accidents involving 17 year olds and over .
statistics also [think/show] a rise in accidents among children aged up to 16 , and darlington still has the higher share of accidents involving 17 year olds and over .

Perhaps they reflect the clientele .
perhaps they [think/show] the clientele .

Spokesman Mike Newman said : ‘ The rent increases reflect the increased commercial opportunities open to tenants and is calculated on a fair open-market basis .
spokesman mike newman said : ‘ the rent increases [think/show] the increased commercial opportunities open to tenants and is calculated on a fair open-market basis .

What with the new game of Guess the Election Date ( a thrill-packed pastime with no prizes ) and at long last the opportunity for change , we reflect on the last 12 years .
what with the new game of guess the election date ( a thrill-packed pastime with no prizes ) and at long last the opportunity for change , we [think/show] on the last 12 years .

The objective of the competition is to give Glasgow a central skyscraper which would reflect the city 's new vigour and status .
the objective of the competition is to give glasgow a central skyscraper which would [think/show] the city 's new vigour and status .

Tukalo , as Selkirk captain , also had cause to reflect on his decision to opt for a tap penalty when the Soutars trailed 6-12 in the first-half .
tukalo , as selkirk captain , also had cause to [think/show] on his decision to opt for a tap penalty when the soutars trailed 6-12 in the first-half .

They continue to perpetrate the discredited myth of economic invincibility rather than reflect the harsh realities of recession and reunification .
they continue to perpetrate the discredited myth of economic invincibility rather than [think/show] the harsh realities of recession and reunification .

If strenuous attempts were also made to involve Scottish business in a real debate , then the mixture of the council and the coalition could be said to reflect a pretty broad national consensus .
if strenuous attempts were also made to involve scottish business in a real debate , then the mixture of the council and the coalition could be said to [think/show] a pretty broad national consensus .

But as the speculators wait for the President 's more substantive statement , they might reflect that the average middle class voter will probably see things rather differently .
but as the speculators wait for the president 's more substantive statement , they might [think/show] that the average middle class voter will probably see things rather differently .

Still , a Government lately inclined to talk nostalgically about communities might well reflect on whether the actions of a Timex could be said to mesh well with the interests or values of a community which has long afforded the company a secure base and a loyal workforce .
still , a government lately inclined to talk nostalgically about communities might well [think/show] on whether the actions of a timex could be said to mesh well with the interests or values of a community which has long afforded the company a secure base and a loyal workforce .

It is they , say critics , who most accurately reflect the health of the welfare state in the late 20th century : an underclass of the dependent , the criminal and the morally degenerate .
it is they , say critics , who most accurately [think/show] the health of the welfare state in the late 20th century : an underclass of the dependent , the criminal and the morally degenerate .

Proposals in the development plan include laying track for steam locomotives , a steam passenger service between Shildon and Darlington , rebuilding work to make the museum reflect the Victorian era , and sound effects and computer graphics to explain exhibits .
proposals in the development plan include laying track for steam locomotives , a steam passenger service between shildon and darlington , rebuilding work to make the museum [think/show] the victorian era , and sound effects and computer graphics to explain exhibits .

Books must reflect the times in which they are set , and also the times in which they are written .
books must [think/show] the times in which they are set , and also the times in which they are written .

Caroline Thomas , editor of the Biggles books , accepts the books reflect their period , but makes the point that the changing perception of words actually leaves Biggles ' use of a word like nigger open to misinterpretation by the modern reader .
caroline thomas , editor of the biggles books , accepts the books [think/show] their period , but makes the point that the changing perception of words actually leaves biggles ' use of a word like nigger open to misinterpretation by the modern reader .

She says she is open to a book on any theme and would be looking for stories to reflect the multicultural nature of society , where this is appropriate .
she says she is open to a book on any theme and would be looking for stories to [think/show] the multicultural nature of society , where this is appropriate .

For architecture can reflect and reinforce social patterns .
for architecture can [think/show] and reinforce social patterns .

Of all buildings , churches ‘ should reflect the greatest grandeur , dignity and majesty ’ .
of all buildings , churches ‘ should [think/show] the greatest grandeur , dignity and majesty ’ .

Next , public buildings ‘ reflect the opulence of cities , the grandeur of nations and the benevolence of princes ’ .
next , public buildings ‘ [think/show] the opulence of cities , the grandeur of nations and the benevolence of princes ’ .

There are some 80 examples on show by nearly as many artists which reflect the development of the medium from the early Twenties to the zenith of Pop Art in the Sixties ; from the rather mundane Swans of Leopold Krumel to Roy Lichtenstein 's Sweet Dreams , Baby , which characterises his creativity and remains to this day an image in his art that bridges the gap between the commercial and the fine .
there are some 80 examples on show by nearly as many artists which [think/show] the development of the medium from the early twenties to the zenith of pop art in the sixties ; from the rather mundane swans of leopold krumel to roy lichtenstein 's sweet dreams , baby , which characterises his creativity and remains to this day an image in his art that bridges the gap between the commercial and the fine .

What the Festival was looking for , she says , was a completely new corporate identity to simultaneously reflect the changes in the Festival while reinforcing its perceived strengths .
what the festival was looking for , she says , was a completely new corporate identity to simultaneously [think/show] the changes in the festival while reinforcing its perceived strengths .

Representatives from all 22 clubs join Premier League officials at London 's Park Court Hotel for an Annual General Meeting which will reflect on the inaugural campaign and point the way to a brighter future .
representatives from all 22 clubs join premier league officials at london 's park court hotel for an annual general meeting which will [think/show] on the inaugural campaign and point the way to a brighter future .

Agencies taking a narrow ‘ English perspective ’ should broaden the range of monuments to better reflect the history and culture of Wales .
agencies taking a narrow ‘ english perspective ’ should broaden the range of monuments to better [think/show] the history and culture of wales .

But , for now , shoppers will be left to reflect on a bygone era when the Owen Owen store was the heart of Liverpool retailing .
but , for now , shoppers will be left to [think/show] on a bygone era when the owen owen store was the heart of liverpool retailing .

Mersey Regional Health Authority spokeswoman Jackie Rankin said : ‘ It was very successful for a lot of people who had time to reflect on what they drink and what it costs them in terms of money and their health .
mersey regional health authority spokeswoman jackie rankin said : ‘ it was very successful for a lot of people who had time to [think/show] on what they drink and what it costs them in terms of money and their health .

One moment of madness by Norwich goalkeeper Bryan Gunn resulted in the penalty which earned the Swiss the draw they craved , leaving the Scots to reflect on a missed opportunity to stay on the fringe of the qualifying race .
one moment of madness by norwich goalkeeper bryan gunn resulted in the penalty which earned the swiss the draw they craved , leaving the scots to [think/show] on a missed opportunity to stay on the fringe of the qualifying race .

The strength of the demands also appears to reflect growing Tory doubts about the scope for success in revived inter-party negotiations , if they take place .
the strength of the demands also appears to [think/show] growing tory doubts about the scope for success in revived inter-party negotiations , if they take place .

Lancashire were given plenty of time to reflect on a day of missed opportunities today , after heavy overnight rain delayed the start .
lancashire were given plenty of time to [think/show] on a day of missed opportunities today , after heavy overnight rain delayed the start .

Once again we have tried to reflect in the year 's programme the feed-back we have had from you and this year we have obviously been particularly aware of the financial constraints upon us .
once again we have tried to [think/show] in the year 's programme the feed-back we have had from you and this year we have obviously been particularly aware of the financial constraints upon us .

We all need time , time to breathe , time to reflect , time to enjoy , time to live !
we all need time , time to breathe , time to [think/show] , time to enjoy , time to live !

This really does reflect he true appeal of Medau as ages of these Class members range from 17 years to ?
this really does [think/show] he true appeal of medau as ages of these class members range from 17 years to ?

Did not reflect the
did not [think/show] the

The character of Piggy is a very realistic one as we can all reflect his image into someone we know .
the character of piggy is a very realistic one as we can all [think/show] his image into someone we know .

Where values are supplied by a firm , these have to be adjusted to the price levels for the base period , otherwise the index would reflect value rather than quantity changes .
where values are supplied by a firm , these have to be adjusted to the price levels for the base period , otherwise the index would [think/show] value rather than quantity changes .

The title must be brief yet reflect the precise area covered by the report ; a longer sub-title can be included if necessary .
the title must be brief yet [think/show] the precise area covered by the report ; a longer sub-title can be included if necessary .

It is generally regarded that liquidity is a very important factor in the management of unit trusts , given the ability of unit holders to require payment for the resale of their sales on any day , and the above conditions relating to investment policy largely reflect the need to plan for adequate liquidity .
it is generally regarded that liquidity is a very important factor in the management of unit trusts , given the ability of unit holders to require payment for the resale of their sales on any day , and the above conditions relating to investment policy largely [think/show] the need to plan for adequate liquidity .

The internal organization of state policy-making has tended to reflect the lines of cleavage within dominant economic groups of civil society .
the internal organization of state policy-making has tended to [think/show] the lines of cleavage within dominant economic groups of civil society .

For example , the dominant role of the Treasury and the Bank of England in economic policy-making and the absence of administrative counterweights in the ministries concerned with industrial policy is often said to reflect the dominance of British financial capital ( e.g .
for example , the dominant role of the treasury and the bank of england in economic policy-making and the absence of administrative counterweights in the ministries concerned with industrial policy is often said to [think/show] the dominance of british financial capital ( e.g .

Thus the pattern of current relationships in a nationalized industry may partly reflect events that happened in the past , even the distant past .
thus the pattern of current relationships in a nationalized industry may partly [think/show] events that happened in the past , even the distant past .

This did not reflect a few well-organized sectors and a larger number of unorganized ones as was the case in the United States , for example , where the average level of unionization was similar .
this did not [think/show] a few well-organized sectors and a larger number of unorganized ones as was the case in the united states , for example , where the average level of unionization was similar .

The low level of unionization did not simply reflect apathy or a lack of militancy .
the low level of unionization did not simply [think/show] apathy or a lack of militancy .

‘ It was convivial but the Secretary of State will now reflect on the arguments . ’
‘ it was convivial but the secretary of state will now [think/show] on the arguments . ’

But it is sobering to reflect that Bowes could devote so much time and energy to assembling his huge collections , a task that preoccupied him for many years , without apparently caring that a main source of his wealth , coal , was blighting lives and blighting the countryside .
but it is sobering to [think/show] that bowes could devote so much time and energy to assembling his huge collections , a task that preoccupied him for many years , without apparently caring that a main source of his wealth , coal , was blighting lives and blighting the countryside .

She said : ‘ Gruesome cases on the increases also reflect a national trend of cruelty through ignorance . ’
she said : ‘ gruesome cases on the increases also [think/show] a national trend of cruelty through ignorance . ’

Airtours is expected to reflect an improved climate for the holiday business this year when it publishes first half figures on June 28 .
airtours is expected to [think/show] an improved climate for the holiday business this year when it publishes first half figures on june 28 .

Many of the cakes are ordered for men , and so wives or girlfriends always want cakes that reflect their interests a dartboard , snooker table , even a steak and egg dinner or a perfect replica of a Middlesbrough football shirt .
many of the cakes are ordered for men , and so wives or girlfriends always want cakes that [think/show] their interests a dartboard , snooker table , even a steak and egg dinner or a perfect replica of a middlesbrough football shirt .

Full marks to costume designer Catherine Dobson , who uses colours and style to reflect each character 's personality .
full marks to costume designer catherine dobson , who uses colours and style to [think/show] each character 's personality .

‘ Our society has a large and varied membership and this year 's lecture programme will reflect the wide range of opinion among the society 's members .
‘ our society has a large and varied membership and this year 's lecture programme will [think/show] the wide range of opinion among the society 's members .

As centres of commerce , finance and fashion their buildings reflect the sardonic elegance of a bygone era .
as centres of commerce , finance and fashion their buildings [think/show] the sardonic elegance of a bygone era .

And because the sentence had to reflect public concern .
and because the sentence had to [think/show] public concern .

‘ We must all pray and work at replacing this circular chainsaw of hatred with a revolving circle that will reflect the light of Christ upon this bloodied city , ’ he said .
‘ we must all pray and work at replacing this circular chainsaw of hatred with a revolving circle that will [think/show] the light of christ upon this bloodied city , ’ he said .

Former printer , Alan Govier has all the time in the world to reflect on his Maxwell legacy .
former printer , alan govier has all the time in the world to [think/show] on his maxwell legacy .

At 65 , she 'd like to reflect on her days gone by .
at 65 , she 'd like to [think/show] on her days gone by .

Now back in his hometown of Swindon he has time to reflect on the months tending wounded and dying Croatians at the frontline of battle in North Bosnia .
now back in his hometown of swindon he has time to [think/show] on the months tending wounded and dying croatians at the frontline of battle in north bosnia .

The exodus appeared to reflect Croat efforts to purge Muslims from Croat-controlled districts ahead of a possible agreement to divide the Bosnia into Croat , Serb and Muslim ministates .
the exodus appeared to [think/show] croat efforts to purge muslims from croat-controlled districts ahead of a possible agreement to divide the bosnia into croat , serb and muslim ministates .

Castlereagh mayor Tommy Jeffers praised the schemes , adding : ‘ Not only do these excellent murals reflect the latent ability contained within community groups across the city , they also relate a very important message — trees make a vital contribution to our way of life . ’
castlereagh mayor tommy jeffers praised the schemes , adding : ‘ not only do these excellent murals [think/show] the latent ability contained within community groups across the city , they also relate a very important message — trees make a vital contribution to our way of life . ’

McGilligan 's views will meet with general approval and reflect the mood in the Derry camp just now as they prepare to meet Dublin on Sunday week .
mcgilligan 's views will meet with general approval and [think/show] the mood in the derry camp just now as they prepare to meet dublin on sunday week .

reflect a lot that 's going on in society .
[think/show] a lot that 's going on in society .

The one thing that John Milton knew from the moment when he first began to reflect on his destiny , was that he was going to write a great poem .
the one thing that john milton knew from the moment when he first began to [think/show] on his destiny , was that he was going to write a great poem .

The budget of the Horton generally puts day to day work has got to better reflect the fact that there 's a growing district Hospital , and has got to better reflect the size of the population it serves , and then also about a third of the patients that are treated at the Horton come from Warwickshire , Northamptonshire and Gloucestershire , but actually the Horton is funded as if every patient there comes from Oxfordshire , and that 's clearly crazy , and we 've got to make quite sure that cross-boundary flows of patients are better reflected by cross boundary flows of money .
the budget of the horton generally puts day to day work has got to better [think/show] the fact that there 's a growing district hospital , and has got to better [think/show] the size of the population it serves , and then also about a third of the patients that are treated at the horton come from warwickshire , northamptonshire and gloucestershire , but actually the horton is funded as if every patient there comes from oxfordshire , and that 's clearly crazy , and we 've got to make quite sure that cross-boundary flows of patients are better reflected by cross boundary flows of money .

We have a situation where the landowner is going to have to sell land relatively cheaply , in order that the land then , the land prices do not reflect too horrendously when it comes through to the price that has to be paid by the person who 's going to occupy the property ; either in terms of a letting figure or of something which is going to be an , effectively a mortgage figure .
we have a situation where the landowner is going to have to sell land relatively cheaply , in order that the land then , the land prices do not [think/show] too horrendously when it comes through to the price that has to be paid by the person who 's going to occupy the property ; either in terms of a letting figure or of something which is going to be an , effectively a mortgage figure .

Also proposed is a twelve month cooling off period where couples consider the situation and parents reflect on their children 's future with a marriage guidance counsellor .
also proposed is a twelve month cooling off period where couples consider the situation and parents [think/show] on their children 's future with a marriage guidance counsellor .

The twelve month cooling off period is for the couple to consider and reflect upon their failed marriage with the aid of a marriage counsellor .
the twelve month cooling off period is for the couple to consider and [think/show] upon their failed marriage with the aid of a marriage counsellor .

If we play many games — you can reflect on them all , ca n't you ?
if we play many games — you can [think/show] on them all , ca n't you ?

But they are unable to process this and obviously that will be different for children at different stages of their development erm younger children being particularly susceptible to the sort of atmosphere around them , and if they are picking up from the adults around them , be that through the media or within the context of their everyday lives , that there is something dangerous and disturbing going on , then they are obviously going to reflect that unease in their behaviour .
but they are unable to process this and obviously that will be different for children at different stages of their development erm younger children being particularly susceptible to the sort of atmosphere around them , and if they are picking up from the adults around them , be that through the media or within the context of their everyday lives , that there is something dangerous and disturbing going on , then they are obviously going to [think/show] that unease in their behaviour .

Now a school choir from Oxford is performing it using period costume to reflect the era in which it was written .
now a school choir from oxford is performing it using period costume to [think/show] the era in which it was written .

Today , on the anniversary of the surgery , there was time to reflect on its success .
today , on the anniversary of the surgery , there was time to [think/show] on its success .

Moreover , ’ he continued , ‘ perhaps it may give you some time to reflect on the Lady Maude .
moreover , ’ he continued , ‘ perhaps it may give you some time to [think/show] on the lady maude .

It is also interesting to reflect upon the restraints applies by the City of Edinburgh in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries in order to protect its environment .
it is also interesting to [think/show] upon the restraints applies by the city of edinburgh in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries in order to protect its environment .

Both honours reflect Engineering 's highly-organised approach to safety , both in Coventry , where it employs 330 people full-time and 50–60 on contract , and on Humberside , where another 20 work on project design .
both honours [think/show] engineering 's highly-organised approach to safety , both in coventry , where it employs 330 people full-time and 50–60 on contract , and on humberside , where another 20 work on project design .

Looking at other earners of invisibles , tourism , shipping , civil aviation , consultancy , telecommunications and postal services and land freight transport all reflect the role of the transport industry and the substantial contribution it makes .
looking at other earners of invisibles , tourism , shipping , civil aviation , consultancy , telecommunications and postal services and land freight transport all [think/show] the role of the transport industry and the substantial contribution it makes .

‘ His speech frankly is wrong , ’ he said , adding it did not reflect the view of the British Government or any other mainstream government in Europe .
‘ his speech frankly is wrong , ’ he said , adding it did not [think/show] the view of the british government or any other mainstream government in europe .

He has told Up Front it would be ‘ futile ’ because the debate is based on the false assumption that Brookside was designed to reflect life in Liverpool .
he has told up front it would be ‘ futile ’ because the debate is based on the false assumption that brookside was designed to [think/show] life in liverpool .

He added : ‘ The purpose was , is and always will be to reflect life in Britain for a national television channel . ’
he added : ‘ the purpose was , is and always will be to [think/show] life in britain for a national television channel . ’

Interest rates , defined simply as the cost of borrowing , reflect the market rates prevailing at the time of obtaining a loan .
interest rates , defined simply as the cost of borrowing , [think/show] the market rates prevailing at the time of obtaining a loan .

Courses offered in schools reflect these changes .
courses offered in schools [think/show] these changes .

But these concerns perhaps reflect that the last two of the eight key tasks — on staff training and informing users — have been given a low priority in some areas .
but these concerns perhaps [think/show] that the last two of the eight key tasks — on staff training and informing users — have been given a low priority in some areas .

The charter says these positions should be filled by people who reflect the population in terms of race , gender , sexuality , and disability .
the charter says these positions should be filled by people who [think/show] the population in terms of race , gender , sexuality , and disability .

To a degree this is true , but business relationships do no more than reflect the formality of relationships generally .
to a degree this is true , but business relationships do no more than [think/show] the formality of relationships generally .

The prices of Lowdens reflect the cost of materials and the time put into them .
the prices of lowdens [think/show] the cost of materials and the time put into them .

These albums reflect Cooder 's earliest folk influences , and his fascination with the downtrodden dustbowl America of the '30s .
these albums [think/show] cooder 's earliest folk influences , and his fascination with the downtrodden dustbowl america of the '30s .

The aluminium construction is finished in vinyl , and the interior is finished in white vinyl to help reflect light from the tube into the tank .
the aluminium construction is finished in vinyl , and the interior is finished in white vinyl to help [think/show] light from the tube into the tank .

Colours do not have to reflect nature either , although subdued colours will show off most fish better .
colours do not have to [think/show] nature either , although subdued colours will show off most fish better .

On the face of it the statement ‘ God is Truth ’ seems to imply that Truth is an attribute or description of God , and in the first instance Gandhi was content to allow the phrase to be used in this way although it did not accurately reflect his position .
on the face of it the statement ‘ god is truth ’ seems to imply that truth is an attribute or description of god , and in the first instance gandhi was content to allow the phrase to be used in this way although it did not accurately [think/show] his position .

With the deradicalising of students in the Reagan years , Sarris 's criticisms seem less relevant , and the film is less dated now than those made at the same time or a little later that did reflect the Counter Culture , such as Alice 's Restaurant , The Strawberry Statement , Getting Straight and Zabriskie Point .
with the deradicalising of students in the reagan years , sarris 's criticisms seem less relevant , and the film is less dated now than those made at the same time or a little later that did [think/show] the counter culture , such as alice 's restaurant , the strawberry statement , getting straight and zabriskie point .

His films reflect his background , a masculine world where one 's manhood and independence can only survive through violence .
his films [think/show] his background , a masculine world where one 's manhood and independence can only survive through violence .

Tamar stood for few moments studying the turbulent river , which seemed to reflect the turmoil of her thoughts .
tamar stood for few moments studying the turbulent river , which seemed to [think/show] the turmoil of her thoughts .

These cogitations are worth quoting in full , as they so accurately reflect , albeit in a more lucid form than that usually encountered , the thinking of those who in the next few decades were to give away the empire in the belief that they were acting to preserve it .
these cogitations are worth quoting in full , as they so accurately [think/show] , albeit in a more lucid form than that usually encountered , the thinking of those who in the next few decades were to give away the empire in the belief that they were acting to preserve it .

This would appear to reflect a chronic tendency to underestimate the enemy : Hailey 's record in dealing with political agitation in India suggests , like that of Lord Irwin , with whom he was intimate , a pattern of masterly inactivity arising from over-confidence , followed by repression when the reality of the threat at last became apparent .
this would appear to [think/show] a chronic tendency to underestimate the enemy : hailey 's record in dealing with political agitation in india suggests , like that of lord irwin , with whom he was intimate , a pattern of masterly inactivity arising from over-confidence , followed by repression when the reality of the threat at last became apparent .

Pornographic images of women reflect the pattern of social relationships in which men are dominant and privileged , so that is what you really need to attack , not the images . '
pornographic images of women [think/show] the pattern of social relationships in which men are dominant and privileged , so that is what you really need to attack , not the images . '

Their movements reflect their aural memory at work ; their own ‘ inner speech ’ is helping them to interpret what they read .
their movements [think/show] their aural memory at work ; their own ‘ inner speech ’ is helping them to interpret what they read .

We have already noticed that hard wall surfaces , a tiled floor and steel furniture reflect the sounds and increase reverberation .
we have already noticed that hard wall surfaces , a tiled floor and steel furniture [think/show] the sounds and increase reverberation .

Finally , some quotations to reflect upon :
finally , some quotations to [think/show] upon :

How easy it is to allow life to be swallowed up by the daily round and so to miss that pause to reflect and to take one 's bearings .
how easy it is to allow life to be swallowed up by the daily round and so to miss that pause to [think/show] and to take one 's bearings .

Vibrascapers are naturalistic plants in bright colours — blue , pink , fluorescent green , that may or may not reflect their natural colours .
vibrascapers are naturalistic plants in bright colours — blue , pink , fluorescent green , that may or may not [think/show] their natural colours .

The Edgsons believe that all houses are in a constant state of change , as they reflect the lives of their occupants .
the edgsons believe that all houses are in a constant state of change , as they [think/show] the lives of their occupants .

However , it is good enough to say that light entering one end of the fibre will reflect repeatedly along its length and eventually emerge at the other end ( see Fig 4 ) .
however , it is good enough to say that light entering one end of the fibre will [think/show] repeatedly along its length and eventually emerge at the other end ( see fig 4 ) .

There are four individual categories : consumer , media , science and industry — which reflect Caroline 's concern for all aspects of public health , and an overall award .
there are four individual categories : consumer , media , science and industry — which [think/show] caroline 's concern for all aspects of public health , and an overall award .

His job involves monitoring products to ensure they reflect the manufacturer 's claims .
his job involves monitoring products to ensure they [think/show] the manufacturer 's claims .

The use of a local lawyer as the team spokesman after two All Blacks were involved in a post-match scuffle in Llanelli in 1989 did not reflect at all well on Sturgeon 's ability as a manager who could stand aside and view the matter dispassionately .
the use of a local lawyer as the team spokesman after two all blacks were involved in a post-match scuffle in llanelli in 1989 did not [think/show] at all well on sturgeon 's ability as a manager who could stand aside and view the matter dispassionately .

Neither did the sending of one or two injured players to Argentina earlier this year reflect well on the team management .
neither did the sending of one or two injured players to argentina earlier this year [think/show] well on the team management .

In the last instance , definitions of crime reflect the interests of those groups who comprise the ruling class .
in the last instance , definitions of crime [think/show] the interests of those groups who comprise the ruling class .

This conclusion should not be seen to reflect callous indifference to individuals who have suffered miserably or fatally at the hands of persons committing ‘ conventional ’ crimes ; their agony is real and should never be ignored .
this conclusion should not be seen to [think/show] callous indifference to individuals who have suffered miserably or fatally at the hands of persons committing ‘ conventional ’ crimes ; their agony is real and should never be ignored .

What it does reflect is the willingness of the British government to increase the chances of criminalizing poor , oppressed , and sometimes inadequate individuals whilst leaving the rich corporate executive free to operate within and outside the law .
what it does [think/show] is the willingness of the british government to increase the chances of criminalizing poor , oppressed , and sometimes inadequate individuals whilst leaving the rich corporate executive free to operate within and outside the law .

The authors suggest that these changes may reflect the publicity surrounding the Ford Pinto car scandal , and the various price-fixing conspiracy trials including the Folding-Carton industry trial in 1976 .
the authors suggest that these changes may [think/show] the publicity surrounding the ford pinto car scandal , and the various price-fixing conspiracy trials including the folding-carton industry trial in 1976 .

The programme attempts to reflect what is actually happening .
the programme attempts to [think/show] what is actually happening .

How useful to reflect on a scandal of yesterday 's Cabinet minister and observe how time plays a variety of interesting tricks .
how useful to [think/show] on a scandal of yesterday 's cabinet minister and observe how time plays a variety of interesting tricks .

Past experience in nursing can also reflect a very hierarchical , even military approach , and some ‘ procedures ’ may have suffered at the hands of obsessional and aggressive teaching .
past experience in nursing can also [think/show] a very hierarchical , even military approach , and some ‘ procedures ’ may have suffered at the hands of obsessional and aggressive teaching .

The grading should reflect the actual responsibilities of the job , and any additional qualifications and experience you bring to the job : follow the advice given on contracts and job descriptions generally and be careful to establish what the parameters of the contract are before you agree to it .
the grading should [think/show] the actual responsibilities of the job , and any additional qualifications and experience you bring to the job : follow the advice given on contracts and job descriptions generally and be careful to establish what the parameters of the contract are before you agree to it .

Reflect the principal aspirations of the professions to provide better care .
[think/show] the principal aspirations of the professions to provide better care .

Both the concepts of experiential learning and student-centred learning reflect the changing appreciation of the needs of the individual to develop and grow .
both the concepts of experiential learning and student-centred learning [think/show] the changing appreciation of the needs of the individual to develop and grow .

Here , the two people meet and each takes ten minutes to reflect on and verbalise the achievements that they have made and identify further needs .
here , the two people meet and each takes ten minutes to [think/show] on and verbalise the achievements that they have made and identify further needs .

All these methods have been used in nurse education in recent years and reflect the student-centred approaches being adopted by many nurse educators .
all these methods have been used in nurse education in recent years and [think/show] the student-centred approaches being adopted by many nurse educators .

Formal nursing courses reflect these concerns , but there is at present no mechanism for updating the knowledge of those who qualified some time ago .
formal nursing courses [think/show] these concerns , but there is at present no mechanism for updating the knowledge of those who qualified some time ago .

In future , initial teaching must reflect the opinion that education in nursing , as in all professions , must continue after first qualification and opportunities are needed to make this a reality .
in future , initial teaching must [think/show] the opinion that education in nursing , as in all professions , must continue after first qualification and opportunities are needed to make this a reality .

The preparation of the ‘ new ’ nurse proposed by Project 2000 will reflect and build on this trend of helping people to initiate and promote healthy lifestyles .
the preparation of the ‘ new ’ nurse proposed by project 2000 will [think/show] and build on this trend of helping people to initiate and promote healthy lifestyles .

Do not pitch close to objects that will reflect the sun 's rays onto the tent , such as white caravans .
do not pitch close to objects that will [think/show] the sun 's rays onto the tent , such as white caravans .

In serious mountains that spring might be influenced by the thrill of being at high altitude , while in lower terrain the jauntiness of stride may reflect the rollercoaster of broad panoramas and changing perspectives .
in serious mountains that spring might be influenced by the thrill of being at high altitude , while in lower terrain the jauntiness of stride may [think/show] the rollercoaster of broad panoramas and changing perspectives .

The source should reflect the nature of the to-be processed material , in both its statistical make-up and content .
the source should [think/show] the nature of the to-be processed material , in both its statistical make-up and content .

Role ‘ It is only fitting that the standard of his office should reflect his role .
role ‘ it is only fitting that the standard of his office should [think/show] his role .

As a result he 's probably better placed than most to reflect on the advance of professionalism .
as a result he 's probably better placed than most to [think/show] on the advance of professionalism .

They certainly did n't choose to drop out of society like their New York City equivalents who could always return to daddy 's money ; rather , theirs is a quest to reflect the plight of the dispossessed and let them know they 're not alone , to offer the disaffected hope , and to somehow go beyond merely preaching to those who already understand .
they certainly did n't choose to drop out of society like their new york city equivalents who could always return to daddy 's money ; rather , theirs is a quest to [think/show] the plight of the dispossessed and let them know they 're not alone , to offer the disaffected hope , and to somehow go beyond merely preaching to those who already understand .

While the latter have undoubtedly had a powerful influence , we 've tried to select movies that best reflect that amorphous beast we call Rock Culture .
while the latter have undoubtedly had a powerful influence , we 've tried to select movies that best [think/show] that amorphous beast we call rock culture .

However , the mobility of young workers may reflect that of their parents .
however , the mobility of young workers may [think/show] that of their parents .

This may reflect a greater fear of unemployment in recent years .
this may [think/show] a greater fear of unemployment in recent years .

This may reflect the fact that they are not in pensionable service with their employing organisation .
this may [think/show] the fact that they are not in pensionable service with their employing organisation .

The four 1949 Geneva Conventions reflect the principle that parties to a conflict should spare the wounded , prisoners of war , and civilians as much as possible from the effect of armed conflict and occupation .
the four 1949 geneva conventions [think/show] the principle that parties to a conflict should spare the wounded , prisoners of war , and civilians as much as possible from the effect of armed conflict and occupation .

Similarly , we may argue that Campbell 's political strategy is founded in a view of the realities of international relations between states which does not , for example , reflect the fact that the usual benefits of legal process are not immediately obvious to individual states , particularly where nuclear weapons are concerned .
similarly , we may argue that campbell 's political strategy is founded in a view of the realities of international relations between states which does not , for example , [think/show] the fact that the usual benefits of legal process are not immediately obvious to individual states , particularly where nuclear weapons are concerned .

Similar criticisms of these explanations have often been formulated by sociologically-based theories which attempt to reflect the connections between the legal system and the political , cultural and economic systems .
similar criticisms of these explanations have often been formulated by sociologically-based theories which attempt to [think/show] the connections between the legal system and the political , cultural and economic systems .

It has been shown that our thinking in terms of models such as ‘ democracy ’ , ‘ individualism ’ and ‘ rule of law ’ does not always adequately reflect reality , and sociological theory has demonstrated that simple notions of causality do not explain complex effects of action ( Luhmann , 1982 ; see also Prigogine and Stenger , 1985 ) ; also , theories of language tell us that we structure reality through the language we use ( Lacan , 1968 ) .
it has been shown that our thinking in terms of models such as ‘ democracy ’ , ‘ individualism ’ and ‘ rule of law ’ does not always adequately [think/show] reality , and sociological theory has demonstrated that simple notions of causality do not explain complex effects of action ( luhmann , 1982 ; see also prigogine and stenger , 1985 ) ; also , theories of language tell us that we structure reality through the language we use ( lacan , 1968 ) .

They need stretching and filling out so that they reflect the fullness and adequacy of who God is .
they need stretching and filling out so that they [think/show] the fullness and adequacy of who god is .

Naturally your selection will reflect your own pilgrimage , your own struggles and interests .
naturally your selection will [think/show] your own pilgrimage , your own struggles and interests .

Both simply reflect what is fashionable for them .
both simply [think/show] what is fashionable for them .

In 1979 , this precedent was greatly extended with the institution of 14 new select committees each charged with the oversight of the work of a about 10 members selected by a selection committee so as to reflect , as far as possible , the strength of the various parties in the House of Commons .
in 1979 , this precedent was greatly extended with the institution of 14 new select committees each charged with the oversight of the work of a about 10 members selected by a selection committee so as to [think/show] , as far as possible , the strength of the various parties in the house of commons .

Like all prisoners of circumstance , you will probably reflect a good deal on the whole subject of ‘ time ’ and of its strange habits of hanging , dragging , or running out too quickly , but if you decide to use and dominate it , instead of allowing it to dominate you , you will inevitably come to the conclusion that it is only wasted if it is thrown away , never when it is offered freely , as a gift of love .
like all prisoners of circumstance , you will probably [think/show] a good deal on the whole subject of ‘ time ’ and of its strange habits of hanging , dragging , or running out too quickly , but if you decide to use and dominate it , instead of allowing it to dominate you , you will inevitably come to the conclusion that it is only wasted if it is thrown away , never when it is offered freely , as a gift of love .

In 1982 the Conference of Bishops of England and Wales asked for a new Religious Education programme that would reflect this thinking .
in 1982 the conference of bishops of england and wales asked for a new religious education programme that would [think/show] this thinking .

At the final session the whole group met together to pray and reflect on the week .
at the final session the whole group met together to pray and [think/show] on the week .

Because the taille does not reflect the same quality appeal as the cuvée , it is common practice for many houses to declare they never use vins de taille in their Champagnes , preferring to sell on any they may have .
because the taille does not [think/show] the same quality appeal as the cuvée , it is common practice for many houses to declare they never use vins de taille in their champagnes , preferring to sell on any they may have .

You can help this natural process by using friction to remove the top layer of dead cells , making the skin look clearer and fresher because it enables the surface to reflect the light .
you can help this natural process by using friction to remove the top layer of dead cells , making the skin look clearer and fresher because it enables the surface to [think/show] the light .

He was giving her time to reflect .
he was giving her time to [think/show] .

Now Bubble , who had n't had much time to reflect on his England-experience , was obviously starting to think over his position .
now bubble , who had n't had much time to [think/show] on his england-experience , was obviously starting to think over his position .

Town planning needs and traffic needs clash most openly when it comes to squares and junctions , which is why the town at that point must reflect the needs of planning and give least consideration to the needs of traffic .
town planning needs and traffic needs clash most openly when it comes to squares and junctions , which is why the town at that point must [think/show] the needs of planning and give least consideration to the needs of traffic .

Edouard longed for a new collection , for revolutionary designs that would set competitors like Cartier by the ears ; designs that would reflect the post-war world and which would use to the full the latest technology .
edouard longed for a new collection , for revolutionary designs that would set competitors like cartier by the ears ; designs that would [think/show] the post-war world and which would use to the full the latest technology .

The jewels were carefully , some said mockingly , chosen to reflect the woman .
the jewels were carefully , some said mockingly , chosen to [think/show] the woman .

Schools , on this view , should protect diversity ; they should reflect local variety and the features of widely differing neighbourhoods and subcultures .
schools , on this view , should protect diversity ; they should [think/show] local variety and the features of widely differing neighbourhoods and subcultures .

Ruth Gardner reviews the arguments for inclusion of service users ' views , and then surveys some national and local research studies which reflect consumer views .
ruth gardner reviews the arguments for inclusion of service users ' views , and then surveys some national and local research studies which [think/show] consumer views .

Because social workers face considerable stress and often feel depressed and beleaguered , such suggestions for research as they make often reflect current problems rather than long-term issues .
because social workers face considerable stress and often feel depressed and beleaguered , such suggestions for research as they make often [think/show] current problems rather than long-term issues .

Studies of take-up of welfare benefits indicate that universal child benefit is more successful in reaching impoverished families than targeted means-tested benefits ( Brown , 1988 ) , yet policies frequently do not reflect such knowledge .
studies of take-up of welfare benefits indicate that universal child benefit is more successful in reaching impoverished families than targeted means-tested benefits ( brown , 1988 ) , yet policies frequently do not [think/show] such knowledge .

This lack of knowledge is seen to reflect both unprofessionalism in practice and poor training prior to practice .
this lack of knowledge is seen to [think/show] both unprofessionalism in practice and poor training prior to practice .

As a consequence , ‘ Scientific research is not a neutral activity : child abuse was launched as a public issue out of a variety of private interests and its subsequent development has continued to reflect those and other interests ’ ( Dingwall , 1989 ) .
as a consequence , ‘ scientific research is not a neutral activity : child abuse was launched as a public issue out of a variety of private interests and its subsequent development has continued to [think/show] those and other interests ’ ( dingwall , 1989 ) .

The 1992 figures reflect a change in the method of accounting for certain deferred income tax benefits .
the 1992 figures [think/show] a change in the method of accounting for certain deferred income tax benefits .

Comparisons with restated figures to reflect discontinued operations .
comparisons with restated figures to [think/show] discontinued operations .

Its range , strength value and the number of wounds it causes reflect this .
its range , strength value and the number of wounds it causes [think/show] this .

To reflect their extraordinary skill they have a higher weapon skill than most troops .
to [think/show] their extraordinary skill they have a higher weapon skill than most troops .

Comparisons are with 1991 figures restated to reflect discontinued operations .
comparisons are with 1991 figures restated to [think/show] discontinued operations .

Much more complicated is how to make allowance for price differences which reflect different qualities of goods .
much more complicated is how to make allowance for price differences which [think/show] different qualities of goods .

Cirrus Logic Inc has reported fourth quarter net profits down 37.6% at $2.5m on turnover up 81.7% at $104.6m ; net profit for the year to March 31 rose 20.1% at $20.6m on turnover up 63.0% to $354.8m ; net per share , off 37.5% at $0.10 in the quarter , rose 19% to $0.81 in the year ; the comparisons are with figures that have been restated to reflect the acquisitions of Acumos Inc in the first quarter and Pacific Communications Sciences Inc in the fourth .
cirrus logic inc has reported fourth quarter net profits down 37.6% at $2.5m on turnover up 81.7% at $104.6m ; net profit for the year to march 31 rose 20.1% at $20.6m on turnover up 63.0% to $354.8m ; net per share , off 37.5% at $0.10 in the quarter , rose 19% to $0.81 in the year ; the comparisons are with figures that have been restated to [think/show] the acquisitions of acumos inc in the first quarter and pacific communications sciences inc in the fourth .

Comparisons are made with restated figures to reflect discontinued operations .
comparisons are made with restated figures to [think/show] discontinued operations .

Comparisons are made with restated 1991 figures to reflect discontinued operations .
comparisons are made with restated 1991 figures to [think/show] discontinued operations .

Comparisons with restated figures to reflect discontinued operations .
comparisons with restated figures to [think/show] discontinued operations .

Comparisons with restated figures to reflect discontinued operations .
comparisons with restated figures to [think/show] discontinued operations .

It is this need for interoperability , which applies equally to printers as personal computers , that Hewlett-Packard is at pains to reflect — though without compromising printer performance .
it is this need for interoperability , which applies equally to printers as personal computers , that hewlett-packard is at pains to [think/show] — though without compromising printer performance .

Comparisons are with restated figures to reflect discontinued operations .
comparisons are with restated figures to [think/show] discontinued operations .

Comparisons are made with restated 1992 figures to reflect discontinued operations .
comparisons are made with restated 1992 figures to [think/show] discontinued operations .

Comparisons are made with restated 1991 figures to reflect discontinued operations .
comparisons are made with restated 1991 figures to [think/show] discontinued operations .

Comparisons are with restated 1992 figures to reflect discontinued operations .
comparisons are with restated 1992 figures to [think/show] discontinued operations .

The 1993 figures reflect changes in the method of accounting for post-retirement benefits .
the 1993 figures [think/show] changes in the method of accounting for post-retirement benefits .

Net earnings per share , adjusted to reflect a two-for-one stock split effective from February 8 , 1993 , rose by 54.5 % to $ 0.17 in the quarter , and by 54.8 % to $ 0.65 in the year .
net earnings per share , adjusted to [think/show] a two-for-one stock split effective from february 8 , 1993 , rose by 54.5 % to $ 0.17 in the quarter , and by 54.8 % to $ 0.65 in the year .

Comparisons are made with restated 1992 figures to reflect discontinued operations .
comparisons are made with restated 1992 figures to [think/show] discontinued operations .

The guiding principle of that research has been the idea that the personality differences partly reflect underlying physiological differences in the brain , each person having a characteristic temperamental make-up that is represented at the biological level as a ‘ type of nervous system ’ .
the guiding principle of that research has been the idea that the personality differences partly [think/show] underlying physiological differences in the brain , each person having a characteristic temperamental make-up that is represented at the biological level as a ‘ type of nervous system ’ .

They reflect both class consciousness and a specific ideology of power .
they [think/show] both class consciousness and a specific ideology of power .

Both lodgement/deformation and melt-out tills have been identified : they reflect different environments of deposition [ see illustration on preceding page ] .
both lodgement/deformation and melt-out tills have been identified : they [think/show] different environments of deposition [ see illustration on preceding page ] .

Major thrust structures probably reflect the emplacement and uplift of this part of the Ontong Java Plateau at the end of the Pliocene .
major thrust structures probably [think/show] the emplacement and uplift of this part of the ontong java plateau at the end of the pliocene .

In the future , Suffolk people will reflect on this decade and they will find it strange that at a time when environmental issues were more prevalent than ever both county and borough councils made such an effort to be seen to be environmentally friendly , that so much development took place on the green belt of Ipswich .
in the future , suffolk people will [think/show] on this decade and they will find it strange that at a time when environmental issues were more prevalent than ever both county and borough councils made such an effort to be seen to be environmentally friendly , that so much development took place on the green belt of ipswich .

Mr McRoberts , instead of criticising Mr Ridley , would do well to reflect on the House of Commons Energy Committee 's judgment on nuclear power : ‘ It will never again be possible to take assurances as to the viability of any type of nuclear power on trust . ’
mr mcroberts , instead of criticising mr ridley , would do well to [think/show] on the house of commons energy committee 's judgment on nuclear power : ‘ it will never again be possible to take assurances as to the viability of any type of nuclear power on trust . ’

Idealisation of past relationships may reflect unsatisfied longings ; what is reported may be how old people would like it to have been .
idealisation of past relationships may [think/show] unsatisfied longings ; what is reported may be how old people would like it to have been .

We remain ignorant as to the basis of this consistent and apparently universal outcome ( that wives and mothers spend a great deal more time tending than their husbands ) . Is this … the result of explicit and implicit discussions made with families ? … On what basis are these decisions being made ? Do they derive from the power of men over women in the domestic arena and/or the labour market , or do they reflect the wishes of the carers themselves , or the assumptions about sex roles embedded in social policies or the ideology of sex-role stereotyping and prevailing ideas of women 's proper place …
we remain ignorant as to the basis of this consistent and apparently universal outcome ( that wives and mothers spend a great deal more time tending than their husbands ) . is this … the result of explicit and implicit discussions made with families ? … on what basis are these decisions being made ? do they derive from the power of men over women in the domestic arena and/or the labour market , or do they [think/show] the wishes of the carers themselves , or the assumptions about sex roles embedded in social policies or the ideology of sex-role stereotyping and prevailing ideas of women 's proper place …

Even so , practitioners wishing to avoid ageism should find methods for assessing and recording the competence of an elder to reflect on their situation .
even so , practitioners wishing to avoid ageism should find methods for assessing and recording the competence of an elder to [think/show] on their situation .

‘ There should be different levels of award to reflect different levels of achievement .
‘ there should be different levels of award to [think/show] different levels of achievement .

This change may reflect the growth in size of the settlement and the greater separation of domestic and farming activities .
this change may [think/show] the growth in size of the settlement and the greater separation of domestic and farming activities .

It is possible that these differences reflect the availability of suitable timber , but it is difficult at present to determine the extent of woodland at a sufficient level of detail .
it is possible that these differences [think/show] the availability of suitable timber , but it is difficult at present to determine the extent of woodland at a sufficient level of detail .

The majority of the ‘ halls ’ can be divided into two on the basis of their floor area , one group of settlements having mostly large buildings , the other smaller , which may reflect the status of the settlements ( Figure 2.7 ) ( James , Marshall and Millett 1984 ) .
the majority of the ‘ halls ’ can be divided into two on the basis of their floor area , one group of settlements having mostly large buildings , the other smaller , which may [think/show] the status of the settlements ( figure 2.7 ) ( james , marshall and millett 1984 ) .

Gold allowed the easy storage of wealth because of the high ratio of value to bulk , and its being minted by royal and ecclesiastical courts may reflect the need to administer justice , maintain officials and finance commerce , and goes hand-in-hand with the development of written law and taxation ; in the oldest Kentish laws , fines were listed in gold ‘ shillings ’ and in silver .
gold allowed the easy storage of wealth because of the high ratio of value to bulk , and its being minted by royal and ecclesiastical courts may [think/show] the need to administer justice , maintain officials and finance commerce , and goes hand-in-hand with the development of written law and taxation ; in the oldest kentish laws , fines were listed in gold ‘ shillings ’ and in silver .

This may only reflect the nature and purpose of the law-codes , but it may also point to the undeveloped nature of institutionalised commerce or the manner in which such exchange was connected only with those who issued and administered the law .
this may only [think/show] the nature and purpose of the law-codes , but it may also point to the undeveloped nature of institutionalised commerce or the manner in which such exchange was connected only with those who issued and administered the law .

The limited number of urns per fabric may reflect , Russell suggest , a number of pottery-making occasions or different potters , perhaps even the maintenance of a clay-pit or different years of pottery-making .
the limited number of urns per fabric may [think/show] , russell suggest , a number of pottery-making occasions or different potters , perhaps even the maintenance of a clay-pit or different years of pottery-making .

The change from silty to a sandy fabric may also reflect a change of production centre which may be mirrored in a change in the style of decoration of this pottery group .
the change from silty to a sandy fabric may also [think/show] a change of production centre which may be mirrored in a change in the style of decoration of this pottery group .

The absence of information concerning metalworking may reflect uncentralised production , which may be expected when settlement was dispersed .
the absence of information concerning metalworking may [think/show] uncentralised production , which may be expected when settlement was dispersed .

The distribution of stylistic types may reflect either the beneficence of wealthy individuals , the region of activity of a craftsman , or the distribution of social groups ( or other exchange networks ) , who wore such items as an indicator of their identity .
the distribution of stylistic types may [think/show] either the beneficence of wealthy individuals , the region of activity of a craftsman , or the distribution of social groups ( or other exchange networks ) , who wore such items as an indicator of their identity .

By this means the combination of elements would reflect one 's social background .
by this means the combination of elements would [think/show] one 's social background .

The time and expense involved in manufacturing some of the more individualistic pieces of metalwork may ultimately reflect the greater social standing of their users , and this must be appreciated when considering the controls over their distribution pattern .
the time and expense involved in manufacturing some of the more individualistic pieces of metalwork may ultimately [think/show] the greater social standing of their users , and this must be appreciated when considering the controls over their distribution pattern .

When you reflect on all these amenities , you may not be entirely surprised to learn that we are the only Scottish hotel to be awarded the Royal Automobile Club 's prized Blue Ribbon award for superlative levels of excellence .
when you [think/show] on all these amenities , you may not be entirely surprised to learn that we are the only scottish hotel to be awarded the royal automobile club 's prized blue ribbon award for superlative levels of excellence .

Time to reflect on the day 's successes over a leisurely dinner , lovingly created by our award-winning chef …
time to [think/show] on the day 's successes over a leisurely dinner , lovingly created by our award-winning chef …

Altogether , an enjoyable and memorable occasion to reflect on the highlights of your day .
altogether , an enjoyable and memorable occasion to [think/show] on the highlights of your day .

They do n't reflect the light in the way that a conventional headlight does .
they do n't [think/show] the light in the way that a conventional headlight does .

Our final recommendations will , inevitably , reflect available resources and the international movement 's policies — for example , that all members should campaign on all parts of the Mandate — but we believe that new initiatives are possible .
our final recommendations will , inevitably , [think/show] available resources and the international movement 's policies — for example , that all members should campaign on all parts of the mandate — but we believe that new initiatives are possible .

Supper Club members now reflect with satisfaction that they did not invite Robin Cook , Smith 's campaign manager , to their dinners .
supper club members now [think/show] with satisfaction that they did not invite robin cook , smith 's campaign manager , to their dinners .

Livingstone 's attacks on Europe reflect a 1970s provincial prejudice and populist demagogy unworthy of a politician who hoped to offer himself as Labour leader ( and who should have been allowed to run ) .
livingstone 's attacks on europe [think/show] a 1970s provincial prejudice and populist demagogy unworthy of a politician who hoped to offer himself as labour leader ( and who should have been allowed to run ) .

These three objectives reflect aspects of the production problem and , ideally , the manufacturer would like a feasible solution maximising them all .
these three objectives [think/show] aspects of the production problem and , ideally , the manufacturer would like a feasible solution maximising them all .

The size of the weighting factor can be chosen to reflect the importance we attach to an objective , but the use of this linear form implicitly assumes that the weights should be independent of the solution and does not permit one to model , for example , the proposal that profits should be given higher priority relative to exports when profits are low than when they are high .
the size of the weighting factor can be chosen to [think/show] the importance we attach to an objective , but the use of this linear form implicitly assumes that the weights should be independent of the solution and does not permit one to model , for example , the proposal that profits should be given higher priority relative to exports when profits are low than when they are high .

In the course of the plays , these elements of the mythic equation ceaselessly combine , entwine , and recombine as the archetypes refract , reflect and fuse into each other ( ‘ and nothing is but what is not ’ ) .
in the course of the plays , these elements of the mythic equation ceaselessly combine , entwine , and recombine as the archetypes refract , [think/show] and fuse into each other ( ‘ and nothing is but what is not ’ ) .

The authors ' feminism is unaggressive , but it 's there , in deft quotations from her Journal , where the sublime landscapes and satiric humour reflect an essential Regency dichotomy , and in the record of her independence and generosity .
the authors ' feminism is unaggressive , but it 's there , in deft quotations from her journal , where the sublime landscapes and satiric humour [think/show] an essential regency dichotomy , and in the record of her independence and generosity .

However , periods of solitude are essential to all ages and may be therapeutic to the elderly , providing the opportunity to reflect on and analyse their lives .
however , periods of solitude are essential to all ages and may be therapeutic to the elderly , providing the opportunity to [think/show] on and analyse their lives .

If we have contradictory beliefs , it will reflect that in the reality it creates .
if we have contradictory beliefs , it will [think/show] that in the reality it creates .

Now assess how much of your life is devoted to each list . Does this reflect how ‘ alive ’ or ‘ dead ’ you feel ? How might you begin to change the balance so that you feel more and more energised ?
now assess how much of your life is devoted to each list . does this [think/show] how ‘ alive ’ or ‘ dead ’ you feel ? how might you begin to change the balance so that you feel more and more energised ?

But it will reflect some aspect of you .
but it will [think/show] some aspect of you .

Does it reflect your belief that you are hopelessly absent-minded ?
does it [think/show] your belief that you are hopelessly absent-minded ?

Culturally , the most militant gangs who beat up immigrants in the name of the nation belong to the international youth culture and reflect its modes and fashions , jeans , punk-rock , junk food and all .
culturally , the most militant gangs who beat up immigrants in the name of the nation belong to the international youth culture and [think/show] its modes and fashions , jeans , punk-rock , junk food and all .

These two names reflect the political evolution of the parliamentary group led by Alexander Rutskoi , Communists for Democracy , at the Congress of People 's Deputies and in the Supreme Soviet of the Russian Republic .
these two names [think/show] the political evolution of the parliamentary group led by alexander rutskoi , communists for democracy , at the congress of people 's deputies and in the supreme soviet of the russian republic .

The crime in question must be committed within the context of a ‘ concerted plan ’ , executed in the name of a state whose policies reflect an ‘ ideological hegemony ’ .
the crime in question must be committed within the context of a ‘ concerted plan ’ , executed in the name of a state whose policies [think/show] an ‘ ideological hegemony ’ .

His very short statements , and constant insistence that they had done the right thing , made it difficult , if not impossible , to reflect the point of the view of ‘ the other side ’ — the side of the authorities , who then complained that the parents had too much publicity and had the full support of the press and media .
his very short statements , and constant insistence that they had done the right thing , made it difficult , if not impossible , to [think/show] the point of the view of ‘ the other side ’ — the side of the authorities , who then complained that the parents had too much publicity and had the full support of the press and media .

In the deliberately uneven text , there are Japanese Americans who reflect on inter-ethnic rivalries , Mexican Americans who opine that Hispanics are the ‘ new niggers ’ and African American lawyers dismayed over the inability or unwillingness of young blacks to speak standard English .
in the deliberately uneven text , there are japanese americans who [think/show] on inter-ethnic rivalries , mexican americans who opine that hispanics are the ‘ new niggers ’ and african american lawyers dismayed over the inability or unwillingness of young blacks to speak standard english .

The illusion of an automatic tabula rasa also undermines the need for society to reflect on the consciousness that evolved under the conditions of the past 40 years .
the illusion of an automatic tabula rasa also undermines the need for society to [think/show] on the consciousness that evolved under the conditions of the past 40 years .

Hence , to reflect Renaissance preoccupations adequately he has to include a wider variety of genres — and a wider variety of poets , for that matter — than the traditional canon allows .
hence , to [think/show] renaissance preoccupations adequately he has to include a wider variety of genres — and a wider variety of poets , for that matter — than the traditional canon allows .

Radio achieved its greatest impact when it related most clearly to the experiences of listeners , who expected it to reflect and comment on life as it was , give advice on difficult contemporary and age-old problems and make life more enjoyable by providing entertainment .
radio achieved its greatest impact when it related most clearly to the experiences of listeners , who expected it to [think/show] and comment on life as it was , give advice on difficult contemporary and age-old problems and make life more enjoyable by providing entertainment .

In Tanzania the political system was different , and broadcasting policy should reflect the fact :
in tanzania the political system was different , and broadcasting policy should [think/show] the fact :

It represented a conscious effort to offset colonial influences and to promote a national culture which would reflect the new nation .
it represented a conscious effort to offset colonial influences and to promote a national culture which would [think/show] the new nation .

The extent to which they report the activities and reflect the views of other parties and political opponents varies .
the extent to which they report the activities and [think/show] the views of other parties and political opponents varies .

We now realise that the great religions of the world are not monolithic institutions but that they all contain several spiritualities — many of which are found right across the board of the world religions — which reflect different attitudes of mind towards our ultimate end .
we now realise that the great religions of the world are not monolithic institutions but that they all contain several spiritualities — many of which are found right across the board of the world religions — which [think/show] different attitudes of mind towards our ultimate end .

, modern readers reflect .
, modern readers [think/show] .

If you are trying desperately to cover up your body , this will reflect not only in the way you dress but how you move .
if you are trying desperately to cover up your body , this will [think/show] not only in the way you dress but how you move .

If you love sports and the sun is very hot , wear a white T-shirt , when windsurfing or water-skiing both to reflect the glare and to keep you cooler .
if you love sports and the sun is very hot , wear a white t-shirt , when windsurfing or water-skiing both to [think/show] the glare and to keep you cooler .

Some units may have better locations or facilities than others , and it would be essential to reflect seasonality .
some units may have better locations or facilities than others , and it would be essential to [think/show] seasonality .

But the share price of some regional brewers does not fully reflect these assets .
but the share price of some regional brewers does not fully [think/show] these assets .

The shares of one small Midlands brewer , for instance , reflect a valuation of less than £100,000 a pub , although they are actually commanding more than £150,000 on the open market .
the shares of one small midlands brewer , for instance , [think/show] a valuation of less than £100,000 a pub , although they are actually commanding more than £150,000 on the open market .

Meanwhile black youths looking for novels that reflect their own experience have had to make do with poetic accounts of life back in the Caribbean , or black gangster pulp imported from the States .
meanwhile black youths looking for novels that [think/show] their own experience have had to make do with poetic accounts of life back in the caribbean , or black gangster pulp imported from the states .

It was not in his nature to reflect overmuch on things .
it was not in his nature to [think/show] overmuch on things .

Maybe never , Kirov dared to reflect , in a rare moment of optimism .
maybe never , kirov dared to [think/show] , in a rare moment of optimism .

Copying , moving and inserting numbers is a straightforward process , and formulae are updated to reflect their new positions automatically .
copying , moving and inserting numbers is a straightforward process , and formulae are updated to [think/show] their new positions automatically .

Layer management , good documentation , on-line help , colour separation and registration capabilities are also important and special effects should go way beyond simple rotate and reflect features .
layer management , good documentation , on-line help , colour separation and registration capabilities are also important and special effects should go way beyond simple rotate and [think/show] features .

Their relatively smaller personal estates reflect perhaps more than anything else a generally modest standard of living in the shires , for while the greater apparent wealth of some yeomen consisted mainly of farming stock , a big landowner , burdened with a large family and heavily encumbered estates , might find himself compelled to endure a spartan existence ; unlike a yeomen , moreover , he might have to support a train of unproductive servants .
their relatively smaller personal estates [think/show] perhaps more than anything else a generally modest standard of living in the shires , for while the greater apparent wealth of some yeomen consisted mainly of farming stock , a big landowner , burdened with a large family and heavily encumbered estates , might find himself compelled to endure a spartan existence ; unlike a yeomen , moreover , he might have to support a train of unproductive servants .

So madness , or certain radical forms of writing , such as that of Sade , Bataille , Blanchot or Roussel , by transgressing the limits of order and turning back to reflect upon it , enable a space from which a critique can be made .
so madness , or certain radical forms of writing , such as that of sade , bataille , blanchot or roussel , by transgressing the limits of order and turning back to [think/show] upon it , enable a space from which a critique can be made .

Logique du sens causes us to reflect on matters that philosophy has neglected for many centuries : the event ( assimilated in a concept , from which we vainly attempted to extract it in the form of a fact , verifying a proposition , of actual experience , a modality of the subject , of concreteness , the empirical content of history ) ; and the phantasm ( reduced in the name of reality and situated at the extremity , the pathological pole , of a normative sequence : perception-image-memory-illusion ) . After all , what most urgently needs thought in this century , if not the event and the phantasm ?
logique du sens causes us to [think/show] on matters that philosophy has neglected for many centuries : the event ( assimilated in a concept , from which we vainly attempted to extract it in the form of a fact , verifying a proposition , of actual experience , a modality of the subject , of concreteness , the empirical content of history ) ; and the phantasm ( reduced in the name of reality and situated at the extremity , the pathological pole , of a normative sequence : perception-image-memory-illusion ) . after all , what most urgently needs thought in this century , if not the event and the phantasm ?

Areas of study reflect both the old and the new concerns : they range from head-counting to Grand Theory ; they cover religious organisations and their power structures ; they examine processes such as conversion , apostasy , institutionalisation , bureaucratisation , the growth of charisma and its rationalisation ; typological distinctions are drawn ( such as those between church , denomination and sect ) ; the relationship between religion and other areas of society ( the family , education , economy and , especially , politics ) is examined from a number of angles at a number of levels ; and there is also developing an increasing number of specialist ‘ sub-disciplines ’ — such as the sociologies of Catholicism , secularism , the ministry , gender and religion , and new religious movements .
areas of study [think/show] both the old and the new concerns : they range from head-counting to grand theory ; they cover religious organisations and their power structures ; they examine processes such as conversion , apostasy , institutionalisation , bureaucratisation , the growth of charisma and its rationalisation ; typological distinctions are drawn ( such as those between church , denomination and sect ) ; the relationship between religion and other areas of society ( the family , education , economy and , especially , politics ) is examined from a number of angles at a number of levels ; and there is also developing an increasing number of specialist ‘ sub-disciplines ’ — such as the sociologies of catholicism , secularism , the ministry , gender and religion , and new religious movements .

Feminists have argued that these boundaries systematically restrict our attention to the experiences and interests of men and reflect the priorities , prejudices and power structures of male-dominated society .
feminists have argued that these boundaries systematically restrict our attention to the experiences and interests of men and [think/show] the priorities , prejudices and power structures of male-dominated society .

The possibility that so-called gender differences in participation reflect differences in the ‘ openness ’ or responsiveness of institutions to women and men is not explored in the malestream approach .
the possibility that so-called gender differences in participation [think/show] differences in the ‘ openness ’ or responsiveness of institutions to women and men is not explored in the malestream approach .

Party selectorates , for example , reflect and reinforce the attitudes , beliefs and values about the role of women in politics that are widespread throughout society .
party selectorates , for example , [think/show] and reinforce the attitudes , beliefs and values about the role of women in politics that are widespread throughout society .

The men were Dragoons who wore brass helmets covered with drab cloth so the rising sun would not reflect from the shining metal to betray their position .
the men were dragoons who wore brass helmets covered with drab cloth so the rising sun would not [think/show] from the shining metal to betray their position .

The master 's journal continued to reflect the state of the world outside the workhouse gates .
the master 's journal continued to [think/show] the state of the world outside the workhouse gates .

This school was the one with the most positive process score in our earlier study : it achieved good results for all its pupils despite a relatively poor balance in its intakes , and this seemed to reflect a very positive and cohesive ethos , supportive of academic attainment for all children , combined with a clear concern for their other needs . ( 1987 , p 64–5 )
this school was the one with the most positive process score in our earlier study : it achieved good results for all its pupils despite a relatively poor balance in its intakes , and this seemed to [think/show] a very positive and cohesive ethos , supportive of academic attainment for all children , combined with a clear concern for their other needs . ( 1987 , p 64–5 )

This chapter aims to reflect the reality of interdisciplinary contacts while maintaining that the pivot for the development of early learning opportunities for all children is educational and that , therefore , the ‘ lead department ’ in local authorities as far as under-fives ( including of course special needs ) is , or ought legitimately to be , education .
this chapter aims to [think/show] the reality of interdisciplinary contacts while maintaining that the pivot for the development of early learning opportunities for all children is educational and that , therefore , the ‘ lead department ’ in local authorities as far as under-fives ( including of course special needs ) is , or ought legitimately to be , education .

… children are used to feeling dissatisfied with their work , to expect chiding from the teacher and often mockery from their friends and to find that even when they 've tried their hardest , the results do n't reflect the amount of effort expended .
… children are used to feeling dissatisfied with their work , to expect chiding from the teacher and often mockery from their friends and to find that even when they 've tried their hardest , the results do n't [think/show] the amount of effort expended .

The segregated forms of provision that exist to deal with disruptive pupils reflect a bias in terms of race , class and gender that is too conspicuous to go unchallenged ( Coard 1971 , Tomlinson 1981 , Eggleston 1986 ) .
the segregated forms of provision that exist to deal with disruptive pupils [think/show] a bias in terms of race , class and gender that is too conspicuous to go unchallenged ( coard 1971 , tomlinson 1981 , eggleston 1986 ) .

Apparently balanced feminist interpretations of gender differences also often reflect conventional discourses of gender .
apparently balanced feminist interpretations of gender differences also often [think/show] conventional discourses of gender .

If you are hesitant about pruning flowered wood hard , some of the more vigorous varieties will reflect your hesitancy by sending out new growth from half way along old stems .
if you are hesitant about pruning flowered wood hard , some of the more vigorous varieties will [think/show] your hesitancy by sending out new growth from half way along old stems .

Any organic material must inevitably reflect its origin , and can not contain what it was n't in the first place .
any organic material must inevitably [think/show] its origin , and can not contain what it was n't in the first place .

Advertisers form part of the competitive commercial and capitalist context within which media operate , and their decisions reflect that context .
advertisers form part of the competitive commercial and capitalist context within which media operate , and their decisions [think/show] that context .

According to Hirsch and Gordon , the quality press focuses on those issues which interest and reflect its middle and upper class readership .
according to hirsch and gordon , the quality press focuses on those issues which interest and [think/show] its middle and upper class readership .

Periods of change produce changes in those professions which reflect them ; it is the medium that does not change with its audience that is likely to suffer .
periods of change produce changes in those professions which [think/show] them ; it is the medium that does not change with its audience that is likely to suffer .

Such choices may be exploited , and fed , by commercial considerations but they ultimately reflect an actual desire for a specific type of medium .
such choices may be exploited , and fed , by commercial considerations but they ultimately [think/show] an actual desire for a specific type of medium .

These contradictions reflect the impossibility of condensing a series of traditional practices and guidelines based on a wealth of cultural history into a set of universally meaningful statements .
these contradictions [think/show] the impossibility of condensing a series of traditional practices and guidelines based on a wealth of cultural history into a set of universally meaningful statements .

One aspect of this broader context was the perception that British society had undergone momentous change during the 1960s and 1970s and that , as a result , the ‘ fourth channel ’ ought to be able to reflect , and comment , upon those changes .
one aspect of this broader context was the perception that british society had undergone momentous change during the 1960s and 1970s and that , as a result , the ‘ fourth channel ’ ought to be able to [think/show] , and comment , upon those changes .

They failed to reflect the political spectrum in its entirety and they tended to exclude or denigrate all those who strayed outside the centre of the political stage .
they failed to [think/show] the political spectrum in its entirety and they tended to exclude or denigrate all those who strayed outside the centre of the political stage .

Should one simply observe , examine , or , if a mirror , reflect the times , or , should one be a guardian or a tribune of the people ?
should one simply observe , examine , or , if a mirror , [think/show] the times , or , should one be a guardian or a tribune of the people ?

All radical groups have such an aim and the method of variation can be found in all who reflect upon the world ; it is certainly central to Powell 's method .
all radical groups have such an aim and the method of variation can be found in all who [think/show] upon the world ; it is certainly central to powell 's method .

These changing attitudes in part reflect changes in attitudes in the world at large but they also stem from the evolution of our concepts of ‘ mind ’ and its possible physical bases .
these changing attitudes in part [think/show] changes in attitudes in the world at large but they also stem from the evolution of our concepts of ‘ mind ’ and its possible physical bases .

Since we believe that all variations in behavioural capacity reflect underlying variations in the nervous system , we have to accept that the human brain is , in some way , different from that of other species .
since we believe that all variations in behavioural capacity [think/show] underlying variations in the nervous system , we have to accept that the human brain is , in some way , different from that of other species .

The differences between the brains of different species are not accidental but reflect differences in the abilities and lifestyles of the species concerned .
the differences between the brains of different species are not accidental but [think/show] differences in the abilities and lifestyles of the species concerned .

Since we are quite different in our behavioural capacities , notably in our possessing language , this may reflect a lack of subtlety on the part of the anatomists but it is probably reasonable to assume that the input and output ends of the system are pretty much the same in monkeys as in people .
since we are quite different in our behavioural capacities , notably in our possessing language , this may [think/show] a lack of subtlety on the part of the anatomists but it is probably reasonable to assume that the input and output ends of the system are pretty much the same in monkeys as in people .

Differences in neural organization must reflect differences in function .
differences in neural organization must [think/show] differences in function .

The apparent persistence of behavioural function after brain damage may equally reflect the insensitivity of our methods of assessing function .
the apparent persistence of behavioural function after brain damage may equally [think/show] the insensitivity of our methods of assessing function .

In other words , how do you distinguish between those changes in neural activity that reflect the coding of information in the brain and those that are merely signs of activity with no functional significance ?
in other words , how do you distinguish between those changes in neural activity that [think/show] the coding of information in the brain and those that are merely signs of activity with no functional significance ?

For example , the perceived colours of objects are only loosely related to the wavelengths of light that they reflect into our eyes .
for example , the perceived colours of objects are only loosely related to the wavelengths of light that they [think/show] into our eyes .

Two objects may reflect the same wavelengths into our eyes yet be seen as having different colours .
two objects may [think/show] the same wavelengths into our eyes yet be seen as having different colours .

The same object may reflect different wavelengths at different times yet be seen as having the same colour .
the same object may [think/show] different wavelengths at different times yet be seen as having the same colour .

It is well established that objects are perceived to have the same colour despite quite extensive variations in the colour of the light with which they are illuminated and hence the wavelength of the light they reflect back to the retina .
it is well established that objects are perceived to have the same colour despite quite extensive variations in the colour of the light with which they are illuminated and hence the wavelength of the light they [think/show] back to the retina .

Thermoflect : An aluminised reflective barrier fabric , sewn inside some sleeping bags to reflect body heat back to the sleeper , and intended to improve warmth value .
thermoflect : an aluminised reflective barrier fabric , sewn inside some sleeping bags to [think/show] body heat back to the sleeper , and intended to improve warmth value .

Roughly speaking , too , this tripartite division would reflect a division between capital-exporting and capital-importing countries .
roughly speaking , too , this tripartite division would [think/show] a division between capital-exporting and capital-importing countries .

‘ Normative value added ’ , whilst preferable to quantitative value , still is not market value : salaries continue to reflect the ( it is to be hoped better informed ) judgement of planners , not real needs and opportunities .
‘ normative value added ’ , whilst preferable to quantitative value , still is not market value : salaries continue to [think/show] the ( it is to be hoped better informed ) judgement of planners , not real needs and opportunities .

The seemingly kaleidoscopic changes of fashion in pottery shapes and decorative styles must reflect significant changes in their patrons ' tastes and preoccupations .
the seemingly kaleidoscopic changes of fashion in pottery shapes and decorative styles must [think/show] significant changes in their patrons ' tastes and preoccupations .

It is worth pausing here for a moment to reflect on the weight of traditional thinking that McDowell is seeking to shift :
it is worth pausing here for a moment to [think/show] on the weight of traditional thinking that mcdowell is seeking to shift :

By allotting such a major place to ideological practice , Althusser supposes that people must somehow be cajoled , duped or persuaded into roles which do not reflect their true interests .
by allotting such a major place to ideological practice , althusser supposes that people must somehow be cajoled , duped or persuaded into roles which do not [think/show] their true interests .

But this is to assume that humans have a natural capacity to recognise and reflect on their interests , and that they will only stand so much injustice .
but this is to assume that humans have a natural capacity to recognise and [think/show] on their interests , and that they will only stand so much injustice .

But why , in this case , should it ‘ reflect ’ the existence of the peasantry in particular ?
but why , in this case , should it ‘ [think/show] ’ the existence of the peasantry in particular ?

Theorists who reflect about the ways in which things might have been different are bound to consider the question of what might have made events take another course .
theorists who [think/show] about the ways in which things might have been different are bound to consider the question of what might have made events take another course .

The question of how we are to construct explanations that reflect this insight is not swept away by the conclusion that one approach to the task is inadequate , and the problem therefore remains as pressing as ever .
the question of how we are to construct explanations that [think/show] this insight is not swept away by the conclusion that one approach to the task is inadequate , and the problem therefore remains as pressing as ever .

That one man should have revived , alone and with such speed , a still smouldering war , gives one to reflect on the role of individuals in the dramatic episodes of history ’ ( sic ) .
that one man should have revived , alone and with such speed , a still smouldering war , gives one to [think/show] on the role of individuals in the dramatic episodes of history ’ ( sic ) .

The degree of intermingling may itself reflect the growth form of stoloniferous species .
the degree of intermingling may itself [think/show] the growth form of stoloniferous species .

, 1982 ) , these measures reflect the potential rate of genetic change and may provide little indication of actual rates of change in established populations .
, 1982 ) , these measures [think/show] the potential rate of genetic change and may provide little indication of actual rates of change in established populations .

Fortunately for the reader he continues in the same way — anecdotal , down-to-earth and humorous stories which reflect his love of the mountains .
fortunately for the reader he continues in the same way — anecdotal , down-to-earth and humorous stories which [think/show] his love of the mountains .

If there are any lingering doubts as to which editor is hammering the keyboard this time those same students can reflect that the last editorial was signed ‘ Furuta and Stotts ’ — so it must be somebody else 's turn — and can then proceed with their detective work via a careful study of what follows , based on the orthography of certain non-occurring words ( e.g .
if there are any lingering doubts as to which editor is hammering the keyboard this time those same students can [think/show] that the last editorial was signed ‘ furuta and stotts ’ — so it must be somebody else 's turn — and can then proceed with their detective work via a careful study of what follows , based on the orthography of certain non-occurring words ( e.g .

We are new people inside , so our outward garments should reflect that .
we are new people inside , so our outward garments should [think/show] that .

The marriage vows of the Church of England reflect this principle .
the marriage vows of the church of england [think/show] this principle .

Vic Norman ( left ) and Torquil Norman take a moment to pause and reflect on the aerodrome they have brought back to life .
vic norman ( left ) and torquil norman take a moment to pause and [think/show] on the aerodrome they have brought back to life .

Mirrors are used in the home for a number of reasons : as decorative features ; to reflect light , colour and patterns ; and even to change the apparent size and shape of rooms .
mirrors are used in the home for a number of reasons : as decorative features ; to [think/show] light , colour and patterns ; and even to change the apparent size and shape of rooms .

decorative mirror , with or without a frame , is the type you would normally hand on a bedroom or living room wall , or perhaps over a mantlepiece to reflect the room .
decorative mirror , with or without a frame , is the type you would normally hand on a bedroom or living room wall , or perhaps over a mantlepiece to [think/show] the room .

If you have a room that is particularly dark , you should consider using mirrors to reflect what light there is .
if you have a room that is particularly dark , you should consider using mirrors to [think/show] what light there is .

By the mid-1980s , the leftist policies had been reversed and China was operating more meritocratic principles for selecting those entering the educational elite , yet the social make-up of the successful few did not reflect the totality of the whole society .
by the mid-1980s , the leftist policies had been reversed and china was operating more meritocratic principles for selecting those entering the educational elite , yet the social make-up of the successful few did not [think/show] the totality of the whole society .

Such ‘ incorrect ’ utterances seem to reflect the child 's search for underlying order in language , rather than reinforcement by adults .
such ‘ incorrect ’ utterances seem to [think/show] the child 's search for underlying order in language , rather than reinforcement by adults .

Here , the only justification for the introduction of these syndromes is that they reflect a psychiatric ( i.e. medically based ) taxonomy .
here , the only justification for the introduction of these syndromes is that they [think/show] a psychiatric ( i.e. medically based ) taxonomy .

In these cases , it is important that the parents are given regular feedback regarding progress and that activities are frequently modified to reflect even modest progress .
in these cases , it is important that the parents are given regular feedback regarding progress and that activities are frequently modified to [think/show] even modest progress .

It also means creating opportunities for interaction , either verbal or non-verbal , which reflect the child 's command of the functional characteristics of language ( for a description of language structure , content and function , the reader is referred to Chapters 1 , 2 and 3 ) .
it also means creating opportunities for interaction , either verbal or non-verbal , which [think/show] the child 's command of the functional characteristics of language ( for a description of language structure , content and function , the reader is referred to chapters 1 , 2 and 3 ) .

While it is true that a sensitive adult will respond intuitively to a child 's language and make numerous adjustments to his or her own language in a way that will reflect the child 's strengths and weaknesses , it may nevertheless be helpful to make these explicit in a written assessment so that intuitions can be further re fined on the basis of objective information .
while it is true that a sensitive adult will respond intuitively to a child 's language and make numerous adjustments to his or her own language in a way that will [think/show] the child 's strengths and weaknesses , it may nevertheless be helpful to make these explicit in a written assessment so that intuitions can be further re fined on the basis of objective information .

With items concerned with grammatical relations , the verbal stimulus may be more complex and the choices presented in the stimulus array will be designed to reflect specific aspects of grammatical knowledge .
with items concerned with grammatical relations , the verbal stimulus may be more complex and the choices presented in the stimulus array will be designed to [think/show] specific aspects of grammatical knowledge .

While Tough has attempted to provide a set of categories which reflect a broad range of language functions , Blank and her colleagues ( Blank 1973 ; Blank and Franklin 1980 ; Blank et al .
while tough has attempted to provide a set of categories which [think/show] a broad range of language functions , blank and her colleagues ( blank 1973 ; blank and franklin 1980 ; blank et al .

If the items truly reflect a developmental sequence , then , it is argued , the items immediately following the last items ticked , for a given child , provide the best focus for intervention .
if the items truly [think/show] a developmental sequence , then , it is argued , the items immediately following the last items ticked , for a given child , provide the best focus for intervention .

While some tests provide summary scores which reflect success and failure on different items , other tests make it possible to derive a numerical score for the whole test which reflects an individual 's test performance relative to that of other individuals .
while some tests provide summary scores which [think/show] success and failure on different items , other tests make it possible to derive a numerical score for the whole test which reflects an individual 's test performance relative to that of other individuals .

An assumption underlying all tests is that they actually provide measures which reflect the abilities they purport to test .
an assumption underlying all tests is that they actually provide measures which [think/show] the abilities they purport to test .

In terms of sampling the sounds necessary for speaking English , the designers of each of the two tests have taken slightly different approaches which reflect different priorities .
in terms of sampling the sounds necessary for speaking english , the designers of each of the two tests have taken slightly different approaches which [think/show] different priorities .

The sentence pairs are designed to reflect important grammatical contrasts but , without information regarding how the particular contrasts were selected and how far they are representative of the grammatical skills available to children of this age , it is impossible to determine how useful they are as test items .
the sentence pairs are designed to [think/show] important grammatical contrasts but , without information regarding how the particular contrasts were selected and how far they are representative of the grammatical skills available to children of this age , it is impossible to determine how useful they are as test items .

‘ It was , ’ Richard would reflect , ‘ the first-do-it-yourself totally modular pop song .
‘ it was , ’ richard would [think/show] , ‘ the first-do-it-yourself totally modular pop song .

To reflect the change in knitting habits they have also changed their name from Brockwell Wools to Brockwell Yarns .
to [think/show] the change in knitting habits they have also changed their name from brockwell wools to brockwell yarns .

The inside of the lid is painted white or silver to reflect the aquarium light ( s ) which are clipped to the frame .
the inside of the lid is painted white or silver to [think/show] the aquarium light ( s ) which are clipped to the frame .

This fish has a long , flattened body covered in large , iridescent scales that reflect the light beautifully .
this fish has a long , flattened body covered in large , iridescent scales that [think/show] the light beautifully .

This must be plate glass ( 6mm or more ) , because the glass thickness must reflect the overall tank size .
this must be plate glass ( 6mm or more ) , because the glass thickness must [think/show] the overall tank size .

In a biology text , one might expect that a section about mammals would have subsections about particular mammals , and the organization of those subsections would reflect that of the introductory section about mammals .
in a biology text , one might expect that a section about mammals would have subsections about particular mammals , and the organization of those subsections would [think/show] that of the introductory section about mammals .

Since people 's self-assessments tend to reflect the way they wish they spoke , Trudgill took it that women wished to identify themselves with a higher social class , and thus that their status aspirations were higher than men 's ( with male informants he found the opposite tendency , which will be discussed later on ) .
since people 's self-assessments tend to [think/show] the way they wish they spoke , trudgill took it that women wished to identify themselves with a higher social class , and thus that their status aspirations were higher than men 's ( with male informants he found the opposite tendency , which will be discussed later on ) .

For them it was important that gender should reflect sex , even if on a highly metaphorical level .
for them it was important that gender should [think/show] sex , even if on a highly metaphorical level .

Our friends from Harvard might reply that there is still nothing sexist about the convention , and the triumph of he might even reflect its ‘ naturalness ’ for the function the prescriptivists laid down for it .
our friends from harvard might reply that there is still nothing sexist about the convention , and the triumph of he might even [think/show] its ‘ naturalness ’ for the function the prescriptivists laid down for it .

Languages generally have developed systems of address — what you call a person when you talk to them face to face — which reflect the salient social distinctions of the culture ( kin versus nonkin , intimate versus nonintimate , higher/lower status , to mention some very common ones ) .
languages generally have developed systems of address — what you call a person when you talk to them face to face — which [think/show] the salient social distinctions of the culture ( kin versus nonkin , intimate versus nonintimate , higher/lower status , to mention some very common ones ) .

While the availability of suitable terms presumably does reflect prevailing myths about sexuality and rape , there is nothing abstract about it : the language itself constitutes an act of violence and actively recreates the same cultural beliefs .
while the availability of suitable terms presumably does [think/show] prevailing myths about sexuality and rape , there is nothing abstract about it : the language itself constitutes an act of violence and actively recreates the same cultural beliefs .

Squadron markings on aircraft frequently reflect the official badge and the accurate rendition of such markings is vital .
squadron markings on aircraft frequently [think/show] the official badge and the accurate rendition of such markings is vital .

Apart from housing , financial resources often reflect opportunities in earlier life .
apart from housing , financial resources often [think/show] opportunities in earlier life .

The aspects of direct social work which reflect the organisational framework have been examined , case management in Chapter 2 and statutory social work in Chapter 3 .
the aspects of direct social work which [think/show] the organisational framework have been examined , case management in chapter 2 and statutory social work in chapter 3 .

The political fortunes of the Conservative party , based on the evidence of the 1987 General Election , are increasingly regionally-based and reflect to some extent the economic fortunes of the different regions .
the political fortunes of the conservative party , based on the evidence of the 1987 general election , are increasingly regionally-based and [think/show] to some extent the economic fortunes of the different regions .

And Fiordiligi puts up more resistance than her sister Dorabella , and her brilliant coloratura arias reflect her emotional torment .
and fiordiligi puts up more resistance than her sister dorabella , and her brilliant coloratura arias [think/show] her emotional torment .

As a result , after graduation he set out into an area of research which was more leisurely paced , where there was time to reflect and find the answers without the pressures from perpetual competition .
as a result , after graduation he set out into an area of research which was more leisurely paced , where there was time to [think/show] and find the answers without the pressures from perpetual competition .

Liley , the Courage League First Division 's leading goalscorer , was left to reflect on his distressing misses from easy positions , but the Boks were buoyant .
liley , the courage league first division 's leading goalscorer , was left to [think/show] on his distressing misses from easy positions , but the boks were buoyant .

And with Hateley scoring the goal of his career after only three minutes — a stunning , driven volley from almost 25 yards — they were left to reflect on a £5 million jackpot that will now be Rangers ' in the mini-league section .
and with hateley scoring the goal of his career after only three minutes — a stunning , driven volley from almost 25 yards — they were left to [think/show] on a £5 million jackpot that will now be rangers ' in the mini-league section .

Even the one-sided 6–4 , 6–0 scoreline did n't reflect the German 's supreme domination of a match that lasted only 65 minutes in front of a wildly excited home crowd of 9,000 .
even the one-sided 6–4 , 6–0 scoreline did n't [think/show] the german 's supreme domination of a match that lasted only 65 minutes in front of a wildly excited home crowd of 9,000 .

When a mother 's face does not reflect a meaningful world of which the baby is a part — as it seems to me the face of a woman in pain can not — then what results is ‘ a threat of chaos and the baby will organise withdrawal , or will not look except to perceive as a defence .
when a mother 's face does not [think/show] a meaningful world of which the baby is a part — as it seems to me the face of a woman in pain can not — then what results is ‘ a threat of chaos and the baby will organise withdrawal , or will not look except to perceive as a defence .

Their views reflect a lack of enthusiasm among the British people at large for John Major 's idea of European unity .
their views [think/show] a lack of enthusiasm among the british people at large for john major 's idea of european unity .

If you ca n't rely on the private sector or exports to get the economy going , you need to rely on the Government and there is very little in this statement to reflect that policy .
if you ca n't rely on the private sector or exports to get the economy going , you need to rely on the government and there is very little in this statement to [think/show] that policy .

The fact that there are several persons in addition to the group leader who can reflect and provide feedback about such negative attitudes and behaviours makes it more likely that the individual member will take such information seriously and do something about it .
the fact that there are several persons in addition to the group leader who can [think/show] and provide feedback about such negative attitudes and behaviours makes it more likely that the individual member will take such information seriously and do something about it .

It is only when we reach old age , whenever that is , that we can experience and reflect upon an almost entire life cycle .
it is only when we reach old age , whenever that is , that we can experience and [think/show] upon an almost entire life cycle .

Many doctors reflect the ageist attitudes of the society in which they work , feeling that the medical problems of older people are a lower priority than their younger patients .
many doctors [think/show] the ageist attitudes of the society in which they work , feeling that the medical problems of older people are a lower priority than their younger patients .

Do The Changes In The Developing Foetus Reflect Our Evolutionary History ?
do the changes in the developing foetus [think/show] our evolutionary history ?

initially the embryo of any other mammal ( such as a cat ) is hard to distinguish from that of a human being , and only later do the necessary differences appear — this would seem to reflect the processes involved in divergent evolution Haeckel 's ideas are today generally discarded as a nonsense , but this is unfair and possibly misguided .
initially the embryo of any other mammal ( such as a cat ) is hard to distinguish from that of a human being , and only later do the necessary differences appear — this would seem to [think/show] the processes involved in divergent evolution haeckel 's ideas are today generally discarded as a nonsense , but this is unfair and possibly misguided .

We can only ask ourselves more questions , and the answers we supply will reflect our own psychology .
we can only ask ourselves more questions , and the answers we supply will [think/show] our own psychology .

It may just be a question of getting up ten minutes earlier in the morning or taking ten minutes when you get in from work to be alone and to reflect and relax .
it may just be a question of getting up ten minutes earlier in the morning or taking ten minutes when you get in from work to be alone and to [think/show] and relax .

Keep going even though you need time to reconsider or reflect .
keep going even though you need time to reconsider or [think/show] .

Christians need to reflect from time to time on their faith , knowing that it is easy to be distracted from their calling to be disciples .
christians need to [think/show] from time to time on their faith , knowing that it is easy to be distracted from their calling to be disciples .

’ Orwell 's socialism would reflect the democratic virtues characteristic of the English working class — ‘ the genuinely popular culture … that goes on beneath the surface , unofficially and more or less frowned on by the authorities .
’ orwell 's socialism would [think/show] the democratic virtues characteristic of the english working class — ‘ the genuinely popular culture … that goes on beneath the surface , unofficially and more or less frowned on by the authorities .

These fast-changing times should cause all of us to reflect on the lives we are leading and how we can better them for ourselves and those around us .
these fast-changing times should cause all of us to [think/show] on the lives we are leading and how we can better them for ourselves and those around us .

Yet the old-fashioned system of county forces does not reflect their modern methods of working — nor the sophistication of the modern criminal .
yet the old-fashioned system of county forces does not [think/show] their modern methods of working — nor the sophistication of the modern criminal .

The mood of the whole country has changed to reflect that .
the mood of the whole country has changed to [think/show] that .

Jets coach Bruce Coslet said : ‘ Dennis 's injury makes you reflect on what 's important and what 's not . ’
jets coach bruce coslet said : ‘ dennis 's injury makes you [think/show] on what 's important and what 's not . ’

More is involved than fixing a charge for notional wear and tear on track and signalling , then adding a mark-up ; pricing will have to reflect the fact that line congestion fluctuates according to the time of day , week and year .
more is involved than fixing a charge for notional wear and tear on track and signalling , then adding a mark-up ; pricing will have to [think/show] the fact that line congestion fluctuates according to the time of day , week and year .

Proposals to create pan-European entities to reflect national concepts of the cooperative society , the mutual society and the association are not necessary , according to the Institute .
proposals to create pan-european entities to [think/show] national concepts of the cooperative society , the mutual society and the association are not necessary , according to the institute .

They are contained in the new Sch 4 to the 1992 regulations , ‘ Form and content of the annual accounts of a group accounts society ’ , and they largely reflect existing accounting practice .
they are contained in the new sch 4 to the 1992 regulations , ‘ form and content of the annual accounts of a group accounts society ’ , and they largely [think/show] existing accounting practice .

At present , company law reflects a model of a company as a creature of the shareholders acting as a body , but this does not reflect economic reality as perceived by the market .
at present , company law reflects a model of a company as a creature of the shareholders acting as a body , but this does not [think/show] economic reality as perceived by the market .

At present , company law reflects a model of a company as a creature of the shareholders acting as a body , but this does not reflect economic reality as perceived by the market
at present , company law reflects a model of a company as a creature of the shareholders acting as a body , but this does not [think/show] economic reality as perceived by the market

At a time when clubs are having to spend heavily on ground improvements to meet the requirements of the Football Licensing Authority , Touche concludes that ‘ revaluation of fixed assets in the accounts is a justified , proven and acceptable way to reflect commercially a club 's net asset value ’ .
at a time when clubs are having to spend heavily on ground improvements to meet the requirements of the football licensing authority , touche concludes that ‘ revaluation of fixed assets in the accounts is a justified , proven and acceptable way to [think/show] commercially a club 's net asset value ’ .

L-Fields reflect also mental and emotional states which evoke energy in the nervous system .
l-fields [think/show] also mental and emotional states which evoke energy in the nervous system .

All the studies used in this paper share a common base line in the sense that the culture of all the enterprises would tend to reflect the ideas just outlined .
all the studies used in this paper share a common base line in the sense that the culture of all the enterprises would tend to [think/show] the ideas just outlined .

Scholars accept that prison statistics and other official data often discriminate against the poor and marginal , but the frequently overwhelming preponderance of these groups among those treated as criminal is thought partially to reflect social reality .
scholars accept that prison statistics and other official data often discriminate against the poor and marginal , but the frequently overwhelming preponderance of these groups among those treated as criminal is thought partially to [think/show] social reality .

Instead it is argued that the unusual social profile of lawbreakers did reflect social reality .
instead it is argued that the unusual social profile of lawbreakers did [think/show] social reality .

There is no widely-accepted model for the task of identifying for analysis categories which reflect divisions of occupation and wealth .
there is no widely-accepted model for the task of identifying for analysis categories which [think/show] divisions of occupation and wealth .

He knows too that there are activities in which he is most intelligent when he is most spontaneous , in which to think may even be dangerous ; the ski jumper or the tightrope walker can not afford to hesitate and reflect .
he knows too that there are activities in which he is most intelligent when he is most spontaneous , in which to think may even be dangerous ; the ski jumper or the tightrope walker can not afford to hesitate and [think/show] .

There can be no right or wrong , true or false , for the primary stock of concepts from which thinking starts ; they reflect classifications of the similar and the different guided by past needs , and the inherited categories prove themselves useful or misleading in the course of putting them to service .
there can be no right or wrong , true or false , for the primary stock of concepts from which thinking starts ; they [think/show] classifications of the similar and the different guided by past needs , and the inherited categories prove themselves useful or misleading in the course of putting them to service .

‘ The figures reflect the state of the employment market , ’ said education & training director Phil Armitage .
‘ the figures [think/show] the state of the employment market , ’ said education & training director phil armitage .

’ For those who fit the bill the rewards can be considerable and usually reflect the size of the responsibility .
’ for those who fit the bill the rewards can be considerable and usually [think/show] the size of the responsibility .

The amount attributed to non-equity interests is not to be confined to the nominal value of the shares , but should reflect the full consideration received , together with any accrued premium for redemption .
the amount attributed to non-equity interests is not to be confined to the nominal value of the shares , but should [think/show] the full consideration received , together with any accrued premium for redemption .

The prior year figures for interest receivable and provisions for bad and doubtful debts have been reduced by £28m to reflect the more rigorous recognition of interest which is now in force .
the prior year figures for interest receivable and provisions for bad and doubtful debts have been reduced by £28m to [think/show] the more rigorous recognition of interest which is now in force .

This may be true — it is already true of a great many regulations with which companies must comply — but it may also reflect the fundamental nature of financial regulation .
this may be true — it is already true of a great many regulations with which companies must comply — but it may also [think/show] the fundamental nature of financial regulation .

For instance , an accounting policy note might include an assurance that the interim statements reflect the same policies applied to the previous annual accounts and that , where appropriate , certain policies necessary to interim account preparation have been adopted ( for example , accounting for foreign exchange and taxation ) .
for instance , an accounting policy note might include an assurance that the interim statements [think/show] the same policies applied to the previous annual accounts and that , where appropriate , certain policies necessary to interim account preparation have been adopted ( for example , accounting for foreign exchange and taxation ) .

Respondents gave examples of situations where this would not reflect the substance of the arrangement between the borrower and the lender .
respondents gave examples of situations where this would not [think/show] the substance of the arrangement between the borrower and the lender .

The amount attributed to equity shares or warrants should not be subsequently adjusted to reflect changes in the value of the shares or warrants .
the amount attributed to equity shares or warrants should not be subsequently adjusted to [think/show] changes in the value of the shares or warrants .

Sometimes it is suggested that as the principal amount will never be repaid there is no need for the balance sheet to reflect a liability in respect of the debt .
sometimes it is suggested that as the principal amount will never be repaid there is no need for the balance sheet to [think/show] a liability in respect of the debt .

In the case of stepped interest bonds , the stated rate of interest for each accounting period does not reflect the true economic cost of borrowing in any period during the time the bond is outstanding , since low rates of interest in one period are compensated by higher rates in another .
in the case of stepped interest bonds , the stated rate of interest for each accounting period does not [think/show] the true economic cost of borrowing in any period during the time the bond is outstanding , since low rates of interest in one period are compensated by higher rates in another .

The straight line method was rejected as it does not reflect the relationship between finance costs and the amount outstanding .
the straight line method was rejected as it does not [think/show] the relationship between finance costs and the amount outstanding .

Methods which expressly reflect the term structure of interest rates or the market value of liabilities were rejected mainly on grounds of complexity .
methods which expressly [think/show] the term structure of interest rates or the market value of liabilities were rejected mainly on grounds of complexity .

Ruth was not sure what difference twenty-three miles would make to the climate , but at least there would be no hard pavements or buildings to reflect the heat .
ruth was not sure what difference twenty-three miles would make to the climate , but at least there would be no hard pavements or buildings to [think/show] the heat .

Ice cream is high in fat and sugar , which would reflect the body 's need for more calories ; pickles are high in salt , and as pregnancy increases the blood volume , more salt might be needed to maintain the proper balance of sodium .
ice cream is high in fat and sugar , which would [think/show] the body 's need for more calories ; pickles are high in salt , and as pregnancy increases the blood volume , more salt might be needed to maintain the proper balance of sodium .

But there 's little evidence to suggest that a pregnant woman 's cravings reflect her nutritional needs any more than anyone else 's .
but there 's little evidence to suggest that a pregnant woman 's cravings [think/show] her nutritional needs any more than anyone else 's .

To a degree , cravings also reflect cultural preferences .
to a degree , cravings also [think/show] cultural preferences .

Infra-red systems work in any light and on most types of subject , but accuracy reduces with distance and with subjects which reflect poorly .
infra-red systems work in any light and on most types of subject , but accuracy reduces with distance and with subjects which [think/show] poorly .

However things turn out , try to reflect the mood of the scene by the pace of the cutting of your shots : if the children are quiet and thoughtful , the shots can be held a little longer than if they are lively and excited ( provided that the adult does a good job of filling in the gaps in the action ) .
however things turn out , try to [think/show] the mood of the scene by the pace of the cutting of your shots : if the children are quiet and thoughtful , the shots can be held a little longer than if they are lively and excited ( provided that the adult does a good job of filling in the gaps in the action ) .

The style of your commentary should reflect the style of your movie .
the style of your commentary should [think/show] the style of your movie .

Any hard , flat surface will reflect sound to some degree , and this includes not only walls and ceilings but also uncurtained windows , table-tops and parquet floors .
any hard , flat surface will [think/show] sound to some degree , and this includes not only walls and ceilings but also uncurtained windows , table-tops and parquet floors .

While not everyone welcomed the regime with open arms , it is opportune to reflect on its effectiveness and to weigh up the costs and benefits of regulation of the profession by the profession .
while not everyone welcomed the regime with open arms , it is opportune to [think/show] on its effectiveness and to weigh up the costs and benefits of regulation of the profession by the profession .

Most finance texts would suggest that purchasers of assets via the financial markets are entering a fair game in that the market will price assets according to expectations of future cash flows incorporating some risk discount ( albeit one likely to reflect systematic risk , ie after taking the opportunity for portfolio diversification into account , rather than the total variance of the returns ) .
most finance texts would suggest that purchasers of assets via the financial markets are entering a fair game in that the market will price assets according to expectations of future cash flows incorporating some risk discount ( albeit one likely to [think/show] systematic risk , ie after taking the opportunity for portfolio diversification into account , rather than the total variance of the returns ) .

The main point of our work is to establish earnings that reflect the company 's performance .
the main point of our work is to establish earnings that [think/show] the company 's performance .

The word ‘ maintainable ’ is not ideal , but it does indicate the underlying principle involved , that the company has a capacity to produce wealth over time , and the idea of the earnings number is to reflect that capacity in the year in question .
the word ‘ maintainable ’ is not ideal , but it does indicate the underlying principle involved , that the company has a capacity to produce wealth over time , and the idea of the earnings number is to [think/show] that capacity in the year in question .

The p&l account for 1990/91 and the balance sheet at 30 June 1991 have been restated to reflect these changes , as has the five-year record .
the p&l account for 1990/91 and the balance sheet at 30 june 1991 have been restated to [think/show] these changes , as has the five-year record .

Reports nationwide reflect a similar story : smaller firms , and particularly those with one to three partners , are giving up training chartered accountants and , if they are continuing to train at all , employing people who are training for other cheaper and more flexible accountancy qualifications .
reports nationwide [think/show] a similar story : smaller firms , and particularly those with one to three partners , are giving up training chartered accountants and , if they are continuing to train at all , employing people who are training for other cheaper and more flexible accountancy qualifications .

The buildings of the years of expansion reflect the wholesale exploitation of a myriad of individual properties ; only in recent years has the preservation of the medieval field pattern by direct overbuilding been removed as ‘ urban renewal ’ has occurred .
the buildings of the years of expansion [think/show] the wholesale exploitation of a myriad of individual properties ; only in recent years has the preservation of the medieval field pattern by direct overbuilding been removed as ‘ urban renewal ’ has occurred .

The findings reflect the impact of the recession .
the findings [think/show] the impact of the recession .

They reflect a miraculous turnround from a loss of £9.3m to a profit of £5.6m for the year to August 1992 .
they [think/show] a miraculous turnround from a loss of £9.3m to a profit of £5.6m for the year to august 1992 .

If so , the current tax charge should reflect the writeback of costs .
if so , the current tax charge should [think/show] the writeback of costs .

This consists of the Auditing Guideline , Communications between Auditors and Regulators under Sections 109 and 180 ( 1 ) ( q ) of the Financial Services Act 1986 , which was issued in July 1990 ; and Practice Note 3 , Client Assets — Guidance to Auditors of Investment Businesses , issued in December 1990 and which has been amended to reflect recent changes in the rules relating to client money following the issue of The Financial Services ( Client Money ) Regulations 1991 .
this consists of the auditing guideline , communications between auditors and regulators under sections 109 and 180 ( 1 ) ( q ) of the financial services act 1986 , which was issued in july 1990 ; and practice note 3 , client assets — guidance to auditors of investment businesses , issued in december 1990 and which has been amended to [think/show] recent changes in the rules relating to client money following the issue of the financial services ( client money ) regulations 1991 .

In its interim report for the first half of 1992 , the insurance group has changed its accounting policy to reflect the total investment return — including realised and unrealised gains arising on its shareholder and general insurance funds — in its consolidated p & l account .
in its interim report for the first half of 1992 , the insurance group has changed its accounting policy to [think/show] the total investment return — including realised and unrealised gains arising on its shareholder and general insurance funds — in its consolidated p & l account .

The changes are intended to reflect the Citizen 's Charter approach that Government is responsible for defining those standards which the public expects , with managers responsible for delivering them .
the changes are intended to [think/show] the citizen 's charter approach that government is responsible for defining those standards which the public expects , with managers responsible for delivering them .

For the majority who die intestate , separate legal rules apply and these also reflect the idea that certain relatives have the right to claim a share in the resources of the deceased .
for the majority who die intestate , separate legal rules apply and these also [think/show] the idea that certain relatives have the right to claim a share in the resources of the deceased .

Differences between the two areas may simply reflect the fact that the density of cuckoos relative to that of their hosts is larger at Santa Fe than at Guadix ( Table 1 ) .
differences between the two areas may simply [think/show] the fact that the density of cuckoos relative to that of their hosts is larger at santa fe than at guadix ( table 1 ) .

These results were unexpected , because several studies have shown seasonal variation in forest ecosystem fine root biomass turnover , which is often believed to reflect variable root mortality rates .
these results were unexpected , because several studies have shown seasonal variation in forest ecosystem fine root biomass turnover , which is often believed to [think/show] variable root mortality rates .

Agreement between models , which has been construed as showing the accuracy of simulated Late Permian climates , may only reflect the fundamental shortcomings in parameters employed by all models , such as the palaeogeography .
agreement between models , which has been construed as showing the accuracy of simulated late permian climates , may only [think/show] the fundamental shortcomings in parameters employed by all models , such as the palaeogeography .

On the retina of the left eye in 1a , the ( inverted ) image of the left-hand edge is shown as taller than that of the right-hand edge , to reflect the fact that the left-hand edge is nearer that eye , and therefore subtends , at its nodal point , a distinctly larger angle than the right-hand edge .
on the retina of the left eye in 1a , the ( inverted ) image of the left-hand edge is shown as taller than that of the right-hand edge , to [think/show] the fact that the left-hand edge is nearer that eye , and therefore subtends , at its nodal point , a distinctly larger angle than the right-hand edge .

The lack of hot springs and the weak nature of fumaroles on the volcanoes reflect deep water tables , a consequence of the semi-arid to arid climate of the region .
the lack of hot springs and the weak nature of fumaroles on the volcanoes [think/show] deep water tables , a consequence of the semi-arid to arid climate of the region .

The arguments over the relative importance of optimality versus mutational explanations are relevant to a wide range of evolutionary questions , and the problem of senescence is one instance of a general question : to what extent does the degree of adaptation reflect the strength of selection ?
the arguments over the relative importance of optimality versus mutational explanations are relevant to a wide range of evolutionary questions , and the problem of senescence is one instance of a general question : to what extent does the degree of adaptation [think/show] the strength of selection ?

For example , does the precision of mimetic patterns in butterflies reflect the degree of protection they confer .
for example , does the precision of mimetic patterns in butterflies [think/show] the degree of protection they confer .

The memoirs of government officials seldom reflect badly on their authors .
the memoirs of government officials seldom [think/show] badly on their authors .

However , lower down the balance lurks a black hole : ‘ errors and omissions ’ reflect an unrecorded capital outflow of $ 1.7 billion .
however , lower down the balance lurks a black hole : ‘ errors and omissions ’ [think/show] an unrecorded capital outflow of $ 1.7 billion .

The gold price therefore tends to move in parallel with bond yields , which also reflect expectations of inflation .
the gold price therefore tends to move in parallel with bond yields , which also [think/show] expectations of inflation .

One reason is that users have grown used to roads , for example , that are offered either free or at fees that reflect the cost advantages with which governments start out .
one reason is that users have grown used to roads , for example , that are offered either free or at fees that [think/show] the cost advantages with which governments start out .

It may also reflect the nature of the inmate population .
it may also [think/show] the nature of the inmate population .

His reaction to his new situation was perhaps predictable — he decided to travel again , both for interest and to reflect on his own future .
his reaction to his new situation was perhaps predictable — he decided to travel again , both for interest and to [think/show] on his own future .

Indeed , his insistence that punishments should only reflect the harm done to society and have nothing to do with subjective intent would seem to imply that the accident-prone should be treated the same as those who cause harm by design !
indeed , his insistence that punishments should only [think/show] the harm done to society and have nothing to do with subjective intent would seem to imply that the accident-prone should be treated the same as those who cause harm by design !

Rather they appeared as a selection — and a selection that seemed to reflect the interests of the powerful .
rather they appeared as a selection — and a selection that seemed to [think/show] the interests of the powerful .

The 20-page revised document , Guidance on Possible Forms of Control in Children 's Residential Care , describes forms of permissible restraint , including holding a child 's arm or holding the child against a wall , but says such force should never be used punitively and should reflect the needs of individual situations .
the 20-page revised document , guidance on possible forms of control in children 's residential care , describes forms of permissible restraint , including holding a child 's arm or holding the child against a wall , but says such force should never be used punitively and should [think/show] the needs of individual situations .

New powers to lock up children overnight may reflect the concern of Home Office ministers about crimes committed by some young people in care when they persistently abscond from children 's homes .
new powers to lock up children overnight may [think/show] the concern of home office ministers about crimes committed by some young people in care when they persistently abscond from children 's homes .

Comparisons with restated figures to reflect discontinued operations .
comparisons with restated figures to [think/show] discontinued operations .

As to contents , the Royal Commission on the Press in 1947 judged that the nationals ‘ tended to reflect the life and interests of three or four regions rather than those of the whole country ’ ( p. 8 ) .
as to contents , the royal commission on the press in 1947 judged that the nationals ‘ tended to [think/show] the life and interests of three or four regions rather than those of the whole country ’ ( p. 8 ) .

The programme categories in Tables 6.7 and 6.8 reflect the broadcasters ' need to demonstrate that they were ‘ informing , educating and entertaining ’ .
the programme categories in tables 6.7 and 6.8 [think/show] the broadcasters ' need to demonstrate that they were ‘ informing , educating and entertaining ’ .

All this is fine , except that in Russia and Hungary , where McDonald 's status symbol and monopoly are likely to play a greater role , local currencies are undervalued . Does this mean that McDonald 's does n't achieve higher margins , or does it reflect an even larger degree of undervaluation of these currencies , or other factors ?
all this is fine , except that in russia and hungary , where mcdonald 's status symbol and monopoly are likely to play a greater role , local currencies are undervalued . does this mean that mcdonald 's does n't achieve higher margins , or does it [think/show] an even larger degree of undervaluation of these currencies , or other factors ?

The charge to such consumers did , of course , reflect some of the higher cost of supplying small quantities of electricity .
the charge to such consumers did , of course , [think/show] some of the higher cost of supplying small quantities of electricity .

The Boards were conscious that cooking was generally an off-peak load ( and thus cheap to supply ) , and , to reflect this advantage to themselves and meet gas competition , they generally accepted lower retail mark-ups on cookers than was usual on other appliances .
the boards were conscious that cooking was generally an off-peak load ( and thus cheap to supply ) , and , to [think/show] this advantage to themselves and meet gas competition , they generally accepted lower retail mark-ups on cookers than was usual on other appliances .

The official Central Authority view was that their prices should fully reflect costs and that the ‘ all-electric ’ home was not a practicable proposition , since solid fuel would be more economical for continuous space heating .
the official central authority view was that their prices should fully [think/show] costs and that the ‘ all-electric ’ home was not a practicable proposition , since solid fuel would be more economical for continuous space heating .

Faced with these immediate problems , few of them had time to reflect that such an exercise might logically be based on proper cost research .
faced with these immediate problems , few of them had time to [think/show] that such an exercise might logically be based on proper cost research .

They sensibly retained a regional fuel cost differential to reflect differing local coal costs , and their two-part bulk supply tariff , based on both a capacity charge per kW of peak demand and a running charge per kWh also sensibly reflected costs .
they sensibly retained a regional fuel cost differential to [think/show] differing local coal costs , and their two-part bulk supply tariff , based on both a capacity charge per kw of peak demand and a running charge per kwh also sensibly reflected costs .

In a truly patronising vein , you suggest that it was technology , the offer of a shiny card with their photo , that attracted Cambodians to register as voters . Did you stop to think that there is more than enough going on in Cambodia to make people reflect pretty carefully about participating in the election at all — and that the fact that 4.7m of them registered ( for which they received nothing whatsoever in material terms ) might just suggest that they really would like to exercise the vote ?
in a truly patronising vein , you suggest that it was technology , the offer of a shiny card with their photo , that attracted cambodians to register as voters . did you stop to think that there is more than enough going on in cambodia to make people [think/show] pretty carefully about participating in the election at all — and that the fact that 4.7m of them registered ( for which they received nothing whatsoever in material terms ) might just suggest that they really would like to exercise the vote ?

Governments ' policies are beginning to reflect that fact .
governments ' policies are beginning to [think/show] that fact .

Besides , dumping at sea is cheap , and so it fails to reflect the possible environmental costs imposed on future generations .
besides , dumping at sea is cheap , and so it fails to [think/show] the possible environmental costs imposed on future generations .

It is , of course , nothing new to propose that the legal framework of child welfare and professional intervention should reflect the need to work with , rather than against , families . As the government circular explaining the 1948 Children Act ( Circular 48/160 ) put it :
it is , of course , nothing new to propose that the legal framework of child welfare and professional intervention should [think/show] the need to work with , rather than against , families . as the government circular explaining the 1948 children act ( circular 48/160 ) put it :

Holman stresses that lack of contact did not necessarily reflect parental wishes ( in fact nearly half of the parents wanted their children back ) , but parents felt they were being tacitly excluded by the agency .
holman stresses that lack of contact did not necessarily [think/show] parental wishes ( in fact nearly half of the parents wanted their children back ) , but parents felt they were being tacitly excluded by the agency .

It may legitimately be asked whether and how the two positions defined may be connected with , or reflect , wider intellectual traditions or ideological stances . For example , may the two schools of thought be most usefully seen as integral to broad political perspectives which propose contrasting views of the state , social work as a part of state intervention , social institutions , and the relations between socioeconomic groups ? Or may the most helpful interpretation be to align the two child care positions with opposing camps in the field of psychological explanation ?
it may legitimately be asked whether and how the two positions defined may be connected with , or [think/show] , wider intellectual traditions or ideological stances . for example , may the two schools of thought be most usefully seen as integral to broad political perspectives which propose contrasting views of the state , social work as a part of state intervention , social institutions , and the relations between socioeconomic groups ? or may the most helpful interpretation be to align the two child care positions with opposing camps in the field of psychological explanation ?

Secondly , the following four differences , concerning ( 3 ) the emphasis in child care practice on prevention and rehabilitation , ( 4 ) the success of adoption , ( 5 ) the nature of fostering , and ( 6 ) the adequacy of state intervention in child care , reflect different views on child care policy .
secondly , the following four differences , concerning ( 3 ) the emphasis in child care practice on prevention and rehabilitation , ( 4 ) the success of adoption , ( 5 ) the nature of fostering , and ( 6 ) the adequacy of state intervention in child care , [think/show] different views on child care policy .

The child in such an environment is given maximum protection from exposure to his or her real self , or from those who will act as a mirror to reflect the child 's racial image .
the child in such an environment is given maximum protection from exposure to his or her real self , or from those who will act as a mirror to [think/show] the child 's racial image .

The essence of his argument is that changes in behavioural codes reflect changes in the power and dependency relations they are rooted in .
the essence of his argument is that changes in behavioural codes [think/show] changes in the power and dependency relations they are rooted in .

At what should have been a time to reflect on a most successful campaign to unite both Church and public in defence of fundamental Christian belief , Mrs Whitehouse was ‘ rocked ’ by the breaking of another controversy .
at what should have been a time to [think/show] on a most successful campaign to unite both church and public in defence of fundamental christian belief , mrs whitehouse was ‘ rocked ’ by the breaking of another controversy .

And it is striking that this week 's pressure on the peseta did not reflect a fundamental misalignment of the currency : on most estimates , the Spanish currency was not at all over-valued .
and it is striking that this week 's pressure on the peseta did not [think/show] a fundamental misalignment of the currency : on most estimates , the spanish currency was not at all over-valued .

Under the Vance-Owen plan , which the Croats have signed , Bosnia is to be divided into ten autonomous provinces , and local provincial governments are supposed to reflect the ethnic proportions of the populations before the Bosnian war .
under the vance-owen plan , which the croats have signed , bosnia is to be divided into ten autonomous provinces , and local provincial governments are supposed to [think/show] the ethnic proportions of the populations before the bosnian war .

For therapeutic and professional staff to reflect the cultural backgrounds of the children , and that for all children , including those with special needs , their day-care environment and activities to express a consciousness of the multicultural society in Islington .
for therapeutic and professional staff to [think/show] the cultural backgrounds of the children , and that for all children , including those with special needs , their day-care environment and activities to express a consciousness of the multicultural society in islington .

Their daily routines are starting to reflect their preferences and abilities and to include a level of personal responsibility .
their daily routines are starting to [think/show] their preferences and abilities and to include a level of personal responsibility .

Because they are viewed in this light parents may respond with diffidence to those carrying out the assessment of their child and simply reflect back and reinforce professional perceptions .
because they are viewed in this light parents may respond with diffidence to those carrying out the assessment of their child and simply [think/show] back and reinforce professional perceptions .

They have the weird notion that natural disasters reflect upon their political systems .
they have the weird notion that natural disasters [think/show] upon their political systems .

It is my contention that entrenchment and cynicism both reflect and serve to heighten an atmosphere of demoralization ; that they arise as a result of a semi-conscious decision by teachers about how to cope with doubts and demands ; that while this stance often seems the only possible option it is a mistake to adopt it ; and that through insight into the dynamics of the decision-making process , a better stance can be found , even in very trying circumstances , that offers a greater opportunity for personal satisfaction and institutional success .
it is my contention that entrenchment and cynicism both [think/show] and serve to heighten an atmosphere of demoralization ; that they arise as a result of a semi-conscious decision by teachers about how to cope with doubts and demands ; that while this stance often seems the only possible option it is a mistake to adopt it ; and that through insight into the dynamics of the decision-making process , a better stance can be found , even in very trying circumstances , that offers a greater opportunity for personal satisfaction and institutional success .

This guarantees total inadequacy , but the pay-off is ( a ) the knowledge that nobody could cope with all fifteen , and that therefore the failure does not reflect badly on him personally , and ( b ) some self-righteousness at how hard he is trying to contribute , and resentment at those who are not ‘ pulling their weight .
this guarantees total inadequacy , but the pay-off is ( a ) the knowledge that nobody could cope with all fifteen , and that therefore the failure does not [think/show] badly on him personally , and ( b ) some self-righteousness at how hard he is trying to contribute , and resentment at those who are not ‘ pulling their weight .

What Lord Airlie , the Lord Chamberlain , actually said on 11 February when announcing the areas on which the Queen was now going to pay tax , was that the income-raising activities relating to the collection — sales of tickets , catalogues , souvenirs etc — are to be put into a trust to reflect the fact that these activities are used exclusively to maintain the Collection .
what lord airlie , the lord chamberlain , actually said on 11 february when announcing the areas on which the queen was now going to pay tax , was that the income-raising activities relating to the collection — sales of tickets , catalogues , souvenirs etc — are to be put into a trust to [think/show] the fact that these activities are used exclusively to maintain the collection .

The society 's difficulties today reflect a struggle of more than a decade to operate a museum and research library at a time when the costs of doing so rose dramatically .
the society 's difficulties today [think/show] a struggle of more than a decade to operate a museum and research library at a time when the costs of doing so rose dramatically .

Since opening in 1990 , his intimate room at Brabanterstrasse 49 has encouraged artists to reflect on the gallery structure itself .
since opening in 1990 , his intimate room at brabanterstrasse 49 has encouraged artists to [think/show] on the gallery structure itself .

And if this sounds crazy , you need to reflect that the concept of seeing is modified here .
and if this sounds crazy , you need to [think/show] that the concept of seeing is modified here .

Now , most of our everyday talk about the objects of perception does not reflect this .
now , most of our everyday talk about the objects of perception does not [think/show] this .

If we wish to reflect on the nature of the body we must in succession examine the body first as being-for-itself and then as being-for-others .
if we wish to [think/show] on the nature of the body we must in succession examine the body first as being-for-itself and then as being-for-others .

, or even that people sometimes reflect on their feelings and describe them , as in ( h ) .
, or even that people sometimes [think/show] on their feelings and describe them , as in ( h ) .

This concept has been refined over the years into ‘ How well do our Raphael holdings reflect his styles from the varying stages of his career ?
this concept has been refined over the years into ‘ how well do our raphael holdings [think/show] his styles from the varying stages of his career ?

Gilles Peyroulet is opening a new space on 16 January at 7 rue Debelleyme and kicks off with sculpture by Jurgen Albrecht , simple geometric forms of paper and card which reflect and absorb light .
gilles peyroulet is opening a new space on 16 january at 7 rue debelleyme and kicks off with sculpture by jurgen albrecht , simple geometric forms of paper and card which [think/show] and absorb light .

The 200 objects in its show will explore themes that reflect the breadth of the museum 's vast collection : floral imagery , symbolism of black and white , geometrics and abstract imagery , and tweeds .
the 200 objects in its show will explore themes that [think/show] the breadth of the museum 's vast collection : floral imagery , symbolism of black and white , geometrics and abstract imagery , and tweeds .

‘ We reflect society , ’ a director of soap once remarked .
‘ we [think/show] society , ’ a director of soap once remarked .

’ To reflect society can only mean comedy , in such a world , if a work is to convince as any sort of mirror , and the preference of other nations for melodrama and the bleeding heart has nothing to do with the habitual temper of British life .
’ to [think/show] society can only mean comedy , in such a world , if a work is to convince as any sort of mirror , and the preference of other nations for melodrama and the bleeding heart has nothing to do with the habitual temper of british life .

Vocabulary and articulation often reflect social standing in Britain , to be sure : but where do they not ?
vocabulary and articulation often [think/show] social standing in britain , to be sure : but where do they not ?

Like most nocturnal hunters , it possesses a highly developed optical system that can reflect the dullest ray of light through the pupils .
like most nocturnal hunters , it possesses a highly developed optical system that can [think/show] the dullest ray of light through the pupils .

It seems likely that improvements in the health and work capacity of the elderly population over the last eighty years have more than compensated for any putative increase in the physical and mental demands of employment ; if so , rising retirement rates may reflect a decrease in the demand for the labour of elderly workers over a period in which their employment capacity has risen .
it seems likely that improvements in the health and work capacity of the elderly population over the last eighty years have more than compensated for any putative increase in the physical and mental demands of employment ; if so , rising retirement rates may [think/show] a decrease in the demand for the labour of elderly workers over a period in which their employment capacity has risen .

Together , these policies and policy statements reflect an overwhelming official concern in the current period of high unemployment with the position of young people in the labour market and , conversely , a lack of interest in action to improve the employment prospects of older workers .
together , these policies and policy statements [think/show] an overwhelming official concern in the current period of high unemployment with the position of young people in the labour market and , conversely , a lack of interest in action to improve the employment prospects of older workers .

They reflect , in other words , an increasing tendency , directly or indirectly , to discriminate against older people in favour of younger ones , or ‘ ageism ’ ( Walker 1982b ) .
they [think/show] , in other words , an increasing tendency , directly or indirectly , to discriminate against older people in favour of younger ones , or ‘ ageism ’ ( walker 1982b ) .

They reflect added commercialism in the game , and the fact that in Wales various means are being sought to re-kindle public support lost in recent years .
they [think/show] added commercialism in the game , and the fact that in wales various means are being sought to re-kindle public support lost in recent years .

My reading of these figures would be that they reflect a surging interest and are not quite as unpopular as you would indicate .
my reading of these figures would be that they [think/show] a surging interest and are not quite as unpopular as you would indicate .

The salary-ranges reflect the increased responsibilities involved in their managerial and policy-making functions and are in turn set according to the size of the local authority and its population base .
the salary-ranges [think/show] the increased responsibilities involved in their managerial and policy-making functions and are in turn set according to the size of the local authority and its population base .

In London 's East End , Purdy Hicks , renamed to reflect the appointment of Rebecca Hicks as director , is exhibiting ten new paintings and a portfolio of ten etchings , published in collaboration with the Print Centre , by Arturo di Stefano ( 5 February-6 March ) .
in london 's east end , purdy hicks , renamed to [think/show] the appointment of rebecca hicks as director , is exhibiting ten new paintings and a portfolio of ten etchings , published in collaboration with the print centre , by arturo di stefano ( 5 february-6 march ) .

But though the pictures reflect the splendour and danger of the great peaks , they may fail fully to convey the challenge of the environment in terms of wind , low temperature and rarefied air pressure .
but though the pictures [think/show] the splendour and danger of the great peaks , they may fail fully to convey the challenge of the environment in terms of wind , low temperature and rarefied air pressure .

Consequently , the topics reflect a global and cross-curricular selection .
consequently , the topics [think/show] a global and cross-curricular selection .

The reading passages , in particular , are intelligent and well-informed , and reflect the opinion of the best of our modern media over a very broad range of interest .
the reading passages , in particular , are intelligent and well-informed , and [think/show] the opinion of the best of our modern media over a very broad range of interest .

The four basic types of activity offered in Conversation are : controlled activities to give students confidence and support ; awareness activities to increase students ' sensitivity to what they are aiming at ; fluency activities to give students the practice they need to use English for communication ; and feedback tasks to allow students to reflect on their own performance so that they become aware of areas in which they have to improve .
the four basic types of activity offered in conversation are : controlled activities to give students confidence and support ; awareness activities to increase students ' sensitivity to what they are aiming at ; fluency activities to give students the practice they need to use english for communication ; and feedback tasks to allow students to [think/show] on their own performance so that they become aware of areas in which they have to improve .

Does the history of antislavery reflect the progressive adoption of more popular forms on social and political activity in accord with a changing balance of forces within the larger culture of nineteenth-century England ?
does the history of antislavery [think/show] the progressive adoption of more popular forms on social and political activity in accord with a changing balance of forces within the larger culture of nineteenth-century england ?

The years picked out up to 1833 reflect fluctuation in the ‘ popular ’ aspect of abolitionist and emancipationist activity .
the years picked out up to 1833 [think/show] fluctuation in the ‘ popular ’ aspect of abolitionist and emancipationist activity .

It did however reflect a sense of Britain 's central role in a world-wide economy and permitted individuals to believe they could contribute to a good cause without relying upon government or becoming enmeshed in politics .
it did however [think/show] a sense of britain 's central role in a world-wide economy and permitted individuals to believe they could contribute to a good cause without relying upon government or becoming enmeshed in politics .

Our knowledge and our moral values inevitably reflect and are marked by our own finitude and all its limitations , and to scale religion down to them is to sow the seeds of fanaticism and intolerance by giving them a more absolute standing than they properly deserve .
our knowledge and our moral values inevitably [think/show] and are marked by our own finitude and all its limitations , and to scale religion down to them is to sow the seeds of fanaticism and intolerance by giving them a more absolute standing than they properly deserve .

In this new study , Baur made considerable use of Hegel 's dialectical conception , finding the New Testament to reflect , not a homogeneous movement , but a conflict between an earlier , Petrine theology and a later , Pauline type , which the later New Testament documents were attempting dialectical movement in the development of the church and theology in subsequent ages .
in this new study , baur made considerable use of hegel 's dialectical conception , finding the new testament to [think/show] , not a homogeneous movement , but a conflict between an earlier , petrine theology and a later , pauline type , which the later new testament documents were attempting dialectical movement in the development of the church and theology in subsequent ages .

But he did not simply dismiss religion on this score ; rather he kept returning to reflect upon it .
but he did not simply dismiss religion on this score ; rather he kept returning to [think/show] upon it .

These other approaches for the most part reflect a leading feature of most twentieth-century philosophy — the revolt against Absolute Idealism of the Hegelian type , with its tendency to downgrade the individual , the personal , and the historical in favour of the ideal and impersonal .
these other approaches for the most part [think/show] a leading feature of most twentieth-century philosophy — the revolt against absolute idealism of the hegelian type , with its tendency to downgrade the individual , the personal , and the historical in favour of the ideal and impersonal .

The seemingly endless variations and applications all circle round and reflect the single theme .
the seemingly endless variations and applications all circle round and [think/show] the single theme .

Comparisons with restated figures to reflect discontinued operations .
comparisons with restated figures to [think/show] discontinued operations .

Net earnings per share , adjusted to reflect a two-for-one stock split , rose 120 % to $ 0.22 in the quarter , 160 % to $ 0.52 in the nine months .
net earnings per share , adjusted to [think/show] a two-for-one stock split , rose 120 % to $ 0.22 in the quarter , 160 % to $ 0.52 in the nine months .

We all know the main parts of the Church 's year : Advent , Christmas , Lent , Easter , Pentecost and what is called the ‘ ordinary time ’ , but how are these various seasons presented in the liturgy , and how can we reflect the seasons of the year in our prayer , worship and music ?
we all know the main parts of the church 's year : advent , christmas , lent , easter , pentecost and what is called the ‘ ordinary time ’ , but how are these various seasons presented in the liturgy , and how can we [think/show] the seasons of the year in our prayer , worship and music ?

In short the movies had to be contemporary and had to reflect some of the mass anxieties of the age without ever becoming sectional or subversive themselves .
in short the movies had to be contemporary and had to [think/show] some of the mass anxieties of the age without ever becoming sectional or subversive themselves .

More important in suggesting realism is Taylor 's neat suburban home and cheap car , which would have surprised British workers and American workers living in coalfields and Eastern industrial areas but which nicely reflect conditions in prospering auto towns .
more important in suggesting realism is taylor 's neat suburban home and cheap car , which would have surprised british workers and american workers living in coalfields and eastern industrial areas but which nicely [think/show] conditions in prospering auto towns .

Signs in use for many referents reflect one or two of these properties , and thus we should not be surprised that comparisons of sign lists result in such a high degree of similarity , as the appearance , movement , and use of an object can be expected to be similar across different cultures .
signs in use for many referents [think/show] one or two of these properties , and thus we should not be surprised that comparisons of sign lists result in such a high degree of similarity , as the appearance , movement , and use of an object can be expected to be similar across different cultures .

Even though the method described by Braybrook and Powell ( 1980 ) has moved on since this time , it still does not reflect current knowledge of child language .
even though the method described by braybrook and powell ( 1980 ) has moved on since this time , it still does not [think/show] current knowledge of child language .

In Tervoort 's ( 1983 ) survey he discovered six of his responding countries had a signed spoken language form ( Finland , Ireland , Norway , Rumania , Sweden and the Soviet Union ) , but he also discovered in a further five countries an ‘ unofficial ’ system of signs structured to reflect the spoken language . In Denmark , Hansen ( 1980 ) describes a mixed language situation :
in tervoort 's ( 1983 ) survey he discovered six of his responding countries had a signed spoken language form ( finland , ireland , norway , rumania , sweden and the soviet union ) , but he also discovered in a further five countries an ‘ unofficial ’ system of signs structured to [think/show] the spoken language . in denmark , hansen ( 1980 ) describes a mixed language situation :

Panels of reflective foil fitted behind radiators that are mounted on external walls will reflect back heat which would otherwise be lost through the masonry to the outside air .
panels of reflective foil fitted behind radiators that are mounted on external walls will [think/show] back heat which would otherwise be lost through the masonry to the outside air .

The modern nuclear family may reflect the mobility which technology has brought .
the modern nuclear family may [think/show] the mobility which technology has brought .

In other words each primary school will continue to reflect its own individuality .
in other words each primary school will continue to [think/show] its own individuality .

The methods which a society employs to train its teachers reflect and comment upon the values with which that society is predominately concerned .
the methods which a society employs to train its teachers [think/show] and comment upon the values with which that society is predominately concerned .

It is not within the scope of this chapter to reflect upon how such a combined change ( in teacher training and school organisation ) might affect the quality and style of young children 's learning .
it is not within the scope of this chapter to [think/show] upon how such a combined change ( in teacher training and school organisation ) might affect the quality and style of young children 's learning .

However one views these initiatives ( whether they stem from local or central government ) they are covertly political — to ensure that schools broadly reflect parental wishes ( for parents , being instinctively conservative in matters educational , provide the most effective brake on radical local initiative ) or to give public credibility to the educational programme of a particular local authority ( ‘ We , the elected councillors , have discussed this with parents and … ’ )
however one views these initiatives ( whether they stem from local or central government ) they are covertly political — to ensure that schools broadly [think/show] parental wishes ( for parents , being instinctively conservative in matters educational , provide the most effective brake on radical local initiative ) or to give public credibility to the educational programme of a particular local authority ( ‘ we , the elected councillors , have discussed this with parents and … ’ )

It is obvious that company output and projects must reflect the man-power and its performance level , but , if this is acknowledged at all , it is only in brief verbal terms within , for example , the chairman 's annual report .
it is obvious that company output and projects must [think/show] the man-power and its performance level , but , if this is acknowledged at all , it is only in brief verbal terms within , for example , the chairman 's annual report .

The material on which the information is printed , the typeface used , the sequence , the structure and the format generally should reflect the conditions of use , ( Easterby and Zwaga , 1984 ) .
the material on which the information is printed , the typeface used , the sequence , the structure and the format generally should [think/show] the conditions of use , ( easterby and zwaga , 1984 ) .

These phases and the difficulties of separating them reflect the fact that mental processes are not subject to clearly defined distinctions and boundaries .
these phases and the difficulties of separating them [think/show] the fact that mental processes are not subject to clearly defined distinctions and boundaries .

Having identified the academic curriculum with competitive examinations and the status-seeking of the middle classes , Searle excludes all works of art from the classroom except the pupils ' own creations and those which reflect their lives .
having identified the academic curriculum with competitive examinations and the status-seeking of the middle classes , searle excludes all works of art from the classroom except the pupils ' own creations and those which [think/show] their lives .

Moreover , research in this context has demonstrated the existence of misleading stereotypes of the abilities of black workers , with images that are often contradictory as between employers , and which reflect a willingness to generalize about ethnic characteristic on the basis of very limited experience ( Lee and Wrench , 1983 ; Jenkins , 1986 ) .
moreover , research in this context has demonstrated the existence of misleading stereotypes of the abilities of black workers , with images that are often contradictory as between employers , and which [think/show] a willingness to generalize about ethnic characteristic on the basis of very limited experience ( lee and wrench , 1983 ; jenkins , 1986 ) .

Their more recent work emphasizes the very considerable regional variations which reflect relative unemployment rates .
their more recent work emphasizes the very considerable regional variations which [think/show] relative unemployment rates .

in the numeracy of engineering apprentices ) , but this situation is more likely to reflect changing social patterns of recruitment rather than a real decline in ‘ educational standards ’ .
in the numeracy of engineering apprentices ) , but this situation is more likely to [think/show] changing social patterns of recruitment rather than a real decline in ‘ educational standards ’ .

In a similar fashion , changes in opportunities reflect the development of the social career .
in a similar fashion , changes in opportunities [think/show] the development of the social career .

It has become commonplace in educational debates to assert that schools should reflect cultural differences , that the divisions within the school population are cultural ones , represented in different ethnic identities .
it has become commonplace in educational debates to assert that schools should [think/show] cultural differences , that the divisions within the school population are cultural ones , represented in different ethnic identities .

How can schools reflect cultural differences without reinforcing the notion that those differences are unchanging and inherent in particular groups .
how can schools [think/show] cultural differences without reinforcing the notion that those differences are unchanging and inherent in particular groups .

The solution , again , is to retrain teachers , to enable them to understand , interpret and incorporate cultural differences which do exist into their teaching and to reflect these back to pupils in a way which leads to high achievement and satisfaction within schooling .
the solution , again , is to retrain teachers , to enable them to understand , interpret and incorporate cultural differences which do exist into their teaching and to [think/show] these back to pupils in a way which leads to high achievement and satisfaction within schooling .

Comparative industrial relations is not an ‘ export-import exercise ’ ( Schregle , 1981 ) since industrial relations phenomena reflect the characteristic features of the society in which they operate .
comparative industrial relations is not an ‘ export-import exercise ’ ( schregle , 1981 ) since industrial relations phenomena [think/show] the characteristic features of the society in which they operate .

Nevertheless , it is recognised that industrial relations will continue to reflect elements of diversity as well as uniformity .
nevertheless , it is recognised that industrial relations will continue to [think/show] elements of diversity as well as uniformity .

Significant national differences will reflect , for instance , the nature of the pre-industrial economic and political order whose lingering effects will continue to influence the newly industrialising society , as well as the particular historical periods at which countries began to industrialise .
significant national differences will [think/show] , for instance , the nature of the pre-industrial economic and political order whose lingering effects will continue to influence the newly industrialising society , as well as the particular historical periods at which countries began to industrialise .

Yet notwithstanding these specific criticisms the notion that one source of difference within cross-national industrial relations may reflect the different stage of development that societies have reached , along some continuum — that the stage of industrialisation affects the character of industrial relations — this provides one possible focus for inter-country studies .
yet notwithstanding these specific criticisms the notion that one source of difference within cross-national industrial relations may [think/show] the different stage of development that societies have reached , along some continuum — that the stage of industrialisation affects the character of industrial relations — this provides one possible focus for inter-country studies .

More generally , Blum ( 1981 ) concluded from an examination of 27 countries that the form which industrial relations takes in any one nation does markedly reflect the culture of which it is a part .
more generally , blum ( 1981 ) concluded from an examination of 27 countries that the form which industrial relations takes in any one nation does markedly [think/show] the culture of which it is a part .

Since trade unions reflect features of the society in which they have developed , it is scarcely surprising to find sharp contrasts between their role and orientation within the Soviet type communist system compared to that in western countries .
since trade unions [think/show] features of the society in which they have developed , it is scarcely surprising to find sharp contrasts between their role and orientation within the soviet type communist system compared to that in western countries .

It has been shown that the structural dimensions of collective bargaining vary greatly between industrialised countries , since they reflect the distinctive economic and social contexts in which they are embedded .
it has been shown that the structural dimensions of collective bargaining vary greatly between industrialised countries , since they [think/show] the distinctive economic and social contexts in which they are embedded .

In reality it was uncompromisingly Protestant in doctrine , although it did reflect both Lutheran and Reformed teachings , and was sometimes deliberately ambiguous in its theology .
in reality it was uncompromisingly protestant in doctrine , although it did [think/show] both lutheran and reformed teachings , and was sometimes deliberately ambiguous in its theology .

Before long , new parish churches in other parts of the country began to reflect Wren 's innovations , one early example being Willen parish church in Buckinghamshire , built in 1680 .
before long , new parish churches in other parts of the country began to [think/show] wren 's innovations , one early example being willen parish church in buckinghamshire , built in 1680 .

The church is to reflect the mystery of the divine communion : members of the church are to be personally related to each other and , through the Holy Spirit , to Christ the head .
the church is to [think/show] the mystery of the divine communion : members of the church are to be personally related to each other and , through the holy spirit , to christ the head .

We must come back with haste , but as we travel let us also reflect on some of the things we see : looking with the eyes of discernment for the hand of the Enemy on the controls of the engine of progress .
we must come back with haste , but as we travel let us also [think/show] on some of the things we see : looking with the eyes of discernment for the hand of the enemy on the controls of the engine of progress .

Stalin 's protégé , Andrei Zhdanov , who controlled the arts and still more closely the artists and architects of the Soviet Union , had said that architecture alone ‘ is able to reflect the grandeur of the period in an objective way .
stalin 's protégé , andrei zhdanov , who controlled the arts and still more closely the artists and architects of the soviet union , had said that architecture alone ‘ is able to [think/show] the grandeur of the period in an objective way .

When the Working Group 's names were announced the left-wing press accused Mr Baker and Mrs Rumbold of choosing political appointees to reflect the Prime Minister 's Conservative ideology .
when the working group 's names were announced the left-wing press accused mr baker and mrs rumbold of choosing political appointees to [think/show] the prime minister 's conservative ideology .

’ The revolution of thought which took place in France in the 1960s , with the work of Barthes , Foucault , Kristeva , Derrida and Lacan , has transformed our perception of the subject , the teaching of both language and literature , and we realise that the varieties of English teaching reflect a variety of ideological assumptions .
’ the revolution of thought which took place in france in the 1960s , with the work of barthes , foucault , kristeva , derrida and lacan , has transformed our perception of the subject , the teaching of both language and literature , and we realise that the varieties of english teaching [think/show] a variety of ideological assumptions .

’ So a national curriculum in English must reflect our values and beliefs , and we need to be as explicit about these as possible .
’ so a national curriculum in english must [think/show] our values and beliefs , and we need to be as explicit about these as possible .

From the 1950s to the 1990s radical changes in teaching styles reflect major changes in social and cultural values .
from the 1950s to the 1990s radical changes in teaching styles [think/show] major changes in social and cultural values .

The Bullock Report clearly stated in 1975 : ‘ No child should be expected to cast off the language and culture of the home as he ( or she ) crosses the school threshold … The curriculum should reflect many elements of that part of his ( or her ) life which a child lives outside school ’ ( paragraph 20.5 ) .
the bullock report clearly stated in 1975 : ‘ no child should be expected to cast off the language and culture of the home as he ( or she ) crosses the school threshold … the curriculum should [think/show] many elements of that part of his ( or her ) life which a child lives outside school ’ ( paragraph 20.5 ) .

; they can keep written records ; they can write down ideas in order to reflect on them and reformulate them ; they can elaborate complex arguments which require written support ; they can create and keep artistic artefacts — poems , plays , stories ; and so on .
; they can keep written records ; they can write down ideas in order to [think/show] on them and reformulate them ; they can elaborate complex arguments which require written support ; they can create and keep artistic artefacts — poems , plays , stories ; and so on .

Our attainment targets and programmes of study reflect our conviction that the personal and social development of the child are inextricably linked .
our attainment targets and programmes of study [think/show] our conviction that the personal and social development of the child are inextricably linked .

We argued that such statements reflect the growing consensus nationally about what constitutes good practice in the teaching of English .
we argued that such statements [think/show] the growing consensus nationally about what constitutes good practice in the teaching of english .

The fourth and fifth views relate to the fact that Standard English is a topic which pupils should reflect on , understand and analyse .
the fourth and fifth views relate to the fact that standard english is a topic which pupils should [think/show] on , understand and analyse .

In addition , our use of our mother tongue is often so automatic and habitual , and so much a part of our individual and social identity , that help is needed to stand back and reflect on aspects of language with some degree of objectivity .
in addition , our use of our mother tongue is often so automatic and habitual , and so much a part of our individual and social identity , that help is needed to stand back and [think/show] on aspects of language with some degree of objectivity .

Again , it seems to help performance to reflect consciously about the higher levels of linguistic organisation — how spoken language can be organised to suit audience , topic and purpose .
again , it seems to help performance to [think/show] consciously about the higher levels of linguistic organisation — how spoken language can be organised to suit audience , topic and purpose .

This approach need not replace traditional literary criticism : rather , it should be viewed as a step that may lead naturally , where appropriate , into the development of objective analytical skills as pupils learn to reflect on their own writing — and on the creative process itself — in relation to the text that inspired it .
this approach need not replace traditional literary criticism : rather , it should be viewed as a step that may lead naturally , where appropriate , into the development of objective analytical skills as pupils learn to [think/show] on their own writing — and on the creative process itself — in relation to the text that inspired it .

In literature and in media education , pupils should explore , for example , ways in which different groups in society are stereotyped or their viewpoints represented , and in which stories can be recast to reflect different authorial attitudes or characterisations of participants .
in literature and in media education , pupils should explore , for example , ways in which different groups in society are stereotyped or their viewpoints represented , and in which stories can be recast to [think/show] different authorial attitudes or characterisations of participants .

The world must reflect on its responsibility to eliminate wars and poverty , yet it must live the spirit of poverty that is that of Christ .
the world must [think/show] on its responsibility to eliminate wars and poverty , yet it must live the spirit of poverty that is that of christ .

It has been criticised there on the grounds that any decision on lending which is based on how many characteristics an applicant shares with good or bad payers can not directly reflect the reality of whether or not that individual will be a good payer .
it has been criticised there on the grounds that any decision on lending which is based on how many characteristics an applicant shares with good or bad payers can not directly [think/show] the reality of whether or not that individual will be a good payer .

Insofar as good credit scoring systems weigh up an individual 's characteristics and background in a way which truly and accurately does reflect wide experience of similar characteristics and background , these systems can discriminate between good and bad risks more reliably than non-scoring systems which make a more partial and subjective stab at the same target .
insofar as good credit scoring systems weigh up an individual 's characteristics and background in a way which truly and accurately does [think/show] wide experience of similar characteristics and background , these systems can discriminate between good and bad risks more reliably than non-scoring systems which make a more partial and subjective stab at the same target .

The unity of the New Testament , the fact that it contains not every Christology , but only those which were judged to be faithful to the original testimony , reflect the origin of the gospel in the one unique person of Jesus ( Newbigin 1978:176 ) .
the unity of the new testament , the fact that it contains not every christology , but only those which were judged to be faithful to the original testimony , [think/show] the origin of the gospel in the one unique person of jesus ( newbigin 1978:176 ) .

Overseas too many missionary-planted churches are over-influenced by their imported histories , which reflect controversies and emphases which may be irrelevant to their environment into which they have been transplanted .
overseas too many missionary-planted churches are over-influenced by their imported histories , which [think/show] controversies and emphases which may be irrelevant to their environment into which they have been transplanted .

The Church should not simply reflect the divisions and distancing present in its social context .
the church should not simply [think/show] the divisions and distancing present in its social context .

Indeed , if it remains in isolation , it can not reflect the universality and diversity of the Body of Christ .
indeed , if it remains in isolation , it can not [think/show] the universality and diversity of the body of christ .

At the national level , by improving , standardising and centralising the categories of data collection so that these provide a more reliable basis for research in depth and reflect changes in the work of the Church .
at the national level , by improving , standardising and centralising the categories of data collection so that these provide a more reliable basis for research in depth and [think/show] changes in the work of the church .

This form of communication must not , however , be equated with the formal , structured monologue which may reflect classical Greek influence rather than the Judaic-Christian tradition .
this form of communication must not , however , be equated with the formal , structured monologue which may [think/show] classical greek influence rather than the judaic-christian tradition .

However , if it is intended for the community , the contents must reflect the concerns of the community , with comments on the wider world and put together with a certain degree of journalistic skill .
however , if it is intended for the community , the contents must [think/show] the concerns of the community , with comments on the wider world and put together with a certain degree of journalistic skill .

The hands may be kept busy so that the mind can reflect , and see the pattern inherent in the tangled mass of threads .
the hands may be kept busy so that the mind can [think/show] , and see the pattern inherent in the tangled mass of threads .

Every woman can make time in her life to pause , reflect and enjoy , if she will allow herself to do so .
every woman can make time in her life to pause , [think/show] and enjoy , if she will allow herself to do so .

She chooses to paint objects and settings that reflect the natural pleasure and sympathy she has with her daily life .
she chooses to paint objects and settings that [think/show] the natural pleasure and sympathy she has with her daily life .

The apparently untidy structure of the machinery of government , and its constant alteration , reflect the objectives of the political elites .
the apparently untidy structure of the machinery of government , and its constant alteration , [think/show] the objectives of the political elites .

The Public Order Act was to reflect the traditional police palliatives , despite Game 's lukewarm espousal of them , and was to ignore his more radical solution .
the public order act was to [think/show] the traditional police palliatives , despite game 's lukewarm espousal of them , and was to ignore his more radical solution .

When he noticed that linguistic usage could reflect social usage and that classificatory kinship systems encouraged group solidarity , Morgan made what we would now call a ‘ functional ’ interpretation of social phenomena .
when he noticed that linguistic usage could [think/show] social usage and that classificatory kinship systems encouraged group solidarity , morgan made what we would now call a ‘ functional ’ interpretation of social phenomena .

However , one will do well to reflect on the following remark of Bentham ( of which some of the second part of this work might be seen as an endorsement ) .
however , one will do well to [think/show] on the following remark of bentham ( of which some of the second part of this work might be seen as an endorsement ) .

What he tends to ignore , however , is what one might call value charged definitions which do not function as persuasive devices for modifying attitudes but serve simply to formulate , and perhaps endorse , combinations of descriptive and valuational meaning in ordinary usage which reflect widely shared attitudes .
what he tends to ignore , however , is what one might call value charged definitions which do not function as persuasive devices for modifying attitudes but serve simply to formulate , and perhaps endorse , combinations of descriptive and valuational meaning in ordinary usage which [think/show] widely shared attitudes .

The strength of agencies will thus not necessarily reflect the popularity of their policies .
the strength of agencies will thus not necessarily [think/show] the popularity of their policies .

Maryland was organized as a late and formal version of the feudal system , the Virginian way of life was always expected to reflect some memories of the heirs of the Elizabethan gentlemen and seadogs who had launched it , and Massachusetts and the other New England colonies that emerged from it retained a moral earnestness that sometimes survived the loss of the faith that had initially inspired the earnestness .
maryland was organized as a late and formal version of the feudal system , the virginian way of life was always expected to [think/show] some memories of the heirs of the elizabethan gentlemen and seadogs who had launched it , and massachusetts and the other new england colonies that emerged from it retained a moral earnestness that sometimes survived the loss of the faith that had initially inspired the earnestness .

The dubiousness of this is obvious when we reflect on the failure of the state to stop all manner of illicit and illegal activity .
the dubiousness of this is obvious when we [think/show] on the failure of the state to stop all manner of illicit and illegal activity .

The above cases largely reflect police thinking .
the above cases largely [think/show] police thinking .

The headlines often reflect this focus on the alleged offender 's occupation , but not quite to the same extent as in the attacks on males .
the headlines often [think/show] this focus on the alleged offender 's occupation , but not quite to the same extent as in the attacks on males .

One of the benefits of being a progressive organisation is that Abbey National is able to recruit senior financial sector professionals to roles which truly reflect their status .
one of the benefits of being a progressive organisation is that abbey national is able to recruit senior financial sector professionals to roles which truly [think/show] their status .

Salary will be commensurate with age and experience , and will reflect the level of responsibility and the unsocial hours required by the post .
salary will be commensurate with age and experience , and will [think/show] the level of responsibility and the unsocial hours required by the post .

Shiny pages can reflect uncomfortable dazzle for photophobic children , and books whose pages combine printed text interwoven with illustrations or print set against varying coloured backgrounds are generally less easy to decipher than simply set out and clearly contrasted displays .
shiny pages can [think/show] uncomfortable dazzle for photophobic children , and books whose pages combine printed text interwoven with illustrations or print set against varying coloured backgrounds are generally less easy to decipher than simply set out and clearly contrasted displays .

The centre responds to requests for productions from groups in and around Bangalore with the understanding that they are used for the purposes of education and social development and that they reflect the principles of Christian communication .
the centre responds to requests for productions from groups in and around bangalore with the understanding that they are used for the purposes of education and social development and that they [think/show] the principles of christian communication .

This can arise in dogs which are house-trained , and does not reflect a breakdown in the training process because it is an involuntary action on the dog 's part .
this can arise in dogs which are house-trained , and does not [think/show] a breakdown in the training process because it is an involuntary action on the dog 's part .

Third , the views of the innate aggressionists and their followers reflect — and implicitly reinforce — sexism , since it is usually man who is presented in the Hobbesian mould , with a sleight-of-hand extension of man into Man .
third , the views of the innate aggressionists and their followers [think/show] — and implicitly reinforce — sexism , since it is usually man who is presented in the hobbesian mould , with a sleight-of-hand extension of man into man .

The Piaroa attitudes toward food reflect their devaluation of the status of the practical hunter .
the piaroa attitudes toward food [think/show] their devaluation of the status of the practical hunter .

The constant should be adjusted to reflect fairly the nature of the actual work involved .
the constant should be adjusted to [think/show] fairly the nature of the actual work involved .

The amount at which materials are charged out to sites on stores issue notes must therefore reflect the whole of this on-cost if the stores are to be operated on a profitable basis .
the amount at which materials are charged out to sites on stores issue notes must therefore [think/show] the whole of this on-cost if the stores are to be operated on a profitable basis .

As a result the accounts produced will tend to reflect a fairly accurate view of the profitability of the business .
as a result the accounts produced will tend to [think/show] a fairly accurate view of the profitability of the business .

My appointment as team manager was a radical move on the board 's part and my policies must reflect their cavalier approach .
my appointment as team manager was a radical move on the board 's part and my policies must [think/show] their cavalier approach .

First , it may be spatial in that prices are set to reflect demand conditions in different geographical markets , those prices not reflecting different costs of supply .
first , it may be spatial in that prices are set to [think/show] demand conditions in different geographical markets , those prices not reflecting different costs of supply .

This rate will in general reflect a firm 's ( marginal ) cost of capital .
this rate will in general [think/show] a firm 's ( marginal ) cost of capital .

However , since the same idea can occur simultaneously to people in different firms who have common interests , it follows that not all apparent spillovers really reflect a flow of information between films .
however , since the same idea can occur simultaneously to people in different firms who have common interests , it follows that not all apparent spillovers really [think/show] a flow of information between films .

Write it out in full , reflect on it overnight and polish it the next day .
write it out in full , [think/show] on it overnight and polish it the next day .

Unless the context specifically demands it , regular reference to information normally left unspecified in a given language will only make the translation awkward and unnatural because it will not reflect normal ways of reporting experience in the target language .
unless the context specifically demands it , regular reference to information normally left unspecified in a given language will only make the translation awkward and unnatural because it will not [think/show] normal ways of reporting experience in the target language .

English they and French ils/elles ) , we all readily recognize the distinction and expect it to reflect a genuine aspect of experience .
english they and french ils/elles ) , we all readily recognize the distinction and expect it to [think/show] a genuine aspect of experience .

For instance , in Chinese definiteness and indefiniteness ( which reflect given and new information respectively ) are typically signalled by means of word order :
for instance , in chinese definiteness and indefiniteness ( which [think/show] given and new information respectively ) are typically signalled by means of word order :

The two texts simply address different readerships and in so doing reflect different textual preferences .
the two texts simply address different readerships and in so doing [think/show] different textual preferences .

First , since the network variable was motivated by a more general social theory , they were intended to reflect conditions which , in a number of network studies , had seemed capable of predicting the extent to which an individual became subject to group pressures .
first , since the network variable was motivated by a more general social theory , they were intended to [think/show] conditions which , in a number of network studies , had seemed capable of predicting the extent to which an individual became subject to group pressures .

But behind the apparently straightforward process of assigning numbers to variants of a variable in such a way as to reflect , reasonably faithfully , their phonetic and social relationships with each other lies a great deal of linguistic , sociological and mathematical abstraction .
but behind the apparently straightforward process of assigning numbers to variants of a variable in such a way as to [think/show] , reasonably faithfully , their phonetic and social relationships with each other lies a great deal of linguistic , sociological and mathematical abstraction .

Although it is not particularly surprising that and patterns in an idiosyncratic fashion , Neu 's comments reflect a rather general failure of items to behave reliably in a comparable way even when they appear to be tokens of the same phonological set .
although it is not particularly surprising that and patterns in an idiosyncratic fashion , neu 's comments [think/show] a rather general failure of items to behave reliably in a comparable way even when they appear to be tokens of the same phonological set .

The problem has arisen in the social sciences because classical statistics were originally developed to meet the requirements of the natural sciences and reflect a deductive style of hypothesis development which is not suitable for exploring dirty data in the context of amorphous and incomplete theories .
the problem has arisen in the social sciences because classical statistics were originally developed to meet the requirements of the natural sciences and [think/show] a deductive style of hypothesis development which is not suitable for exploring dirty data in the context of amorphous and incomplete theories .

In general , responses to direct or indirect questioning about non-standard varieties are always conditioned by speakers ' awareness of their social significance and usually reflect knowledge of the standard rules .
in general , responses to direct or indirect questioning about non-standard varieties are always conditioned by speakers ' awareness of their social significance and usually [think/show] knowledge of the standard rules .

The latter are legislative committees set up to take the committee stage of a bill and they have to reflect the division of party strength that exists on the floor of the House .
the latter are legislative committees set up to take the committee stage of a bill and they have to [think/show] the division of party strength that exists on the floor of the house .

Some would argue that these programmes did not reflect contemporary reality because ministers in the Thatcher administration were generally more assertive than their predecessors .
some would argue that these programmes did not [think/show] contemporary reality because ministers in the thatcher administration were generally more assertive than their predecessors .

The social standards of housing reflect market criteria far more than the basic physical standards .
the social standards of housing [think/show] market criteria far more than the basic physical standards .

Opinion surveys suffer from various drawbacks , the most important of which is that they reflect opinion and not necessarily behaviour .
opinion surveys suffer from various drawbacks , the most important of which is that they [think/show] opinion and not necessarily behaviour .

The treatment varies a little in different copies ; but though one always feels the mechanical copyist 's hand and the loss of the glancing metal , all convey a consistent beauty and power which surely reflect a masterpiece .
the treatment varies a little in different copies ; but though one always feels the mechanical copyist 's hand and the loss of the glancing metal , all convey a consistent beauty and power which surely [think/show] a masterpiece .

The exact relation of what we see on the vases to what was shown on the walls is something we shall have to consider , but that in some way these vase pictures do reflect the revolution in wall-painting can not be doubted .
the exact relation of what we see on the vases to what was shown on the walls is something we shall have to consider , but that in some way these vase pictures do [think/show] the revolution in wall-painting can not be doubted .

For education up to the age of 16 , the minimum school leaving age , forecasts of the number of potential pupils in a particular school or area will reflect trends in births and migration .
for education up to the age of 16 , the minimum school leaving age , forecasts of the number of potential pupils in a particular school or area will [think/show] trends in births and migration .

This means that the base year 's entry must reflect unconstrained demand .
this means that the base year 's entry must [think/show] unconstrained demand .

The first is the greater propensity of people of all ages to live alone or away from their families ; many of these are in cohabiting unions , and therefore reflect the failure of statistical presentation to keep pace with changing social trends ( Kiernan , 1986a ) .
the first is the greater propensity of people of all ages to live alone or away from their families ; many of these are in cohabiting unions , and therefore [think/show] the failure of statistical presentation to keep pace with changing social trends ( kiernan , 1986a ) .

Fourth , that such avant-garde formations , developing specific and distanced styles within the metropolis , at once reflect and compose kinds of consciousness and practice which become increasingly relevant to a social order itself developing in the directions of metropolitan and international significance beyond the nation-state and its provinces , and of a correspondingly high cultural mobility ( cf .
fourth , that such avant-garde formations , developing specific and distanced styles within the metropolis , at once [think/show] and compose kinds of consciousness and practice which become increasingly relevant to a social order itself developing in the directions of metropolitan and international significance beyond the nation-state and its provinces , and of a correspondingly high cultural mobility ( cf .

’ She paused to let the girl reflect on her questions .
’ she paused to let the girl [think/show] on her questions .

Despite the many improvements that have been made over the years , the poor pay of the farm worker therefore continues to reflect the very many constraints which surround his choice of occupation and employer in many rural areas .
despite the many improvements that have been made over the years , the poor pay of the farm worker therefore continues to [think/show] the very many constraints which surround his choice of occupation and employer in many rural areas .

Where villages contain more than one pub these , too , usually reflect the split between locals and newcomers , or , in the case of villages with only one pub , the bars may be socially divided — the locals to the public bar , the newcomers to the lounge , often ‘ modernized ’ in rustic mode for this purpose .
where villages contain more than one pub these , too , usually [think/show] the split between locals and newcomers , or , in the case of villages with only one pub , the bars may be socially divided — the locals to the public bar , the newcomers to the lounge , often ‘ modernized ’ in rustic mode for this purpose .

For example , the insistence of planning authorities upon the use of certain building materials , the standards of design and external finish and the density of housing development reflect their traditional concern with how a house or a village looks rather than who will actually live in it .
for example , the insistence of planning authorities upon the use of certain building materials , the standards of design and external finish and the density of housing development [think/show] their traditional concern with how a house or a village looks rather than who will actually live in it .

This , however , need not so much reflect a decline of the village as a social centre ( its past vitality has often been greatly exaggerated ) as the extension of a wider range of choice to those sections of the rural population whose ownership of a car or a motorcycle has granted them easier access to urban amenities .
this , however , need not so much [think/show] a decline of the village as a social centre ( its past vitality has often been greatly exaggerated ) as the extension of a wider range of choice to those sections of the rural population whose ownership of a car or a motorcycle has granted them easier access to urban amenities .

Artistic and cultural disabled-led practice which positions its gaze towards this interface begins to reflect the struggle .
artistic and cultural disabled-led practice which positions its gaze towards this interface begins to [think/show] the struggle .

Educational policies are generally arrived at through painstaking research into past and present practices , yet policies which ultimately dictate the future are rarely radical enough to reflect all the detail and ramifications of this research .
educational policies are generally arrived at through painstaking research into past and present practices , yet policies which ultimately dictate the future are rarely radical enough to [think/show] all the detail and ramifications of this research .

Given that this is the case , it is interesting and instructive to reflect on why it is that these people have decided to call us their ‘ clients ’ .
given that this is the case , it is interesting and instructive to [think/show] on why it is that these people have decided to call us their ‘ clients ’ .

Such an obligation would be particularly hard to justify given that those who join in the future will do so on financial terms that reflect the company 's situation at the time they acquire their shares .
such an obligation would be particularly hard to justify given that those who join in the future will do so on financial terms that [think/show] the company 's situation at the time they acquire their shares .

Maximising the value of the firm , however , does not entail any kind of trade-off between short- and long-term profits , since it is assumed that the firm 's present value will reflect the future proceeds of current investment .
maximising the value of the firm , however , does not entail any kind of trade-off between short- and long-term profits , since it is assumed that the firm 's present value will [think/show] the future proceeds of current investment .

Linking rewards to share price movements overcomes the latter problem , but whether it will instil a more forward-looking perspective depends on how well stock prices reflect a company 's future prospects , a matter on which there is some doubt .
linking rewards to share price movements overcomes the latter problem , but whether it will instil a more forward-looking perspective depends on how well stock prices [think/show] a company 's future prospects , a matter on which there is some doubt .

An alternative approach is to measure share price changes ; prices at any given time reflect the market 's estimate of future performance and if it is assumed that this estimate is reliable then a comparison of ‘ before and after ’ figures should provide an accurate guide to the change in earning potential brought about by merger .
an alternative approach is to measure share price changes ; prices at any given time [think/show] the market 's estimate of future performance and if it is assumed that this estimate is reliable then a comparison of ‘ before and after ’ figures should provide an accurate guide to the change in earning potential brought about by merger .

According to corporate finance theory , ‘ the share price of any company should reflect the present value of the company 's stream of future cash flows ’ .
according to corporate finance theory , ‘ the share price of any company should [think/show] the present value of the company 's stream of future cash flows ’ .

In other words , the current price of a company 's shares should reflect expected future returns .
in other words , the current price of a company 's shares should [think/show] expected future returns .

Similarly , if prices accurately reflect long-term prospects , a fund manager required to improve short-term performance can do so only by identifying and buying under-valued shares , and identifying and selling over-valued ones , which in turn depends on a balanced evaluation of both the company 's short- and long-term position .
similarly , if prices accurately [think/show] long-term prospects , a fund manager required to improve short-term performance can do so only by identifying and buying under-valued shares , and identifying and selling over-valued ones , which in turn depends on a balanced evaluation of both the company 's short- and long-term position .

As all of these may have default options , it is important that the designer should make positive decisions about them and ensure that the file does reflect the design intended for it .
as all of these may have default options , it is important that the designer should make positive decisions about them and ensure that the file does [think/show] the design intended for it .

The majority of the electorate are only marginally politically conscious , and the personalisation of political issues and allegiances reflect this marginality .
the majority of the electorate are only marginally politically conscious , and the personalisation of political issues and allegiances [think/show] this marginality .

This was a somewhat idealised view which did not truly reflect the political reality in England at the time .
this was a somewhat idealised view which did not truly [think/show] the political reality in england at the time .

Both sides reflect this duality .
both sides [think/show] this duality .

This chapter does not include Local Ecumenical Projects ( LEPs ) , which normally reflect a combination of the worship and music of their constituent denominations .
this chapter does not include local ecumenical projects ( leps ) , which normally [think/show] a combination of the worship and music of their constituent denominations .

These are marked by lusty singing and strong rhythms and reflect very much the extrovert nature of the worshippers .
these are marked by lusty singing and strong rhythms and [think/show] very much the extrovert nature of the worshippers .

Theories of gender and education have , to some extent , mirrored those on class and education : there are those who believe that inequality is caused by the differential socialization of girls and boys ( in a sense , that girls are ‘ culturally deprived ’ ) and that this can be overcome through removing prejudice ; there are also those ( e.g. Spender 1982 ; Mahony 1985 ) who believe that schools both reflect and reproduce patriarchal relations .
theories of gender and education have , to some extent , mirrored those on class and education : there are those who believe that inequality is caused by the differential socialization of girls and boys ( in a sense , that girls are ‘ culturally deprived ’ ) and that this can be overcome through removing prejudice ; there are also those ( e.g. spender 1982 ; mahony 1985 ) who believe that schools both [think/show] and reproduce patriarchal relations .

However , this does leave us with the unanswered question of the extent to which schools reflect social practices and the extent to which they shape them .
however , this does leave us with the unanswered question of the extent to which schools [think/show] social practices and the extent to which they shape them .

The earnings-related supplement , which was introduced in 1966 so that the value of unemployment benefit would more accurately reflect the income that a claimant enjoyed while employed , has been abolished .
the earnings-related supplement , which was introduced in 1966 so that the value of unemployment benefit would more accurately [think/show] the income that a claimant enjoyed while employed , has been abolished .

The nature of the curriculum will need to reflect its general aims , its content and the level at which it is pitched .
the nature of the curriculum will need to [think/show] its general aims , its content and the level at which it is pitched .

In practice , too , all three dimensions are always present ; the differences between school curricula reflect the relative priority accorded to one dimension or another .
in practice , too , all three dimensions are always present ; the differences between school curricula [think/show] the relative priority accorded to one dimension or another .

No doubt such structures reflect not only assumptions about the structure of knowledge , but more mundane matters such as the existing groupings of staff , the physical location of sites , historical accident and the current pressures to retrench and regroup .
no doubt such structures [think/show] not only assumptions about the structure of knowledge , but more mundane matters such as the existing groupings of staff , the physical location of sites , historical accident and the current pressures to retrench and regroup .

Methodological arguments may reflect deeper disagreements about stance , for example between empirical sociologists and ethnomethodologists .
methodological arguments may [think/show] deeper disagreements about stance , for example between empirical sociologists and ethnomethodologists .

The range in the size of the core is striking , and may reflect various factors : the ‘ internal logic ’ of the discipline , professional requirements , student attitudes , even staff shortages .
the range in the size of the core is striking , and may [think/show] various factors : the ‘ internal logic ’ of the discipline , professional requirements , student attitudes , even staff shortages .

The past ten years have seen striking changes which reflect social changes .
the past ten years have seen striking changes which [think/show] social changes .

One can distinguish between cyclical changes , which reflect the buoyancy or depression of the economy , and structural changes , which are longer-term shifts in the pattern of employment .
one can distinguish between cyclical changes , which [think/show] the buoyancy or depression of the economy , and structural changes , which are longer-term shifts in the pattern of employment .

It can refer to the growth of influence of the natural and social sciences as bodies of knowledge which underpin practice in fields such as medicine , pharmacy , agriculture , engineering , architecture or social work ; it can refer to the increased importance of mathematics or computing in some fields ; it can refer to the attempt to develop models or theories of practice itself , for example in the fields of management , nursing or teaching , or it may simply reflect the enlargement of the off-the-job element in professional education .
it can refer to the growth of influence of the natural and social sciences as bodies of knowledge which underpin practice in fields such as medicine , pharmacy , agriculture , engineering , architecture or social work ; it can refer to the increased importance of mathematics or computing in some fields ; it can refer to the attempt to develop models or theories of practice itself , for example in the fields of management , nursing or teaching , or it may simply [think/show] the enlargement of the off-the-job element in professional education .

If professional courses are geared ultimately to the external world of practice , the pattern and content of academic courses reflect the internal nature , logic or demands of the discipline . But what kinds of demands are they ? And in what sense are they internal ? And what is a discipline ?
if professional courses are geared ultimately to the external world of practice , the pattern and content of academic courses [think/show] the internal nature , logic or demands of the discipline . but what kinds of demands are they ? and in what sense are they internal ? and what is a discipline ?

In general , however , the concept of an academic curriculum has been less well explored in recent years than that of a professional curriculum , and what follows here will reflect that fact .
in general , however , the concept of an academic curriculum has been less well explored in recent years than that of a professional curriculum , and what follows here will [think/show] that fact .

If the structures of knowledge that exist do reflect the structures of the real world , then any attempt to modify or erode them is likely to be unproductive .
if the structures of knowledge that exist do [think/show] the structures of the real world , then any attempt to modify or erode them is likely to be unproductive .

It is difficult for anyone to slow down the behaviour that they produce in milliseconds during a real meeting in order to reflect on it and change it .
it is difficult for anyone to slow down the behaviour that they produce in milliseconds during a real meeting in order to [think/show] on it and change it .

The practice can occur in actual business meetings where they set aside some time to make it possible to reflect on their actions and to correct them .
the practice can occur in actual business meetings where they set aside some time to make it possible to [think/show] on their actions and to correct them .

Our thoughts , everyday routines and even our dreams reflect the son of society in which we live .
our thoughts , everyday routines and even our dreams [think/show] the son of society in which we live .

Of course , the differences over strategy and party structure may reflect different assessments of the nature of state power .
of course , the differences over strategy and party structure may [think/show] different assessments of the nature of state power .

Similarly , the distinction between ‘ old-fashioned ’ and ‘ modern racism ’ may not always be a distinction in kind , but may reflect an ability to provide justifications , often post hoc , for views and positions .
similarly , the distinction between ‘ old-fashioned ’ and ‘ modern racism ’ may not always be a distinction in kind , but may [think/show] an ability to provide justifications , often post hoc , for views and positions .

In this literature , questions have been raised around a whole host of categories , relating to how far objects signify , symbolize , connote , denote , realize , constitute , reflect , embody and perhaps also objectify .
in this literature , questions have been raised around a whole host of categories , relating to how far objects signify , symbolize , connote , denote , realize , constitute , [think/show] , embody and perhaps also objectify .

As noted in chapter 4 , social anthropology has tended to privilege society and social structure as prior phenomena which posses a certain profound reality , and in this tradition patterns located in objects might be held to reflect back to some social division or model from which they derive their source and significance .
as noted in chapter 4 , social anthropology has tended to privilege society and social structure as prior phenomena which posses a certain profound reality , and in this tradition patterns located in objects might be held to [think/show] back to some social division or model from which they derive their source and significance .

In a period of strong social stratification , objects tend to reflect given social hierarchies .
in a period of strong social stratification , objects tend to [think/show] given social hierarchies .

It accounts for the way in which goods not merely reflect distinction , but are an instrument of it .
it accounts for the way in which goods not merely [think/show] distinction , but are an instrument of it .

This refers to the increase in the volume of exports after allowance has been made for inflation ; it does not simply reflect the increased prices of goods .
this refers to the increase in the volume of exports after allowance has been made for inflation ; it does not simply [think/show] the increased prices of goods .

So , once again , the measure which is adopted in the definition of deindustrialization must reflect the underlying concern behind the question .
so , once again , the measure which is adopted in the definition of deindustrialization must [think/show] the underlying concern behind the question .

The degree to which that spatial division of labour is one of regional inequality ( uneven development ) will reflect :
the degree to which that spatial division of labour is one of regional inequality ( uneven development ) will [think/show] :

The unfortunate side of such a policy is that those responsible for such leaks may , on other occasions , be perfectly happy to follow the status quo or actively participate in a policy of nondisclosure if such disclosure is likely to reflect upon themselves .
the unfortunate side of such a policy is that those responsible for such leaks may , on other occasions , be perfectly happy to follow the status quo or actively participate in a policy of nondisclosure if such disclosure is likely to [think/show] upon themselves .

With regard to secondary benefits , we need worry about secondary benefits or costs only to the extent that market prices fail to reflect marginal costs and benefits .
with regard to secondary benefits , we need worry about secondary benefits or costs only to the extent that market prices fail to [think/show] marginal costs and benefits .

Many current government programmes reflect major attempts to improve social and economic conditions in an increasingly complex society .
many current government programmes [think/show] major attempts to improve social and economic conditions in an increasingly complex society .

Nor , conversely , did it enable the planning figures to reflect the government 's stance on public service pay since then .
nor , conversely , did it enable the planning figures to [think/show] the government 's stance on public service pay since then .

Different arrangements reflect cultural responses to perceptions of environmental constraints and opportunities , perceptions which may alter as the environmental context changes , thereby provoking changes in the cultural system too .
different arrangements [think/show] cultural responses to perceptions of environmental constraints and opportunities , perceptions which may alter as the environmental context changes , thereby provoking changes in the cultural system too .

Liberal democracy describes the political system in a number of countries that meet certain criteria , such as the freedoms to form and join organizations , to express opinions , to vote and to compete for votes and to stand for public office , plus the holding of free and fair elections and the existence of institutions which ensure that government policies reflect popularly expressed preferences ( Johnston , 1989d , after Dahl , 1978 ) .
liberal democracy describes the political system in a number of countries that meet certain criteria , such as the freedoms to form and join organizations , to express opinions , to vote and to compete for votes and to stand for public office , plus the holding of free and fair elections and the existence of institutions which ensure that government policies [think/show] popularly expressed preferences ( johnston , 1989d , after dahl , 1978 ) .

For the present purposes , however , the model 's general validity for European societies pre 1980 illustrates that although a state is necessary in a capitalist economic system its particular form can vary substantially to reflect local circumstances : form and function should not be confused .
for the present purposes , however , the model 's general validity for european societies pre 1980 illustrates that although a state is necessary in a capitalist economic system its particular form can vary substantially to [think/show] local circumstances : form and function should not be confused .

The implications of the arguments about the nature of regions and places reviewed in the previous chapter are that the pattern just described should reflect long-established cultural differences between the places concerned .
the implications of the arguments about the nature of regions and places reviewed in the previous chapter are that the pattern just described should [think/show] long-established cultural differences between the places concerned .

Some of the changes , indeed , reflect their own personal preferences for a ‘ scientific ’ approach ; science is an aid in their mission .
some of the changes , indeed , [think/show] their own personal preferences for a ‘ scientific ’ approach ; science is an aid in their mission .

But , as in other areas of enforcement activity , the quantitative measures available in pollution control have only limited utility since , like crime rates , statistics of ‘ pollution ’ and ‘ compliance ’ reflect the behaviour of enforcement agents rather than some ‘ objective ’ measurement of the phenomena themselves ( Cicourel , 1968 ) .
but , as in other areas of enforcement activity , the quantitative measures available in pollution control have only limited utility since , like crime rates , statistics of ‘ pollution ’ and ‘ compliance ’ [think/show] the behaviour of enforcement agents rather than some ‘ objective ’ measurement of the phenomena themselves ( cicourel , 1968 ) .

Though theoretically any discharger is subject to the scrutiny of field men , enforcement activity is focused further and patterned to reflect a variety of assumptions held by agency staff about the likely location of pollution .
though theoretically any discharger is subject to the scrutiny of field men , enforcement activity is focused further and patterned to [think/show] a variety of assumptions held by agency staff about the likely location of pollution .

Paradigmatic relations , for the most part , reflect the way infinitely and continuously varied experienced reality is apprehended and controlled through being categorised , subcategorised and graded along specific dimensions of variation .
paradigmatic relations , for the most part , [think/show] the way infinitely and continuously varied experienced reality is apprehended and controlled through being categorised , subcategorised and graded along specific dimensions of variation .

Moreover , when its characters stay at home , the walls of their houses , though rarely described in any detail , reflect the values and aspirations of Palladian architecture .
moreover , when its characters stay at home , the walls of their houses , though rarely described in any detail , [think/show] the values and aspirations of palladian architecture .

We are told much less of Mrs Tibbs 's appearance — only , indeed , that she is ‘ somewhat short in stature ’ — while the opening sentence , which describes her personality , is comparatively so brief that she seems to reflect the house , not vice versa .
we are told much less of mrs tibbs 's appearance — only , indeed , that she is ‘ somewhat short in stature ’ — while the opening sentence , which describes her personality , is comparatively so brief that she seems to [think/show] the house , not vice versa .

Great wealth can no longer disguise an absence of true values : the mirrors in Mr Dombey 's ice-palace reflect the chilling image of a marriage based on purchase ; the roses on his wallpaper and carpets are set about with thorns .
great wealth can no longer disguise an absence of true values : the mirrors in mr dombey 's ice-palace [think/show] the chilling image of a marriage based on purchase ; the roses on his wallpaper and carpets are set about with thorns .

Positions taken in relation to it will usually reflect markedly different perspectives regarding the position of people in organisations .
positions taken in relation to it will usually [think/show] markedly different perspectives regarding the position of people in organisations .

Teachers appear to be more willing to support the development of a common core curriculum ( Venning , 1979 ; Wicksteed & Hill , 1979 ) : a change that is mirrored by opinions in the ‘ Week by Week ’ column of Education ( 2 Nov. 1979 : 11 Jan. 1980 ) which tries to reflect the current climate .
teachers appear to be more willing to support the development of a common core curriculum ( venning , 1979 ; wicksteed & hill , 1979 ) : a change that is mirrored by opinions in the ‘ week by week ’ column of education ( 2 nov. 1979 : 11 jan. 1980 ) which tries to [think/show] the current climate .

It should aspire to reflect the processes of teaching , learning and schooling in order to educate judgements about the adequacy of educational provision and the quality of experience pupils have .
it should aspire to [think/show] the processes of teaching , learning and schooling in order to educate judgements about the adequacy of educational provision and the quality of experience pupils have .

Moreover , those published have never been analysed to see whether they reflect the theory .
moreover , those published have never been analysed to see whether they [think/show] the theory .

Again however the emphasis is on co-operative effort and , at the end of the 1979/80 year , the school set about producing review reports that would ‘ collectively reflect the ways in which staff plan and organise children 's learning ’ .
again however the emphasis is on co-operative effort and , at the end of the 1979/80 year , the school set about producing review reports that would ‘ collectively [think/show] the ways in which staff plan and organise children 's learning ’ .

Professor Hoskins was right to reflect on what might have happened if parliamentary enclosure had taken place today .
professor hoskins was right to [think/show] on what might have happened if parliamentary enclosure had taken place today .

These right-angled bends in the road , whatever the date of the enclosure award may be , reflect some stage in the medieval colonisation of the parish when a new furlong , brought in from the waste perhaps in the twelfth or the thirteenth century , cut across the direct path to the next village and forced it to make a sudden turn for a few yards before resuming its onward course .
these right-angled bends in the road , whatever the date of the enclosure award may be , [think/show] some stage in the medieval colonisation of the parish when a new furlong , brought in from the waste perhaps in the twelfth or the thirteenth century , cut across the direct path to the next village and forced it to make a sudden turn for a few yards before resuming its onward course .

Despite these real successes , however , my sense is that now is a time to take stock and to reflect on the theoretical , pedagogic and political foundations of multiculturalism and antiracism .
despite these real successes , however , my sense is that now is a time to take stock and to [think/show] on the theoretical , pedagogic and political foundations of multiculturalism and antiracism .

In the first case , they are held to reflect or express social realities external to them and to need no further analysis than that .
in the first case , they are held to [think/show] or express social realities external to them and to need no further analysis than that .

This is a fairy story version of race relations and it may reflect the hubris or wishful thinking of an intelligentsia which sets up its own preferred cultural practices as a referential model for everyone else .
this is a fairy story version of race relations and it may [think/show] the hubris or wishful thinking of an intelligentsia which sets up its own preferred cultural practices as a referential model for everyone else .

The different characters of the two Nile banks reflect the contrast between the two deserts .
the different characters of the two nile banks [think/show] the contrast between the two deserts .

Campbell was little concerned with the lives of ordinary seamen ; nor did he reflect the alarm which many of his contemporaries felt about the sea and the behaviour of those who sailed on it .
campbell was little concerned with the lives of ordinary seamen ; nor did he [think/show] the alarm which many of his contemporaries felt about the sea and the behaviour of those who sailed on it .

Sub-assemblies reflect information on both the higher level assemblies and the lower piece parts .
sub-assemblies [think/show] information on both the higher level assemblies and the lower piece parts .

These factors reflect a company 's attitude to its market and products , the designer 's style , current trends and the influence of competitors .
these factors [think/show] a company 's attitude to its market and products , the designer 's style , current trends and the influence of competitors .

It is odd to reflect that the firmest objective record of what we experienced now lies in the films — themselves mere illusory genii of chemicals and light , bound to 400-foot reels of processed trees and silver .
it is odd to [think/show] that the firmest objective record of what we experienced now lies in the films — themselves mere illusory genii of chemicals and light , bound to 400-foot reels of processed trees and silver .

The disturbances it creates bounce off objects , which are then sensed by the water waves they reflect .
the disturbances it creates bounce off objects , which are then sensed by the water waves they [think/show] .

Their ultrasonic squeaks or tongue clicks reflect off objects as small as grass stems and , supplemented by their other senses , help these animals find their way around .
their ultrasonic squeaks or tongue clicks [think/show] off objects as small as grass stems and , supplemented by their other senses , help these animals find their way around .

Using a range of frequencies also has the advantage that the different wavelengths reflect off different parts of an object , revealing fine detail .
using a range of frequencies also has the advantage that the different wavelengths [think/show] off different parts of an object , revealing fine detail .

Where the accounts are those of a group , the statement of source and application of funds should reflect the operations of the group .
where the accounts are those of a group , the statement of source and application of funds should [think/show] the operations of the group .

The frequent finding of a left visual hemifield advantage in the perception or discrimination of line orientation may reflect an overall right hemisphere superiority for tasks which stress the spatial arrangement of elements in a stimulus display ( Gross , 1972 ; Kimura and Durnford , 1974 ; Robertshaw and Sheldon , 1976 ; Pitblado , 1979a ) .
the frequent finding of a left visual hemifield advantage in the perception or discrimination of line orientation may [think/show] an overall right hemisphere superiority for tasks which stress the spatial arrangement of elements in a stimulus display ( gross , 1972 ; kimura and durnford , 1974 ; robertshaw and sheldon , 1976 ; pitblado , 1979a ) .

Since the strategy which a subject adopts towards an experimental task is under his own control , unless otherwise constrained , any visual field asymmetry found in a particular experiment is as likely to reflect aspects of information processing as any intrinsic difference between the hemispheres for the task in question ( e.g .
since the strategy which a subject adopts towards an experimental task is under his own control , unless otherwise constrained , any visual field asymmetry found in a particular experiment is as likely to [think/show] aspects of information processing as any intrinsic difference between the hemispheres for the task in question ( e.g .

Thus although Kimura 's original findings related ear asymmetry to the hemispheric side of speech production it is possible that differences between the ears reflect asymmetry between the hemispheres in speech perception rather than production .
thus although kimura 's original findings related ear asymmetry to the hemispheric side of speech production it is possible that differences between the ears [think/show] asymmetry between the hemispheres in speech perception rather than production .

Since electrical stimulation of the exposed cortex of one hemisphere can induce a deviation in eye gaze towards the opposite side ( Penfield and Roberts , 1959 ) it is conceivable that naturally occurring lateral eye movements reflect , at least in some circumstances , asymmetrical activity in the two hemispheres .
since electrical stimulation of the exposed cortex of one hemisphere can induce a deviation in eye gaze towards the opposite side ( penfield and roberts , 1959 ) it is conceivable that naturally occurring lateral eye movements [think/show] , at least in some circumstances , asymmetrical activity in the two hemispheres .

The issue as to whether lateral eye movements are an enduring characteristic of an individual , as thought to be the case by Day ( 1964 ) , or whether they reflect transient shifts in hemispheric activation , as conceived by Kinsbourne , was taken up by Gur , Gur and Harris ( 1975 ) .
the issue as to whether lateral eye movements are an enduring characteristic of an individual , as thought to be the case by day ( 1964 ) , or whether they [think/show] transient shifts in hemispheric activation , as conceived by kinsbourne , was taken up by gur , gur and harris ( 1975 ) .

It is claimed that left lateral eye movements reflect relatively greater right than left hemisphere activation .
it is claimed that left lateral eye movements [think/show] relatively greater right than left hemisphere activation .

Although these findings were considered in the context of differential hemispheric activation , they might more parsimoniously be thought to reflect no more than the fact that people wish to be able to look at a blackboard in the middle of the room .
although these findings were considered in the context of differential hemispheric activation , they might more parsimoniously be thought to [think/show] no more than the fact that people wish to be able to look at a blackboard in the middle of the room .

In other words these workers examined the usual question in reverse by asking not whether direction of eye gaze would reflect differential hemispheric , but whether forced direction of eye gaze would induce asymmetrical activation and hence determine choice of processing mode .
in other words these workers examined the usual question in reverse by asking not whether direction of eye gaze would [think/show] differential hemispheric , but whether forced direction of eye gaze would induce asymmetrical activation and hence determine choice of processing mode .

In order to reflect a relative difference between the ear or half fields a laterality coefficient may be computed according to the formula
in order to [think/show] a relative difference between the ear or half fields a laterality coefficient may be computed according to the formula

The specificity of such `` cortical command potentials ' ( Ertl and Schafer , 1967 ) led Schafer to suggest that they might reflect the process of selecting particular speech sounds .
the specificity of such `` cortical command potentials ' ( ertl and schafer , 1967 ) led schafer to suggest that they might [think/show] the process of selecting particular speech sounds .

The observed left field advantage may therefore reflect not a `` linguistic `` process but a process of matching based on purely visual features of the letters to be compared .
the observed left field advantage may therefore [think/show] not a `` linguistic `` process but a process of matching based on purely visual features of the letters to be compared .

It ran beside a broad , shaded boulevard of feathery pepper trees , and the sudden sight of European-style buildings made him reflect that the jungles , fields and villages through which they 'd been moving for the past few hours had remained unchanging throughout many centuries .
it ran beside a broad , shaded boulevard of feathery pepper trees , and the sudden sight of european-style buildings made him [think/show] that the jungles , fields and villages through which they 'd been moving for the past few hours had remained unchanging throughout many centuries .

Use the time to reflect on your disgraceful behaviour — and resolve never to disobey me again . ``
use the time to [think/show] on your disgraceful behaviour — and resolve never to disobey me again . ``

Be prepared to reflect upon and discuss difficult or controversial points in your reading .
be prepared to [think/show] upon and discuss difficult or controversial points in your reading .

( a ) reflect upon both the historical subject matter and the form and content of your notes .
( a ) [think/show] upon both the historical subject matter and the form and content of your notes .

Do not censor this flow of information or consciously reflect upon it .
do not censor this flow of information or consciously [think/show] upon it .

The questions which are tackled at Advanced level reflect the many aspects and problems of History as a subject .
the questions which are tackled at advanced level [think/show] the many aspects and problems of history as a subject .

In fact , such images do to a large extent reflect both the climatic and the historical reality of Siberia .
in fact , such images do to a large extent [think/show] both the climatic and the historical reality of siberia .

Their flattened bellies reflect their bottom-dwelling and fast water lifestyles , and they have rasping teeth in their suckermouths , which are designed to allow them to fasten onto the rocks and hold firm .
their flattened bellies [think/show] their bottom-dwelling and fast water lifestyles , and they have rasping teeth in their suckermouths , which are designed to allow them to fasten onto the rocks and hold firm .

After one action , students return to dialogue to reflect on their successes and failures , to re-listen for the key issues raised by the action , and to strategize new directions for actions .
after one action , students return to dialogue to [think/show] on their successes and failures , to re-listen for the key issues raised by the action , and to strategize new directions for actions .

McIlvanney therefore was ideally placed to reflect the changing relationship between sport and society , bringing an invigorating attitude an new , direct style of writing to bear , as ‘ play ’ suddenly got serious .
mcilvanney therefore was ideally placed to [think/show] the changing relationship between sport and society , bringing an invigorating attitude an new , direct style of writing to bear , as ‘ play ’ suddenly got serious .

In the same way , beliefs and values will reflect and legitimate the relations of production .
in the same way , beliefs and values will [think/show] and legitimate the relations of production .

It will thus reflect the interests of the dominant group in the relations of production .
it will thus [think/show] the interests of the dominant group in the relations of production .

In particular , the political and legal systems will reflect ruling class interests since , in Marx 's words , ‘ The existing relations of production between individuals must necessarily express themselves also as political and legal relations ’ .
in particular , the political and legal systems will [think/show] ruling class interests since , in marx 's words , ‘ the existing relations of production between individuals must necessarily express themselves also as political and legal relations ’ .

They denote the high regard in which professionals are held and reflect the value of their contribution to society .
they denote the high regard in which professionals are held and [think/show] the value of their contribution to society .

The guidelines are widely believed to reflect the personal antipathy towards animal experiments of the foundation 's chairman , Lord Wolfson .
the guidelines are widely believed to [think/show] the personal antipathy towards animal experiments of the foundation 's chairman , lord wolfson .

But once pounds and deutschmarks and francs and lira were all competing against each other in every high street , their exchange rates would always reflect what each currency could actually buy .
but once pounds and deutschmarks and francs and lira were all competing against each other in every high street , their exchange rates would always [think/show] what each currency could actually buy .

Nor was this a purely archaic problem : the border trouble with Megara in the 460s may reflect population pressure in the Corinthia .
nor was this a purely archaic problem : the border trouble with megara in the 460s may [think/show] population pressure in the corinthia .

The politics of Corinth reflect the prosperity of its agriculture and commerce .
the politics of corinth [think/show] the prosperity of its agriculture and commerce .

Out-migration is also socially selective in terms of education and employment aspirations , which in turn reflect social class .
out-migration is also socially selective in terms of education and employment aspirations , which in turn [think/show] social class .

Second , there are ‘ coupling constraints ’ , which reflect individuals ' commitments to engage in specific activities at specific times ( work , school , or appointments ) which may be at odds with the timing of public transport services .
second , there are ‘ coupling constraints ’ , which [think/show] individuals ' commitments to engage in specific activities at specific times ( work , school , or appointments ) which may be at odds with the timing of public transport services .

Therefore successful schemes will reflect a combination of the ‘ good ’ design perceptions of both planners and architects , within the financial constraints imposed by the developer .
therefore successful schemes will [think/show] a combination of the ‘ good ’ design perceptions of both planners and architects , within the financial constraints imposed by the developer .

It is now clearly established that a juvenile who pleads guilty to an offence or series of offences for which the maximum term of custody is a sentence of 12 months ' detention in a young offender institution should normally receive an appropriate discount to reflect his plea , subject to the general principles governing the award of a discount .
it is now clearly established that a juvenile who pleads guilty to an offence or series of offences for which the maximum term of custody is a sentence of 12 months ' detention in a young offender institution should normally receive an appropriate discount to [think/show] his plea , subject to the general principles governing the award of a discount .

The sentence imposed by the Court of Appeal presumably incorporates a discount to reflect the fact that the offender had to face the prospect of being sentenced a second time , but there is no indication of the extent of the discount : the case is therefore of limited value as an indication of what the proper sentence would have been at first instance .
the sentence imposed by the court of appeal presumably incorporates a discount to [think/show] the fact that the offender had to face the prospect of being sentenced a second time , but there is no indication of the extent of the discount : the case is therefore of limited value as an indication of what the proper sentence would have been at first instance .

The point is that almost any configuration of events with which an individual is likely to be associated in public carries the risk of a worst possible meaning which might reflect unfavourably upon him , and it is a sign of intact mental functioning that one recognises this risk , without of course being incapacitated by the thought , and at the same time that one is equipped to perform repair work if and when infractions occur .
the point is that almost any configuration of events with which an individual is likely to be associated in public carries the risk of a worst possible meaning which might [think/show] unfavourably upon him , and it is a sign of intact mental functioning that one recognises this risk , without of course being incapacitated by the thought , and at the same time that one is equipped to perform repair work if and when infractions occur .

Alternatively , in the extension of the tradition by the Schoenbergian avant garde , dissonance is felt to reflect an agonized response to the reified stability associated with ( absent ) consonance .
alternatively , in the extension of the tradition by the schoenbergian avant garde , dissonance is felt to [think/show] an agonized response to the reified stability associated with ( absent ) consonance .

This does not reflect a radical social openness or free circulation of agents between social positions , since the offspring of the higher occupational grades still have a much greater relative chance of ending up in those grades than people from lower occupational backgrounds , but all the same it represents de facto social mobility on a large scale .
this does not [think/show] a radical social openness or free circulation of agents between social positions , since the offspring of the higher occupational grades still have a much greater relative chance of ending up in those grades than people from lower occupational backgrounds , but all the same it represents de facto social mobility on a large scale .

But this is just the mirror image of the bourgeois view that whenever workers take a militant stance this must be due to manipulation by agitators , and again does not reflect people 's considered judgement .
but this is just the mirror image of the bourgeois view that whenever workers take a militant stance this must be due to manipulation by agitators , and again does not [think/show] people 's considered judgement .

It follows that the nature of jewellery is bound to reflect in some measure the structure and activities of the society in which it was current .
it follows that the nature of jewellery is bound to [think/show] in some measure the structure and activities of the society in which it was current .

Exotic substances owed part of their prestige to their mere difference from ones available in the home environment , but even more to the fact that obtaining them from a distance might and in civilized societies normally did reflect the exercise of power .
exotic substances owed part of their prestige to their mere difference from ones available in the home environment , but even more to the fact that obtaining them from a distance might and in civilized societies normally did [think/show] the exercise of power .

It was only when lapidaries had discovered how to release the fire of diamonds by cutting them at angles devised to admit and reflect the maximum amount of light that the coloured varieties of transparent stones were subjected to the same treatment .
it was only when lapidaries had discovered how to release the fire of diamonds by cutting them at angles devised to admit and [think/show] the maximum amount of light that the coloured varieties of transparent stones were subjected to the same treatment .

From the thirteenth century European lapidaries conducted active experiments in cleaving diamond crystals and in learning how to shape them in ways best calculated to admit and reflect the maximum light ( fig .
from the thirteenth century european lapidaries conducted active experiments in cleaving diamond crystals and in learning how to shape them in ways best calculated to admit and [think/show] the maximum light ( fig .

It appears to reflect a course of practice , developed during the latter part of the 19th century , to abstain from questioning , not after charge , but after the suspect had been taken into custody ; and it appears that in general any evidence obtained from such questioning was regarded as inadmissible : see Archbold 's Criminal Pleading Evidence & Practice , 28th ed .
it appears to [think/show] a course of practice , developed during the latter part of the 19th century , to abstain from questioning , not after charge , but after the suspect had been taken into custody ; and it appears that in general any evidence obtained from such questioning was regarded as inadmissible : see archbold 's criminal pleading evidence & practice , 28th ed .

The punishment for grave crimes should adequately reflect the revulsion felt by the great majority of citizens for them .
the punishment for grave crimes should adequately [think/show] the revulsion felt by the great majority of citizens for them .

The story you choose should reflect the theme you want to write about .
the story you choose should [think/show] the theme you want to write about .

You can so aim your plot that the events you will have to describe reflect on whatever current preoccupation of society it is that has fired your imagination ; your theme .
you can so aim your plot that the events you will have to describe [think/show] on whatever current preoccupation of society it is that has fired your imagination ; your theme .

The poems reflect the life and times of the people who created them , their moral values , their understanding of their own history , their hopes and fears for themselves as individuals , and , above all , their consciousness of belonging to a community under threat from alien forces .
the poems [think/show] the life and times of the people who created them , their moral values , their understanding of their own history , their hopes and fears for themselves as individuals , and , above all , their consciousness of belonging to a community under threat from alien forces .

If there is a change in the definition of the index during the life of an arbitrage transaction , the portfolio of shares ( long or short ) must be immediately adjusted to reflect the new definition of the index .
if there is a change in the definition of the index during the life of an arbitrage transaction , the portfolio of shares ( long or short ) must be immediately adjusted to [think/show] the new definition of the index .

Thus , share prices reflect less information than before the introduction of index futures .
thus , share prices [think/show] less information than before the introduction of index futures .

Because of the ease of trading in futures , index futures may reflect new information faster than spot markets ( that is , they provide a leading indicator of share price movements ) .
because of the ease of trading in futures , index futures may [think/show] new information faster than spot markets ( that is , they provide a leading indicator of share price movements ) .

If a new piece of information arrives which is bullish , traders will immediately bid up the price of futures , so the next trade should fully reflect the new information .
if a new piece of information arrives which is bullish , traders will immediately bid up the price of futures , so the next trade should fully [think/show] the new information .

Joan Higgins has suggested that both rest upon rational models of political action , in which actors have motives and are able to frame policies that accurately reflect their intentions .
joan higgins has suggested that both rest upon rational models of political action , in which actors have motives and are able to frame policies that accurately [think/show] their intentions .

They are passed by Parliament and are subject to debate and discussion , and reflect party political views on the nature of social problems .
they are passed by parliament and are subject to debate and discussion , and [think/show] party political views on the nature of social problems .

The associations with head circumference and thinness must therefore reflect reduced fetal growth .
the associations with head circumference and thinness must therefore [think/show] reduced fetal growth .

We suggest that small head circumference and thinness at birth reflect patterns of fetal growth associated with changes in certain tissues , including blood vessels and the endocrine pancreas .
we suggest that small head circumference and thinness at birth [think/show] patterns of fetal growth associated with changes in certain tissues , including blood vessels and the endocrine pancreas .

These high mean ages at onset and the absence of difference in uptake between hypertensives and controls reflect the history of oral contraception , which became available in the early 1960s and made rapid progress in this village , with our support .
these high mean ages at onset and the absence of difference in uptake between hypertensives and controls [think/show] the history of oral contraception , which became available in the early 1960s and made rapid progress in this village , with our support .

Remember , your speech will reflect not only on those you are speaking about but upon yourself .
remember , your speech will [think/show] not only on those you are speaking about but upon yourself .

Firstly , so that those who are slow know when the joke ends , or can have a moment to reflect and catch the subtleties of any double entendre .
firstly , so that those who are slow know when the joke ends , or can have a moment to [think/show] and catch the subtleties of any double entendre .

These women 's experiences reflect the disenfranchisement and casualisation of many women 's work .
these women 's experiences [think/show] the disenfranchisement and casualisation of many women 's work .

These changes do reflect a recognition of the growing importance of part-time work ( which is where most of the new jobs have been created in recent years ) and a recognition that full-time work is difficult for many lone mothers to sustain , given their domestic responsibilities .
these changes do [think/show] a recognition of the growing importance of part-time work ( which is where most of the new jobs have been created in recent years ) and a recognition that full-time work is difficult for many lone mothers to sustain , given their domestic responsibilities .

An adequate explanation of the greater incidence of poverty among women in old age must reflect on the social and economic status of women before as well as after retirement and , therefore , the systems of distribution which determine status and access to resources .
an adequate explanation of the greater incidence of poverty among women in old age must [think/show] on the social and economic status of women before as well as after retirement and , therefore , the systems of distribution which determine status and access to resources .

Moreover , this account has demonstrated that social policies themselves reflect the paternalistic assumptions embedded in capitalist relations .
moreover , this account has demonstrated that social policies themselves [think/show] the paternalistic assumptions embedded in capitalist relations .

Such practices reflect pre-war pension policies which , from the point at which women first began to enter white-collar employment , were clearly geared towards the recruitment of successive cohorts of low-paid young women for routine duties , a rapid turnover being ensured via the marriage bar .
such practices [think/show] pre-war pension policies which , from the point at which women first began to enter white-collar employment , were clearly geared towards the recruitment of successive cohorts of low-paid young women for routine duties , a rapid turnover being ensured via the marriage bar .

Her style and title at Random House — associate publisher and marketing director for the group 's literary imprints Cape , Chatto and Vintage — are intended to reflect a bridge between the publishing and marketing functions .
her style and title at random house — associate publisher and marketing director for the group 's literary imprints cape , chatto and vintage — are intended to [think/show] a bridge between the publishing and marketing functions .

the increasing role of booksellers in promotions is apparent in their displays , which they like to design to reflect their images of their stores .
the increasing role of booksellers in promotions is apparent in their displays , which they like to design to [think/show] their images of their stores .

The production of the three subunits in minicells should reflect the level of production within the cell .
the production of the three subunits in minicells should [think/show] the level of production within the cell .

This variation in signal intensity may reflect the differences in the cell density of tissues that express the gene .
this variation in signal intensity may [think/show] the differences in the cell density of tissues that express the gene .

The lid should be metal or plastic with a metal lining to reflect radiation back into the computer .
the lid should be metal or plastic with a metal lining to [think/show] radiation back into the computer .

SSDs must recognise the socioeconomic status of black elders , and ensure community care policies and resources reflect their ability to pay and receive services .
ssds must recognise the socioeconomic status of black elders , and ensure community care policies and resources [think/show] their ability to pay and receive services .

They are also considering modifying the questions on race and culture which some respondents say must reflect the needs of children from minority ethnic groups more closely .
they are also considering modifying the questions on race and culture which some respondents say must [think/show] the needs of children from minority ethnic groups more closely .

Reported opioid misuse seems to reflect this trend .
reported opioid misuse seems to [think/show] this trend .

Because it did not reflect Scottish Office policy its development went unrecorded , such work being undifferentiated from normal outpatient sessions for statistical purposes .
because it did not [think/show] scottish office policy its development went unrecorded , such work being undifferentiated from normal outpatient sessions for statistical purposes .

Some current problems reflect decisions made many years ago .
some current problems [think/show] decisions made many years ago .

The trends in the number of prescribed items and drug costs with age and sex reflect previous findings .
the trends in the number of prescribed items and drug costs with age and sex [think/show] previous findings .

Firstly , although referral patterns will reflect individual practice , continued use of dilatation and curettage by gynaecologists reinforces the notion for general practitioners and patients that it is appropriate treatment for menstrual irregularity in women under 40 .
firstly , although referral patterns will [think/show] individual practice , continued use of dilatation and curettage by gynaecologists reinforces the notion for general practitioners and patients that it is appropriate treatment for menstrual irregularity in women under 40 .

Better tuning of capitation and item of service payment to reflect the work involved in earning them might also improve the performance of primary care .
better tuning of capitation and item of service payment to [think/show] the work involved in earning them might also improve the performance of primary care .

The fewer susceptible people in urban areas would reflect the prior sporadic exposure to the widespread relevant agent , which would make them less vulnerable to an epidemic caused by new and sudden population mixing .
the fewer susceptible people in urban areas would [think/show] the prior sporadic exposure to the widespread relevant agent , which would make them less vulnerable to an epidemic caused by new and sudden population mixing .

Payment quarters mainly reflect visits done in the preceding quarter but also include visits made and claimed for in the first month of the payment quarter .
payment quarters mainly [think/show] visits done in the preceding quarter but also include visits made and claimed for in the first month of the payment quarter .

This may reflect doctors ' increasing willingness to visit or increasing consumer demand .
this may [think/show] doctors ' increasing willingness to visit or increasing consumer demand .

Firstly , the hypothesis that increasing author numbers reflect the development of more labour intensive research technologies becomes untenable given the continuing high quality small group productivity seen in Nature and Cell .
firstly , the hypothesis that increasing author numbers [think/show] the development of more labour intensive research technologies becomes untenable given the continuing high quality small group productivity seen in nature and cell .

Assessors can use an accompanying checklist to make a more detailed assessment of certain factors , allowing the resulting completed form to reflect more closely and personally the assessed person 's needs .
assessors can use an accompanying checklist to make a more detailed assessment of certain factors , allowing the resulting completed form to [think/show] more closely and personally the assessed person 's needs .

This may improve as arrangements for care management are gradually introduced but for the foreseeable future plans will have to reflect a realistic view of available resources .
this may improve as arrangements for care management are gradually introduced but for the foreseeable future plans will have to [think/show] a realistic view of available resources .

’ As we have written elsewhere , these terms have subtle differences in meaning , which are partly semantic but partly reflect different views .
’ as we have written elsewhere , these terms have subtle differences in meaning , which are partly semantic but partly [think/show] different views .

This is where Zwingli preached the message which swung the Zurichers to his line of thinking , and its grave facade seems to reflect the severity of his teaching .
this is where zwingli preached the message which swung the zurichers to his line of thinking , and its grave facade seems to [think/show] the severity of his teaching .

’ These topics are chosen to reflect prevalent clinically important medical conditions — for example , ischaemic heart disease , diabetes , asthma and chronic obstructive airways disease , common cancers , and stroke and other common neurological conditions .
’ these topics are chosen to [think/show] prevalent clinically important medical conditions — for example , ischaemic heart disease , diabetes , asthma and chronic obstructive airways disease , common cancers , and stroke and other common neurological conditions .

At the end of each week there is a plenary session on the topic of the week , in which students present patients they have seen and reflect on what they have learnt .
at the end of each week there is a plenary session on the topic of the week , in which students present patients they have seen and [think/show] on what they have learnt .

Editor , — Catherine Pope 's editorial on waiting times for outpatient appointments does not reflect the whole picture .
editor , — catherine pope 's editorial on waiting times for outpatient appointments does not [think/show] the whole picture .

Variations in practice reflect the personal opinions of managers .
variations in practice [think/show] the personal opinions of managers .

This is a cold , simple fact — the word `` dumb `` not only fails to attract youth but it positively repels them … We are now in the seventies and our image must reflect our desire to serve the deaf of our times . ``
this is a cold , simple fact — the word `` dumb `` not only fails to attract youth but it positively repels them … we are now in the seventies and our image must [think/show] our desire to serve the deaf of our times . ``

Unlike Sartre , Nizan was not given the opportunity to grow old and reflect serenely on his past life .
unlike sartre , nizan was not given the opportunity to grow old and [think/show] serenely on his past life .

This description , if accurate , would appear to reflect more a desire on Nizan 's part to reassure his friends than a genuine assessment of current diplomatic realities .
this description , if accurate , would appear to [think/show] more a desire on nizan 's part to reassure his friends than a genuine assessment of current diplomatic realities .

Cultural products reflect in a mediated form the aspirations and interests of specific classes .
cultural products [think/show] in a mediated form the aspirations and interests of specific classes .

The problem is less obvious but deep-rooted , and can perhaps be most clearly formulated in the following question : Given the turbulent and unstable historical context of post-1914 France , is it possible to produce novels which are technically and artistically successful , politically effective , and accurately reflect contemporary social reality ?
the problem is less obvious but deep-rooted , and can perhaps be most clearly formulated in the following question : given the turbulent and unstable historical context of post-1914 france , is it possible to produce novels which are technically and artistically successful , politically effective , and accurately [think/show] contemporary social reality ?

The actual workload of doctors does not necessarily reflect accurately the potential demand for their services , as unmet need is not taken into account .
the actual workload of doctors does not necessarily [think/show] accurately the potential demand for their services , as unmet need is not taken into account .

The high proportion of adults with cystic fibrosis in non-manual occupations may reflect selection or response bias .
the high proportion of adults with cystic fibrosis in non-manual occupations may [think/show] selection or response bias .

They may , however , choose non-manual occupations because they are unable to fulfil more physically demanding jobs , and their preference may also reflect trends towards clerical , service , and information technology jobs within society as a whole .
they may , however , choose non-manual occupations because they are unable to fulfil more physically demanding jobs , and their preference may also [think/show] trends towards clerical , service , and information technology jobs within society as a whole .

To put it differently , if spatiotemporal relations are to be appealed to in support of the thesis that there can be numerically , not just qualitatively , distinguishable ontological existents , it is necessary , in the first place , to clarify the conditions under which such relations can be significantly claimed to reflect the structure of an objective world , and in trying to do so we are likely to find that in some form or other we need to assume what such relations are supposed to explain .
to put it differently , if spatiotemporal relations are to be appealed to in support of the thesis that there can be numerically , not just qualitatively , distinguishable ontological existents , it is necessary , in the first place , to clarify the conditions under which such relations can be significantly claimed to [think/show] the structure of an objective world , and in trying to do so we are likely to find that in some form or other we need to assume what such relations are supposed to explain .

As Wigglesworth suggested , only perinatal deaths due to asphyxia in labour and immaturity directly reflect the effectiveness of medical care , and these categories accounted for only 16 % and 23 % of perinatal deaths , respectively , in this series — an average of 46 deaths a year from an average of over 11000 births occurring in several hospitals .
as wigglesworth suggested , only perinatal deaths due to asphyxia in labour and immaturity directly [think/show] the effectiveness of medical care , and these categories accounted for only 16 % and 23 % of perinatal deaths , respectively , in this series — an average of 46 deaths a year from an average of over 11000 births occurring in several hospitals .

Firstly , as there is consistent evidence of variations in use of services being explained by variations in supply , a formula based on variations in use between even small areas will partly reflect variations in supply .
firstly , as there is consistent evidence of variations in use of services being explained by variations in supply , a formula based on variations in use between even small areas will partly [think/show] variations in supply .

Firstly , standardised mortality ratios broadly reflect the cumulative morbidity and social experience of an area and provide more stable and comprehensive measures of morbidity than utilisation rates ( or , indeed , contemporaneous deprivation indices ) .
firstly , standardised mortality ratios broadly [think/show] the cumulative morbidity and social experience of an area and provide more stable and comprehensive measures of morbidity than utilisation rates ( or , indeed , contemporaneous deprivation indices ) .

The national data on use of services by age may indeed not truly reflect needs of individuals at different ages ; there is , after all , evidence of rationing by age , so the elderly may not get the health care they need .
the national data on use of services by age may indeed not truly [think/show] needs of individuals at different ages ; there is , after all , evidence of rationing by age , so the elderly may not get the health care they need .

It is also worth examining how mortality indices best combine with age weighting to reflect relative needs for health care .
it is also worth examining how mortality indices best combine with age weighting to [think/show] relative needs for health care .

Similarly the extra health care needs of homeless people which have been documented in parts of London reflect local conditions and can not validly be applied to all areas .
similarly the extra health care needs of homeless people which have been documented in parts of london [think/show] local conditions and can not validly be applied to all areas .

The views he expresses here are his own , and do not necessarily reflect those of Survivors Speak Out .
the views he expresses here are his own , and do not necessarily [think/show] those of survivors speak out .

Funding restrictions may be partly responsible for these absences , but they also reflect the mental health system 's capacity to resist new responses to mental distress .
funding restrictions may be partly responsible for these absences , but they also [think/show] the mental health system 's capacity to resist new responses to mental distress .

The fact that his figures often have a wooden tightness and that one of his major pictures represents a homosexual 's death may reflect the stasis and lack of vitality he felt within the contemporary art scene and within himself .
the fact that his figures often have a wooden tightness and that one of his major pictures represents a homosexual 's death may [think/show] the stasis and lack of vitality he felt within the contemporary art scene and within himself .

We wanted our findings to reflect normal classroom processes rather than the circumstances dictated by the needs of a research programme .
we wanted our findings to [think/show] normal classroom processes rather than the circumstances dictated by the needs of a research programme .

In this activity , the teacher saw the choice to observe silently , to reflect upon what was observed individually as legitimate and as educational as engaging in an animated discussion .
in this activity , the teacher saw the choice to observe silently , to [think/show] upon what was observed individually as legitimate and as educational as engaging in an animated discussion .

As they work with poetry , children are able to reflect on what they know , to extend their understanding and to make new discoveries .
as they work with poetry , children are able to [think/show] on what they know , to extend their understanding and to make new discoveries .

Just as the statements of attainment reflect the experience and predilections of subject working groups , so the sequences in Profiles of Development depend on the authors ' underlying theory of teaching rather than any inexorable path of learning . Writing Items 6 to 15 read :
just as the statements of attainment [think/show] the experience and predilections of subject working groups , so the sequences in profiles of development depend on the authors ' underlying theory of teaching rather than any inexorable path of learning . writing items 6 to 15 read :

Actual local authority completions in North Tyneside between 1974 and 1986 totalled 5473 , of which all but 639 were completed before 1981 and thus reflect pre-1979 capital programmes .
actual local authority completions in north tyneside between 1974 and 1986 totalled 5473 , of which all but 639 were completed before 1981 and thus [think/show] pre-1979 capital programmes .

There are , therefore , different patterns of social life in urban areas and these , in part , reflect the availability of different kinds of housing .
there are , therefore , different patterns of social life in urban areas and these , in part , [think/show] the availability of different kinds of housing .

The restrictive conditions governing the leap-frog appeal reflect the usual caution over the introduction of innovations and the real misgivings some members of the judiciary had over the introduction of the procedure .
the restrictive conditions governing the leap-frog appeal [think/show] the usual caution over the introduction of innovations and the real misgivings some members of the judiciary had over the introduction of the procedure .

They seem to depend more on policy preferences than research and to reflect the Government 's preference for action not words , for speedy response rather than lengthy debate , and perhaps also a deep disregard for the theoretical overview .
they seem to depend more on policy preferences than research and to [think/show] the government 's preference for action not words , for speedy response rather than lengthy debate , and perhaps also a deep disregard for the theoretical overview .

Edward 's dealings with the papacy reflect his approach to the English church itself — at once forceful , resolute , adroit and supple .
edward 's dealings with the papacy [think/show] his approach to the english church itself — at once forceful , resolute , adroit and supple .

Surely facts ( or true propositions ) reflect the world rather than affect it .
surely facts ( or true propositions ) [think/show] the world rather than affect it .

The co-operative and politeness principles , and the tension between them , reflect a dual purpose in human intercourse : to act efficiently together with other people , and to create and maintain social relationships .
the co-operative and politeness principles , and the tension between them , [think/show] a dual purpose in human intercourse : to act efficiently together with other people , and to create and maintain social relationships .

The two-part structure of each clause may reflect the way the sender has organized the information in her own mind , more than the way she guesses it is being received in another .
the two-part structure of each clause may [think/show] the way the sender has organized the information in her own mind , more than the way she guesses it is being received in another .

Goody goes on to make even larger claims about the ways in which the acquisition of writing , which permits man to reflect upon what he has thought , has permitted the development of cognitive structures which are not available to the non-literate ( cf .
goody goes on to make even larger claims about the ways in which the acquisition of writing , which permits man to [think/show] upon what he has thought , has permitted the development of cognitive structures which are not available to the non-literate ( cf .

We have already argued that the data used in discourse analysis will inevitably reflect the analyst 's particular interests .
we have already argued that the data used in discourse analysis will inevitably [think/show] the analyst 's particular interests .

Thus , while there may be preferences discernible in the choice of elements most-likely-to-be-concentrated-on within a sentence if that sentence is presented in isolation , such preferences may reflect the rather trivial fact that names are more salient than anything else , in isolation .
thus , while there may be preferences discernible in the choice of elements most-likely-to-be-concentrated-on within a sentence if that sentence is presented in isolation , such preferences may [think/show] the rather trivial fact that names are more salient than anything else , in isolation .

On the basis of such genre-specific descriptions of ‘ topic-shift ’ markers , it should be possible to make linguistic , as opposed to literary , statements about the structure of English written discourse which reflect the writer 's purpose .
on the basis of such genre-specific descriptions of ‘ topic-shift ’ markers , it should be possible to make linguistic , as opposed to literary , statements about the structure of english written discourse which [think/show] the writer 's purpose .

An excellent Journal , published annually ‘ to reflect the interest in , and approaches to , the life and work of the poet ’ will be on sale at the Festival ( free to members ) .
an excellent journal , published annually ‘ to [think/show] the interest in , and approaches to , the life and work of the poet ’ will be on sale at the festival ( free to members ) .

The reasons why this type of job has arisen in agencies are complex , and reflect weaknesses both in existing agency staffing and structure and in clients ' ability to brief their agencies in the right way .
the reasons why this type of job has arisen in agencies are complex , and [think/show] weaknesses both in existing agency staffing and structure and in clients ' ability to brief their agencies in the right way .

Paramount said it was changing the name to reflect ‘ the growth and diversity ’ of its publishing activities beyond trade publishing .
paramount said it was changing the name to [think/show] ‘ the growth and diversity ’ of its publishing activities beyond trade publishing .

It did n't reflect well on Lily and him that they 'd thrown Renée out .
it did n't [think/show] well on lily and him that they 'd thrown renée out .

It swallows up light ; it does n't reflect it , or give out any of its own .
it swallows up light ; it does n't [think/show] it , or give out any of its own .

Rather , it invents a sort of simplified version of the training set : When the net has finished learning , the nodes in it form clusters of just a few points which each reflect much larger clusters in the training set .
rather , it invents a sort of simplified version of the training set : when the net has finished learning , the nodes in it form clusters of just a few points which each [think/show] much larger clusters in the training set .

Where there is a contractual right to the costs , the discretion should ordinarily be exercised as to reflect that contractual right .
where there is a contractual right to the costs , the discretion should ordinarily be exercised as to [think/show] that contractual right .

( 3 ) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions , regard may be had to the previous conduct and activities in business or financial matters of the person in question and , in particular , to any evidence that he has — ( a ) committed an offence involving fraud or other dishonesty or violence ; ( b ) contravened any provision made by or under any enactment appearing to the Bank to be designed for protecting members of the public against financial loss due to dishonesty , incompetence or malpractice … ( c ) engaged in any business practices appearing to the Bank to be deceitful or oppressive or otherwise improper ( whether unlawful or not ) or which otherwise reflect discredit on his method of conducting business ; ( d ) engaged in or been associated with any other business practices or otherwise conducted himself in such a way as to cast doubt on his competence and soundness of judgement .
( 3 ) without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions , regard may be had to the previous conduct and activities in business or financial matters of the person in question and , in particular , to any evidence that he has — ( a ) committed an offence involving fraud or other dishonesty or violence ; ( b ) contravened any provision made by or under any enactment appearing to the bank to be designed for protecting members of the public against financial loss due to dishonesty , incompetence or malpractice … ( c ) engaged in any business practices appearing to the bank to be deceitful or oppressive or otherwise improper ( whether unlawful or not ) or which otherwise [think/show] discredit on his method of conducting business ; ( d ) engaged in or been associated with any other business practices or otherwise conducted himself in such a way as to cast doubt on his competence and soundness of judgement .

If , however , you are not intending to obtain a Woolwich mortgage then the fee will reflect the fact that there will not be a need for a mortgage valuation report .
if , however , you are not intending to obtain a woolwich mortgage then the fee will [think/show] the fact that there will not be a need for a mortgage valuation report .

The Court has already held , in its judgment of 23 November 1989 in the Torfaen case , that national rules governing the opening hours of retail premises reflect certain political and economic choices in so far as their purpose is to ensure that working and non-working hours are so arranged as to accord with national or regional socio-cultural characteristics , and that , in the present state of Community law , is a matter for the member states .
the court has already held , in its judgment of 23 november 1989 in the torfaen case , that national rules governing the opening hours of retail premises [think/show] certain political and economic choices in so far as their purpose is to ensure that working and non-working hours are so arranged as to accord with national or regional socio-cultural characteristics , and that , in the present state of community law , is a matter for the member states .

The selectors in 1991 chose 32 % women artists for the final show , whereas this year 's show has 52 % women artists ; although this did not reflect any conscious intention on the selectors part to discriminate in favour of women .
the selectors in 1991 chose 32 % women artists for the final show , whereas this year 's show has 52 % women artists ; although this did not [think/show] any conscious intention on the selectors part to discriminate in favour of women .

The gradual return in late summer may reflect differences in the behaviour of experienced adults , and juveniles learning the best places to feed , and build up their energy reserves for the winter .
the gradual return in late summer may [think/show] differences in the behaviour of experienced adults , and juveniles learning the best places to feed , and build up their energy reserves for the winter .

Cats are the only domestic animal in the top 10 world list , and this seems to reflect mainly the preferences of female respondents .
cats are the only domestic animal in the top 10 world list , and this seems to [think/show] mainly the preferences of female respondents .

On the other hand , your need to be charge of nature may reflect some of your own fears and uncertainties . In fact , though we hate to suggest it , if nearly all your ticks stopped here , perhaps your desire to dominate is stepping towards the extreme ?
on the other hand , your need to be charge of nature may [think/show] some of your own fears and uncertainties . in fact , though we hate to suggest it , if nearly all your ticks stopped here , perhaps your desire to dominate is stepping towards the extreme ?

By getting a Sponsor , one of whose functions may be to act as a mirror and reflect back the attitudes and behaviour of the sufferer , helping him or her to gain insight into self and establish goals for further improvement in recovery through guidance on the 12 Steps .
by getting a sponsor , one of whose functions may be to act as a mirror and [think/show] back the attitudes and behaviour of the sufferer , helping him or her to gain insight into self and establish goals for further improvement in recovery through guidance on the 12 steps .

The group reflect what they see of the sufferer 's assets and defects ( never defects alone ) and he or she is helped towards the recognition that his or her previous life truly had become unmanageable and that he or she had tried desperately to control everything but was finally having to admit defeat and accept powerlessness .
the group [think/show] what they see of the sufferer 's assets and defects ( never defects alone ) and he or she is helped towards the recognition that his or her previous life truly had become unmanageable and that he or she had tried desperately to control everything but was finally having to admit defeat and accept powerlessness .

It is the work of the Spirit , then , to make us progressively reflect the character of Christ , himself the Last Man who demonstrates the image of God which God intended for us when he made us .
it is the work of the spirit , then , to make us progressively [think/show] the character of christ , himself the last man who demonstrates the image of god which god intended for us when he made us .

What higher confidence could a Christian have than to reflect that in heaven the risen Christ in his ascended manhood ‘ is around ’ on our behalf ?
what higher confidence could a christian have than to [think/show] that in heaven the risen christ in his ascended manhood ‘ is around ’ on our behalf ?

But it comes with a very annoying gyrating sound as the mirror , activated by the music source , vibrates to reflect the light beam on to a wall or ceiling .
but it comes with a very annoying gyrating sound as the mirror , activated by the music source , vibrates to [think/show] the light beam on to a wall or ceiling .

The House of Commons would no longer reflect the ancient idea and be representative of `` whole `` boroughs , county communities , or corporate interests but would be representative of unorganised masses of individual men since at this time no women had the vote .
the house of commons would no longer [think/show] the ancient idea and be representative of `` whole `` boroughs , county communities , or corporate interests but would be representative of unorganised masses of individual men since at this time no women had the vote .

Second , we should recognise that a two-party dominance in the House of Commons may not reflect the pattern of electoral support in the country at large since our first-past-the-post electoral system makes it difficult for third parties to break through into parliament in proportion to their support in the country .
second , we should recognise that a two-party dominance in the house of commons may not [think/show] the pattern of electoral support in the country at large since our first-past-the-post electoral system makes it difficult for third parties to break through into parliament in proportion to their support in the country .

His term of office covered periods of world turmoil , and his papers reflect complex negotiations at the highest level of statesmanship throughout that time .
his term of office covered periods of world turmoil , and his papers [think/show] complex negotiations at the highest level of statesmanship throughout that time .

That is the basis for a new rationale which services should reflect .
that is the basis for a new rationale which services should [think/show] .

How might the behaviour and attitudes of the pupils be affected by the organization of the school and the teachers ' attitudes and expectations ? From discussions within a racially mixed group of sixty pupils , both from the fourth and fifth year , there seems to have been a consensus of opinion that the streaming system does not truly reflect ability . There was also a consensus that the streaming system works more against black pupils , indicated in the following remarks from a white pupil :
how might the behaviour and attitudes of the pupils be affected by the organization of the school and the teachers ' attitudes and expectations ? from discussions within a racially mixed group of sixty pupils , both from the fourth and fifth year , there seems to have been a consensus of opinion that the streaming system does not truly [think/show] ability . there was also a consensus that the streaming system works more against black pupils , indicated in the following remarks from a white pupil :

Process limits reflect the time needed to create awareness of threats and opportunities , build commitment and consensus , select and train people for change , marshal resources , and so on .
process limits [think/show] the time needed to create awareness of threats and opportunities , build commitment and consensus , select and train people for change , marshal resources , and so on .

If problems arise in everyday life , they may begin by some rational search and analysis , but they are looking for aspects of the situation that reflect prior experience ( that are stereotypical ) and , once they recognize those aspects , they switch to a more holistic and intuitive assessment based on their understanding of those stereotyped elements .
if problems arise in everyday life , they may begin by some rational search and analysis , but they are looking for aspects of the situation that [think/show] prior experience ( that are stereotypical ) and , once they recognize those aspects , they switch to a more holistic and intuitive assessment based on their understanding of those stereotyped elements .

They may ( or may not ) have been created that way , but , once they have been determined , we store our beliefs more efficiently in the form of symbols ( shorthand words and phrases which reflect a complete attitude to and assessment of a person or situation — e.g .
they may ( or may not ) have been created that way , but , once they have been determined , we store our beliefs more efficiently in the form of symbols ( shorthand words and phrases which [think/show] a complete attitude to and assessment of a person or situation — e.g .

the knowledge systems ) into various categories to reflect our perception of other individuals , of ourselves , of situations and of how specific people will act in given situations .
the knowledge systems ) into various categories to [think/show] our perception of other individuals , of ourselves , of situations and of how specific people will act in given situations .

( If the reader doubts this and has had an accident driving a car , reflect again ! )
( if the reader doubts this and has had an accident driving a car , [think/show] again ! )

This was to mark the tenth anniversary of Roman 's company , with publicity to reflect the wide international market he appeared to operate in .
this was to mark the tenth anniversary of roman 's company , with publicity to [think/show] the wide international market he appeared to operate in .

They seemed to reflect more of their owner 's personality .
they seemed to [think/show] more of their owner 's personality .

The main colour in your scheme should reflect this mood .
the main colour in your scheme should [think/show] this mood .

It recommended that the pace of girls ' education be slowed , that physical education reflect the need of girls for ‘ smoothness and expressiveness ’ and of boys for ‘ strength and energy ’ , and that allowance be made for the effect of menstruation , which condemned many girls ‘ to a recurring and temporary diminution of general mental efficiency ’ .
it recommended that the pace of girls ' education be slowed , that physical education [think/show] the need of girls for ‘ smoothness and expressiveness ’ and of boys for ‘ strength and energy ’ , and that allowance be made for the effect of menstruation , which condemned many girls ‘ to a recurring and temporary diminution of general mental efficiency ’ .

The traditional approach has been to model procedural rights by analogy to ordinary court procedure ; the principles of natural justice reflect an adversarial-adjudicative conception of process rights .
the traditional approach has been to model procedural rights by analogy to ordinary court procedure ; the principles of natural justice [think/show] an adversarial-adjudicative conception of process rights .

This may have been a factor , but the authorities dealing with licensing , aliens and discipline reflect much more a judicial conclusion that the substantive interests at stake were not worthy of procedural protection .
this may have been a factor , but the authorities dealing with licensing , aliens and discipline [think/show] much more a judicial conclusion that the substantive interests at stake were not worthy of procedural protection .

If such statutory clauses were ever intended to reflect the common law ( and this is not clear ) , the dichotomy drawn within them between the two heads of review makes little sense in light of the expansion of non-statutory review .
if such statutory clauses were ever intended to [think/show] the common law ( and this is not clear ) , the dichotomy drawn within them between the two heads of review makes little sense in light of the expansion of non-statutory review .

The descriptive aspect of the analysis does however appear to reflect administrative practice more accurately than the ideal of rational decision-making .
the descriptive aspect of the analysis does however appear to [think/show] administrative practice more accurately than the ideal of rational decision-making .

Plans give rise to actions ( performance ) , and actions have to be monitored to ensure that they reflect the aims and intentions of the plans .
plans give rise to actions ( performance ) , and actions have to be monitored to ensure that they [think/show] the aims and intentions of the plans .

Before considering the points of possible friction between the marketing department and others , it will be useful to reflect on the objectives of the former .
before considering the points of possible friction between the marketing department and others , it will be useful to [think/show] on the objectives of the former .

The emission charges for each pollutant would have to be adjusted to take into account increases in the number of emission sources ( if air quality is not to deteriorate ) and it would have to be adjusted to reflect increases in general price levels .
the emission charges for each pollutant would have to be adjusted to take into account increases in the number of emission sources ( if air quality is not to deteriorate ) and it would have to be adjusted to [think/show] increases in general price levels .

However , it should be mentioned that estimates of annual emissions of VOCs are based on statewide average monthly temperatures and may not reflect fully the possible impact of the hot weather on evaporative emissions from vehicles in 1988 .
however , it should be mentioned that estimates of annual emissions of vocs are based on statewide average monthly temperatures and may not [think/show] fully the possible impact of the hot weather on evaporative emissions from vehicles in 1988 .

, 1988 ) also asserts that membership of decision-taking committees should reflect proportionately the political composition of the full council .
, 1988 ) also asserts that membership of decision-taking committees should [think/show] proportionately the political composition of the full council .

This debate has wider implications for the study of political science since it emphasised major features of the process of governmental decision-making — the plurality of values of participants in policy-making , the plurality of actors involved , the emphasis upon perceptions rather than ‘ objective interests ’ and the fact that policy outcomes seldom reflect the values and preferences of one group .
this debate has wider implications for the study of political science since it emphasised major features of the process of governmental decision-making — the plurality of values of participants in policy-making , the plurality of actors involved , the emphasis upon perceptions rather than ‘ objective interests ’ and the fact that policy outcomes seldom [think/show] the values and preferences of one group .

If elite and Marxist theory assert that important decisions reflect the supremacy of one group in the policy process , pluralist approaches stress the plurality of factors affecting policy outcomes .
if elite and marxist theory assert that important decisions [think/show] the supremacy of one group in the policy process , pluralist approaches stress the plurality of factors affecting policy outcomes .

Conversely , a very high rate of short interactions may sometimes reflect a poor level of control or a lack of structure in the tasks set .
conversely , a very high rate of short interactions may sometimes [think/show] a poor level of control or a lack of structure in the tasks set .

What can be done to shift from closed questions to those which encourage children to reflect and solve problems rather than recall tow-level information ?
what can be done to shift from closed questions to those which encourage children to [think/show] and solve problems rather than recall tow-level information ?

We have indicated that the unthinking and undiscriminating use of questions — often closed or low-level — may reflect what we term a ‘ taboo on didacticism ’ , a sense that children at all costs must not be told .
we have indicated that the unthinking and undiscriminating use of questions — often closed or low-level — may [think/show] what we term a ‘ taboo on didacticism ’ , a sense that children at all costs must not be told .

On the other hand , a gap or mismatch between rhetoric and reality might reflect a gulf between head and staff , and indeed the discrepancies were most marked in schools where heads were relatively isolated , where communication was poor , and where class teachers were not involved in policy matters .
on the other hand , a gap or mismatch between rhetoric and reality might [think/show] a gulf between head and staff , and indeed the discrepancies were most marked in schools where heads were relatively isolated , where communication was poor , and where class teachers were not involved in policy matters .

The statutory responsibilities of LEAs and governing bodies in respect of quality control should be exercised with due acknowledgement of teachers ' special knowledge and skills and their freedom and right as professionals to adopt those strategies which build on their personal strengths and reflect the unique circumstances of each school and classroom .
the statutory responsibilities of leas and governing bodies in respect of quality control should be exercised with due acknowledgement of teachers ' special knowledge and skills and their freedom and right as professionals to adopt those strategies which build on their personal strengths and [think/show] the unique circumstances of each school and classroom .

That it is important to use local knowledge and reflect local preferences .
that it is important to use local knowledge and [think/show] local preferences .

This reflects the traditions of an authority , or the lasting influence of a chief officer , but it may also reflect a natural desire by those involved to minimise the political conflicts that are generated when big changes are proposed in one department 's budget compared with others .
this reflects the traditions of an authority , or the lasting influence of a chief officer , but it may also [think/show] a natural desire by those involved to minimise the political conflicts that are generated when big changes are proposed in one department 's budget compared with others .

She had seen this money before , of course , and still had a little collection of it that she had made as a child , yet it was disconcerting to reflect that Johnny would use it as part of his everyday life .
she had seen this money before , of course , and still had a little collection of it that she had made as a child , yet it was disconcerting to [think/show] that johnny would use it as part of his everyday life .

In a footnote to an observation made in Mull , Boswell writes , ‘ It is no small satisfaction to me to reflect , that Dr Johnson read this , and , after being apprised of my intention , communicated to me , at subsequent periods , many particulars of his life , which probably could not otherwise have been preserved .
in a footnote to an observation made in mull , boswell writes , ‘ it is no small satisfaction to me to [think/show] , that dr johnson read this , and , after being apprised of my intention , communicated to me , at subsequent periods , many particulars of his life , which probably could not otherwise have been preserved .

’ However , he does use his recollection of the journey over Ratagan , his eyes filled with mountains , to reflect in the Journey generally upon the condition of remoteness as it affects human beings , and thereby touches the core of his reasons for travelling .
’ however , he does use his recollection of the journey over ratagan , his eyes filled with mountains , to [think/show] in the journey generally upon the condition of remoteness as it affects human beings , and thereby touches the core of his reasons for travelling .

Miss Logan began to reflect upon the changes in her employer since they had arrived on the mountain .
miss logan began to [think/show] upon the changes in her employer since they had arrived on the mountain .

Only several weeks later , as she lay stifling in her cabin on a filthy steamer from Trebizond , did she reflect that the Kurd , in the whole time he had been with them , had executed Miss Fergusson 's commands with punctiliousness and honour ; further , that she had no means of knowing what had passed between the two of them that last night in the cave .
only several weeks later , as she lay stifling in her cabin on a filthy steamer from trebizond , did she [think/show] that the kurd , in the whole time he had been with them , had executed miss fergusson 's commands with punctiliousness and honour ; further , that she had no means of knowing what had passed between the two of them that last night in the cave .

They were able to reflect that their wanderings at sea had lasted precisely forty days and forty nights .
they were able to [think/show] that their wanderings at sea had lasted precisely forty days and forty nights .

Did Gustave ever reflect on the fate of an earlier visitor to the town ?
did gustave ever [think/show] on the fate of an earlier visitor to the town ?

The names of the new countries reflect a reversal in race roles which has taken place since the ‘ displacement ’ .
the names of the new countries [think/show] a reversal in race roles which has taken place since the ‘ displacement ’ .

This leads to the second main characteristic of the retrovizor in Thru : unlike the Lacanian mirror , it is flawed , causing it to reflect not two but four eyes , two in their correct position and two further up the brow ( 1–3/579–81 ) .
this leads to the second main characteristic of the retrovizor in thru : unlike the lacanian mirror , it is flawed , causing it to [think/show] not two but four eyes , two in their correct position and two further up the brow ( 1–3/579–81 ) .

Her narrative corresponds to the ‘ other eyes ’ which have ‘ psychic invisibility ’ ( 5/583,14/592,25/602,26/603,27/605,32/610 , 107/685,120/69 ) and ‘ reflect nothing ’ ( 5/583,72/650,120/698 ) .
her narrative corresponds to the ‘ other eyes ’ which have ‘ psychic invisibility ’ ( 5/583,14/592,25/602,26/603,27/605,32/610 , 107/685,120/69 ) and ‘ [think/show] nothing ’ ( 5/583,72/650,120/698 ) .

While we shall comment further below on the use of such officially constructed statistics , which may reflect , inter alia , changing public attitudes to reporting crime , police practice in recording crime or changing priorities concerning crime seriousness , as well as changes in underlying crime levels , we may be excused some ironic enjoyment in examining the patterns in these figures during the Thatcher decade .
while we shall comment further below on the use of such officially constructed statistics , which may [think/show] , inter alia , changing public attitudes to reporting crime , police practice in recording crime or changing priorities concerning crime seriousness , as well as changes in underlying crime levels , we may be excused some ironic enjoyment in examining the patterns in these figures during the thatcher decade .

The judiciary and magistrates are of course drawn predominantly from the middle and upper classes ( see Box 1987 , p. 134–135 ) and as such can be expected to reflect the beliefs and prejudices of their class .
the judiciary and magistrates are of course drawn predominantly from the middle and upper classes ( see box 1987 , p. 134–135 ) and as such can be expected to [think/show] the beliefs and prejudices of their class .

Hence we do not need to argue that the judiciary are in any sense part of a gigantic conspiracy ; they merely act according to their beliefs which inevitably reflect their class interests .
hence we do not need to argue that the judiciary are in any sense part of a gigantic conspiracy ; they merely act according to their beliefs which inevitably [think/show] their class interests .

And because it takes several months , and often a year or more , before a lender seeks to repossess , the 1991 repossession figures reflect the interest rates charged in 1990 .
and because it takes several months , and often a year or more , before a lender seeks to repossess , the 1991 repossession figures [think/show] the interest rates charged in 1990 .

It is interesting to reflect on the members of the team and their fortunes since that afternoon in the draining Georgian heat .
it is interesting to [think/show] on the members of the team and their fortunes since that afternoon in the draining georgian heat .

In addition to weighing up the results and achievements of the coach 's pupils , the Institute also judges nominees on their standards of personal and professional behaviour , which reflect on the whole practice of coaching and the sport itself .
in addition to weighing up the results and achievements of the coach 's pupils , the institute also judges nominees on their standards of personal and professional behaviour , which [think/show] on the whole practice of coaching and the sport itself .

Creole and Cajun cooking are broadly French-based , but they reflect the great American ability to assimilate other cultures , turning them into something uniquely their own .
creole and cajun cooking are broadly french-based , but they [think/show] the great american ability to assimilate other cultures , turning them into something uniquely their own .

Today 's typical dishes reflect their French past with bisques , ragoûts , fricassees ( Cajun French for ‘ smothered ’ dishes ) and grillades .
today 's typical dishes [think/show] their french past with bisques , ragoûts , fricassees ( cajun french for ‘ smothered ’ dishes ) and grillades .

John 's advise is to garnish dishes liberally with chopped parsley , red cabbage and yellow peppers so as to reflect the Mardi Gras colours — green , gold and purple .
john 's advise is to garnish dishes liberally with chopped parsley , red cabbage and yellow peppers so as to [think/show] the mardi gras colours — green , gold and purple .

In its most recent statements the government 's main concern has been to try to ensure that council house rents reflect more closely the values of the houses .
in its most recent statements the government 's main concern has been to try to ensure that council house rents [think/show] more closely the values of the houses .

To a large extent population changes reflect changes in prosperity and employment opportunities .
to a large extent population changes [think/show] changes in prosperity and employment opportunities .

As for the patio surface , remember that pale colours reflect light and can be dazzling in the sun .
as for the patio surface , remember that pale colours [think/show] light and can be dazzling in the sun .

It will require strong democratic local or regional government institutions , equipped to respond to local needs and to reflect these in the Community policy-making process .
it will require strong democratic local or regional government institutions , equipped to respond to local needs and to [think/show] these in the community policy-making process .

Health authorities are encouraged to arrange for the services which ethnic minority communities need and which reflect cultural differences .
health authorities are encouraged to arrange for the services which ethnic minority communities need and which [think/show] cultural differences .

It may reflect something disturbing at the heart of western modernity and rationality .
it may [think/show] something disturbing at the heart of western modernity and rationality .

If that backward culture could modernise itself , where would we then find the mirror to reflect our superiority ?
if that backward culture could modernise itself , where would we then find the mirror to [think/show] our superiority ?

If your income is slightly above these levels you should still apply because the figures shown are only a guide and can not reflect every personal circumstance .
if your income is slightly above these levels you should still apply because the figures shown are only a guide and can not [think/show] every personal circumstance .

As Domestic Rates will cease to exist in April 1990 , tenants who pay their rates in this way should ensure that their rent is reduced by the landlord to reflect this change .
as domestic rates will cease to exist in april 1990 , tenants who pay their rates in this way should ensure that their rent is reduced by the landlord to [think/show] this change .

One aspect of this commitment is the agreement that future formal plans and statements of policy will take account of environmental impacts and that staff job descriptions and training will reflect similar considerations .
one aspect of this commitment is the agreement that future formal plans and statements of policy will take account of environmental impacts and that staff job descriptions and training will [think/show] similar considerations .

It is perfectly placed in relation to the canal whose placid waters reflect the boldly modelled figure .
it is perfectly placed in relation to the canal whose placid waters [think/show] the boldly modelled figure .

In order to reflect it fully , and to mirror the contemporary cookery books , one wonders whether Stephen Biggin , its gardener , will grow the vegetables this century has imported ?
in order to [think/show] it fully , and to mirror the contemporary cookery books , one wonders whether stephen biggin , its gardener , will grow the vegetables this century has imported ?

And yet , says Renate Olins surprising positives may emerge : one initially devastated client in counselling began to reflect that her husband had started to play around because it made him feel a bigger man .
and yet , says renate olins surprising positives may emerge : one initially devastated client in counselling began to [think/show] that her husband had started to play around because it made him feel a bigger man .

His own monumental oils — portraits such as the Archbishop of Canterbury , symmetrical and sculptural , or his five-figure composition for Jesus College , Cambridge , depicting Prince Edward at supper , discoursing with friends — reflect his Renaissance fervour .
his own monumental oils — portraits such as the archbishop of canterbury , symmetrical and sculptural , or his five-figure composition for jesus college , cambridge , depicting prince edward at supper , discoursing with friends — [think/show] his renaissance fervour .

Certainly , on the information available to club members , it appeared that their own case had not been fully represented and that the printing and distribution of such information did not reflect the feelings and attitudes of those present , as well as the many thousands of other members throughout the country , who may not be aware of the proposed publication .
certainly , on the information available to club members , it appeared that their own case had not been fully represented and that the printing and distribution of such information did not [think/show] the feelings and attitudes of those present , as well as the many thousands of other members throughout the country , who may not be aware of the proposed publication .

She thought of Giles Carnaby both continuously and not at all ; he was permanently in the head , but as some unavoidable elemental force — she could not consider him as a person , reflect upon character or deeds .
she thought of giles carnaby both continuously and not at all ; he was permanently in the head , but as some unavoidable elemental force — she could not consider him as a person , [think/show] upon character or deeds .

If it is true that kings only legislated when faced with an urgent need to enhance their standing with their subjects by prestigious acts of law-making , the appearance of royal codes of law in Kent and Wessex at this time may reflect something of the very considerable crisis through which these regions had recently passed .
if it is true that kings only legislated when faced with an urgent need to enhance their standing with their subjects by prestigious acts of law-making , the appearance of royal codes of law in kent and wessex at this time may [think/show] something of the very considerable crisis through which these regions had recently passed .

The Life of Wilfrid offers two versions of Aldfrith 's dying injunction concerning Wilfrid which may reflect two stages in its production .
the life of wilfrid offers two versions of aldfrith 's dying injunction concerning wilfrid which may [think/show] two stages in its production .

Many of the changes we have already discussed reflect a changed role for women , which is important for everyone 's experience of contemporary Britain .
many of the changes we have already discussed [think/show] a changed role for women , which is important for everyone 's experience of contemporary britain .

The terms of reference of the Committee of Inquiry into the Teaching of English Language , set up by the Secretary of State for Education in January 1987 clearly reflect worries about defining the need for language understanding , both in schools and in teacher education .
the terms of reference of the committee of inquiry into the teaching of english language , set up by the secretary of state for education in january 1987 clearly [think/show] worries about defining the need for language understanding , both in schools and in teacher education .

This ‘ language deficit ’ was often assumed , explicitly or otherwise , to reflect a corresponding ‘ cognitive deficit ’ : because language and thought are related , a person with a restricted language capacity is also likely to have a restricted thinking capacity .
this ‘ language deficit ’ was often assumed , explicitly or otherwise , to [think/show] a corresponding ‘ cognitive deficit ’ : because language and thought are related , a person with a restricted language capacity is also likely to have a restricted thinking capacity .

Other working groups have produced similar documents which reflect the nature of their concerns in the field of language . The Geographical Association focuses on :
other working groups have produced similar documents which [think/show] the nature of their concerns in the field of language . the geographical association focuses on :

Since ‘ talk ’ forms a substantial part of a primary schoolchild 's life the teachers ' classrooms need to reflect an understanding of the role of language in learning situations and also the role of language in social situations .
since ‘ talk ’ forms a substantial part of a primary schoolchild 's life the teachers ' classrooms need to [think/show] an understanding of the role of language in learning situations and also the role of language in social situations .

Since then the methodology has been greatly extended to reflect new developments in linguistic theory , new approaches in language teaching methodology and , most importantly , to respond to new pressures in the social and economic climate particularly the growth of racism in Britain .
since then the methodology has been greatly extended to [think/show] new developments in linguistic theory , new approaches in language teaching methodology and , most importantly , to respond to new pressures in the social and economic climate particularly the growth of racism in britain .

asking participants to reflect on language they would need when holidaying or living in a country such as Greece or China , and then drawing out the theory from the discussion .
asking participants to [think/show] on language they would need when holidaying or living in a country such as greece or china , and then drawing out the theory from the discussion .

Course members reflect the multicultural , mixed ability , mixed experience as well as mixed age and social background nature common to most adult education settings .
course members [think/show] the multicultural , mixed ability , mixed experience as well as mixed age and social background nature common to most adult education settings .

It was designed in co-operation with our students to reflect the language skills they needed to address the bilingual context of their everyday lives .
it was designed in co-operation with our students to [think/show] the language skills they needed to address the bilingual context of their everyday lives .

Alternative proposals for town development reflect these concerns .
alternative proposals for town development [think/show] these concerns .

In the 1830s and 1840s Chambers issued his own periodical to reflect the interests of the middle classes .
in the 1830s and 1840s chambers issued his own periodical to [think/show] the interests of the middle classes .

Although many aspects of Darwin 's work reflect practical concerns , his overall vision is very much a product of the Romantic era , with its emphasis on the unity of Nature and the power of natural forces to reshape the world .
although many aspects of darwin 's work [think/show] practical concerns , his overall vision is very much a product of the romantic era , with its emphasis on the unity of nature and the power of natural forces to reshape the world .

Our institutions were set up by middle-class people and the staff , even when their own origins are working-class , reflect those values .
our institutions were set up by middle-class people and the staff , even when their own origins are working-class , [think/show] those values .

It is the capacity to feel , to reflect , to regret , to repent that distinguishes us from other creatures .
it is the capacity to feel , to [think/show] , to regret , to repent that distinguishes us from other creatures .

The seasons of the year reflect the cycle of life .
the seasons of the year [think/show] the cycle of life .

The movement of thought happens not directly through any outside intervention , but through the sub-culture 's inner compulsion to reflect on itself , if only at the level of current findings , theories and views .
the movement of thought happens not directly through any outside intervention , but through the sub-culture 's inner compulsion to [think/show] on itself , if only at the level of current findings , theories and views .

Those assessments partly reflect values .
those assessments partly [think/show] values .

Is it considered legitimate for members of a discipline to reflect critically on the discipline which provides them with their intellectual identity and status ?
is it considered legitimate for members of a discipline to [think/show] critically on the discipline which provides them with their intellectual identity and status ?

It can reflect an academic ideology , seeing the student programme of study as a narrow training which initiates the student into the world of research .
it can [think/show] an academic ideology , seeing the student programme of study as a narrow training which initiates the student into the world of research .

Instead , it suggests that the balance of curriculum elements should be reversed , with the student learning how to practise as a professional , and that the ‘ theory ’ should be derived by inviting the student to reflect on the practice to tease out the principles embedded in it .
instead , it suggests that the balance of curriculum elements should be reversed , with the student learning how to practise as a professional , and that the ‘ theory ’ should be derived by inviting the student to [think/show] on the practice to tease out the principles embedded in it .

But the promise of the student 's higher education is realized when the student is able to raise him or herself out of that state of ‘ delight ’ ( to borrow again from Marjorie Reeves ) and to reflect on what he or she is doing and thinking .
but the promise of the student 's higher education is realized when the student is able to raise him or herself out of that state of ‘ delight ’ ( to borrow again from marjorie reeves ) and to [think/show] on what he or she is doing and thinking .

There is nothing extraordinary in this : it is a feature of any course which invites students seriously to reflect on whatever is in front of them .
there is nothing extraordinary in this : it is a feature of any course which invites students seriously to [think/show] on whatever is in front of them .

What are the criteria or values by which the student 's home discipline ‘ progresses ’ ? To what extent are they inconsistent ? Are there examples of favoured theories which reflect some criteria , while other-perhaps discarded — theories reflect others ? Are there examples of successful theories which have not done justice to any of the espoused criteria ?
what are the criteria or values by which the student 's home discipline ‘ progresses ’ ? to what extent are they inconsistent ? are there examples of favoured theories which [think/show] some criteria , while other-perhaps discarded — theories [think/show] others ? are there examples of successful theories which have not done justice to any of the espoused criteria ?

What are the rival viewpoints within the discipline ? Are the competing views purely academic debates , or do they also reflect wider social interests ?
what are the rival viewpoints within the discipline ? are the competing views purely academic debates , or do they also [think/show] wider social interests ?

What is going on when we get our students seriously to reflect in this way ?
what is going on when we get our students seriously to [think/show] in this way ?

They have emerged in , and been sustained by , society , and are on offer in institutions because they reflect certain kinds of social interest .
they have emerged in , and been sustained by , society , and are on offer in institutions because they [think/show] certain kinds of social interest .

But , just as with the word processor , the content and presentation of those documents do not necessarily reflect a similar improvement .
but , just as with the word processor , the content and presentation of those documents do not necessarily [think/show] a similar improvement .

With a spreadsheet you can alter values , constants or the formulae relating them at will and the entire sheet will reflect these changes , instantly .
with a spreadsheet you can alter values , constants or the formulae relating them at will and the entire sheet will [think/show] these changes , instantly .

Some celebrated empirical studies of work groups have argued that so-called restrictive practices usually reflect the attempt by workers to impose their own definition of a fair day 's work .
some celebrated empirical studies of work groups have argued that so-called restrictive practices usually [think/show] the attempt by workers to impose their own definition of a fair day 's work .

Instances in which workers take the initiative to get a job done reflect cooperative elements in the employment relationship .
instances in which workers take the initiative to get a job done [think/show] cooperative elements in the employment relationship .

Koontz , O'Donnell and Weihrich formulate the principle that ‘ since people tend to follow those whom they see as a means of satisfying their own personal goals , the more managers understand what motivates their subordinates and how these motivations operate , and the more they reflect this understanding in carrying out their managerial actions , the more effective leaders they are likely to be .
koontz , o'donnell and weihrich formulate the principle that ‘ since people tend to follow those whom they see as a means of satisfying their own personal goals , the more managers understand what motivates their subordinates and how these motivations operate , and the more they [think/show] this understanding in carrying out their managerial actions , the more effective leaders they are likely to be .

Supervisory behaviour was found to reflect management leadership styles , ie the organisational context affects leadership ;
supervisory behaviour was found to [think/show] management leadership styles , ie the organisational context affects leadership ;

In practical terms , the design of an effective structure must reflect the objectives of the particular organisation and the context in which it operates .
in practical terms , the design of an effective structure must [think/show] the objectives of the particular organisation and the context in which it operates .

Ripley 's texts reflect the contradictions of her career .
ripley 's texts [think/show] the contradictions of her career .

The hostile reception of Alford 's views led him to reflect that he was being denied the parliamentary right of free speech .
the hostile reception of alford 's views led him to [think/show] that he was being denied the parliamentary right of free speech .

They reflect the debates and use the terminology of contemporary Paris in a way that the work of Master Hugh does not ; yet Achard is doctrinally conservative , and essentially unsympathetic to the drift towards organized secular schools and ( within his lifetime ) the University of Paris .
they [think/show] the debates and use the terminology of contemporary paris in a way that the work of master hugh does not ; yet achard is doctrinally conservative , and essentially unsympathetic to the drift towards organized secular schools and ( within his lifetime ) the university of paris .

His works reflect his travels ; as he gained commissions as an estate surveyor he would use the opportunity to survey for county maps and town plans .
his works [think/show] his travels ; as he gained commissions as an estate surveyor he would use the opportunity to survey for county maps and town plans .

But he was in poor health when the latter was written , and both books reflect his increasing pessimism about international affairs ; as Edward Blishen says , ‘ the positive and determined John Dolittle has been replaced by an unhappy dreamer .
but he was in poor health when the latter was written , and both books [think/show] his increasing pessimism about international affairs ; as edward blishen says , ‘ the positive and determined john dolittle has been replaced by an unhappy dreamer .

This central resource is used to complement and strengthen the work in the field ; to extend the process of action and learning in local communities ; to bring together people from both sides of the religious divide , and from different movements , to reflect on their common problem ; to learn from their different experiences and to discuss their cultural and political differences .
this central resource is used to complement and strengthen the work in the field ; to extend the process of action and learning in local communities ; to bring together people from both sides of the religious divide , and from different movements , to [think/show] on their common problem ; to learn from their different experiences and to discuss their cultural and political differences .

’ It is not , however , conclusive evidence for , as we have seen , membership is dependent both on agreement to become a member and entry in the register and if the entry does not truly reflect the agreement or there was no valid agreement the register ought to be rectified .
’ it is not , however , conclusive evidence for , as we have seen , membership is dependent both on agreement to become a member and entry in the register and if the entry does not truly [think/show] the agreement or there was no valid agreement the register ought to be rectified .

The somewhat unwieldy title of this chapter , and the difficulty of finding a brief but accurate label to designate the offence created by section 4 reflect the fact that the section is concerned with two quite separate species of wrongdoing .
the somewhat unwieldy title of this chapter , and the difficulty of finding a brief but accurate label to designate the offence created by section 4 [think/show] the fact that the section is concerned with two quite separate species of wrongdoing .

’ The spirit of these comments , which reflect the traditional attitude of the courts towards the imposition of criminal liability , might properly be borne in mind by the courts in giving content and scope to the new legislation .
’ the spirit of these comments , which [think/show] the traditional attitude of the courts towards the imposition of criminal liability , might properly be borne in mind by the courts in giving content and scope to the new legislation .

The statute affords a number of defences , which are intended to reflect the degree of control that the various participants might have over the transmission of the programme .
the statute affords a number of defences , which are intended to [think/show] the degree of control that the various participants might have over the transmission of the programme .

Finally , the additional time taken to read words occurring at the end of clauses and sentences might reflect the time taken to carry out syntactic processing of that particular clause or sentence .
finally , the additional time taken to read words occurring at the end of clauses and sentences might [think/show] the time taken to carry out syntactic processing of that particular clause or sentence .

Therefore , Mitchell and Green concluded , the additional reading time must reflect the additional difficulty of relating the information currently being obtained to information presented earlier in the passage .
therefore , mitchell and green concluded , the additional reading time must [think/show] the additional difficulty of relating the information currently being obtained to information presented earlier in the passage .

However , Thorndyke ( 1977 ) has argued that the experiments by Bransford and Johnson ( 1972 ) and by Dooling ( Dooling and Lachman , 1971 ; Dooling and Mullet , 1973 ) do not reflect the processes normally involved in understanding and remembering discourse .
however , thorndyke ( 1977 ) has argued that the experiments by bransford and johnson ( 1972 ) and by dooling ( dooling and lachman , 1971 ; dooling and mullet , 1973 ) do not [think/show] the processes normally involved in understanding and remembering discourse .

The pattern of symptoms in this patient refutes the theory that the reason why x , y and z co-occur is that they all reflect damage to a single system ( since if that theory were true you could never get x without y ) ; indeed , this patient shows that there actually is no syndrome ( in the theoretical sense ) defined by the joint occurrence of all three symptoms .
the pattern of symptoms in this patient refutes the theory that the reason why x , y and z co-occur is that they all [think/show] damage to a single system ( since if that theory were true you could never get x without y ) ; indeed , this patient shows that there actually is no syndrome ( in the theoretical sense ) defined by the joint occurrence of all three symptoms .

The old masters merely dammed streams and created lakes to break up the landscape or else reflect its beauty .
the old masters merely dammed streams and created lakes to break up the landscape or else [think/show] its beauty .

Legal principles tend to reflect the basic values that the legal system is committed to uphold .
legal principles tend to [think/show] the basic values that the legal system is committed to uphold .

Users have been conditioned by accountants over many years , so that their expressed needs may simply reflect marginal improvements on what they have already been receiving .
users have been conditioned by accountants over many years , so that their expressed needs may simply [think/show] marginal improvements on what they have already been receiving .

The main disadvantage of this practice is its complexity ; it is easier and more comprehensible if the accounts reflect actual revenues and expenses , and the budget reflects budgeted revenues and expenses .
the main disadvantage of this practice is its complexity ; it is easier and more comprehensible if the accounts [think/show] actual revenues and expenses , and the budget reflects budgeted revenues and expenses .

This is necessarily caused by the fact that the intrinsic differences between the services provided in different organizations reflect themselves in the respective budgets .
this is necessarily caused by the fact that the intrinsic differences between the services provided in different organizations [think/show] themselves in the respective budgets .

We might think that any differences reflected poorer performance but it may just be that they merely reflect the different impact of specific price changes on drugs compared with books .
we might think that any differences reflected poorer performance but it may just be that they merely [think/show] the different impact of specific price changes on drugs compared with books .

Of course , it may be argued that the Cash paid at the beginning of the year relates to the last quarter 's electricity for the old financial year and so this financial year includes four payments for electricity ; thus , the year 's payments do reflect the cost of electricity .
of course , it may be argued that the cash paid at the beginning of the year relates to the last quarter 's electricity for the old financial year and so this financial year includes four payments for electricity ; thus , the year 's payments do [think/show] the cost of electricity .

The legal differences reflect the political and economic differences in that different services are provided under the authority of different statutes .
the legal differences [think/show] the political and economic differences in that different services are provided under the authority of different statutes .

These political , economic and legal differences between services define the extent to which a local government 's resources are fungible . The objective of fund accounting is to reflect this lack of fungibility in two ways :
these political , economic and legal differences between services define the extent to which a local government 's resources are fungible . the objective of fund accounting is to [think/show] this lack of fungibility in two ways :

The published accounts of PLCs are becoming more and more complicated because of the increased number and complexity of footnotes ; yet those footnotes reflect the increased awareness of the need to provide more relevant information .
the published accounts of plcs are becoming more and more complicated because of the increased number and complexity of footnotes ; yet those footnotes [think/show] the increased awareness of the need to provide more relevant information .

If the asset was not depreciating , such as a piece of land , then this capital discharged would reflect an historic cost measure of the capital that the authority held in the land .
if the asset was not depreciating , such as a piece of land , then this capital discharged would [think/show] an historic cost measure of the capital that the authority held in the land .

This is mistaken because the charge to revenue accounts does not reflect cash flows , only loan redemptions .
this is mistaken because the charge to revenue accounts does not [think/show] cash flows , only loan redemptions .

On the face of it , it may seem that these two approaches can be made to coincide as long as the rules are drawn up to reflect the facts .
on the face of it , it may seem that these two approaches can be made to coincide as long as the rules are drawn up to [think/show] the facts .

The problem is that plainly this depreciation charge can not reflect the periodic benefits expected to accrue from using the vehicle .
the problem is that plainly this depreciation charge can not [think/show] the periodic benefits expected to accrue from using the vehicle .

Extreme events which exceed the normal capacity of the human system to reflect , absorb or buffer them are inherent in hazard .
extreme events which exceed the normal capacity of the human system to [think/show] , absorb or buffer them are inherent in hazard .

These recent proposals reflect Moscow 's current priority to retrench economically and militarily in the Third World .
these recent proposals [think/show] moscow 's current priority to retrench economically and militarily in the third world .

Most organisational charts reflect vertical relations .
most organisational charts [think/show] vertical relations .

All organisations exist within some wider context and we would expect an organisation 's culture to reflect this .
all organisations exist within some wider context and we would expect an organisation 's culture to [think/show] this .

Making objectives explicit is a hostage to fortune and the failure to do so may reflect a shrewd awareness .
making objectives explicit is a hostage to fortune and the failure to do so may [think/show] a shrewd awareness .

These vary from service to service and will reflect political choice .
these vary from service to service and will [think/show] political choice .

In other cases , the decision about how to finance a service will reflect the political and ethical values that underpin the policy .
in other cases , the decision about how to finance a service will [think/show] the political and ethical values that underpin the policy .

Normal conditional offers broadly reflect the supply of places and student demand for them .
normal conditional offers broadly [think/show] the supply of places and student demand for them .

Much of the Polytechnic 's negotiation with outside bodies , such as the funding agencies referred to in Chapter 3 , reflect this corporate commitment .
much of the polytechnic 's negotiation with outside bodies , such as the funding agencies referred to in chapter 3 , [think/show] this corporate commitment .

Once the several grades of station were built ( see Chapter 2 ) , the distinctive economic elements of the prairie station , the grain elevator and ( sometimes ) the stock pens , would reflect the whole life of the community and its local region .
once the several grades of station were built ( see chapter 2 ) , the distinctive economic elements of the prairie station , the grain elevator and ( sometimes ) the stock pens , would [think/show] the whole life of the community and its local region .

The subject-matter of the problems dealt with by a law centre will tend to reflect local community conditions and housing , employment , social security and consumer problems are likely to be predominant .
the subject-matter of the problems dealt with by a law centre will tend to [think/show] local community conditions and housing , employment , social security and consumer problems are likely to be predominant .

The Law Society is left to reflect that ‘ … The types of problem on which advice and assistance was sought during the past year is surprisingly , and perhaps regrettably , consistent with the experience of previous years … people who are eligible for advice and assistance are still accustomed to consult solicitors for a comparatively narrow range of problems .
the law society is left to [think/show] that ‘ … the types of problem on which advice and assistance was sought during the past year is surprisingly , and perhaps regrettably , consistent with the experience of previous years … people who are eligible for advice and assistance are still accustomed to consult solicitors for a comparatively narrow range of problems .

The truth is far more complex , and the development of ‘ assertive ’ models of case management reflect the reality that non-assertive models almost certainly do not meet the needs of the most reluctant clients .
the truth is far more complex , and the development of ‘ assertive ’ models of case management [think/show] the reality that non-assertive models almost certainly do not meet the needs of the most reluctant clients .

The sample of staff was structured to reflect the organization of services in each district , for example , where several community mental health teams were operating , we tried to include representatives from each team , and to balance our data between people concerned with care of elderly people and those involved with younger service users .
the sample of staff was structured to [think/show] the organization of services in each district , for example , where several community mental health teams were operating , we tried to include representatives from each team , and to balance our data between people concerned with care of elderly people and those involved with younger service users .

Service providers would do well to reflect on the evidence presented that common patterns of targeting resources actually discriminate against some of the most heavily involved carers in respect of certain services , and certainly do not lead to higher levels of support for them overall .
service providers would do well to [think/show] on the evidence presented that common patterns of targeting resources actually discriminate against some of the most heavily involved carers in respect of certain services , and certainly do not lead to higher levels of support for them overall .

For Lukács , class subjects reflect through consciousness on the social .
for lukács , class subjects [think/show] through consciousness on the social .

And that in modernity ( probably Giddens is clearest in this statement ) social actors can take cognizance of , and reflect rationally on , rules that had previously been only implicit for them .
and that in modernity ( probably giddens is clearest in this statement ) social actors can take cognizance of , and [think/show] rationally on , rules that had previously been only implicit for them .

Social scientists in this are instructed to reflect , not on the validity of statements and propositions , but on the social and power position of the producer of these statements .
social scientists in this are instructed to [think/show] , not on the validity of statements and propositions , but on the social and power position of the producer of these statements .

In announcing the new appointment , Mr Terry said that he was satisfied that ‘ it is clear that the recent problems at Co-op in no way reflect on the performance of Jack 's management of the company ’ .
in announcing the new appointment , mr terry said that he was satisfied that ‘ it is clear that the recent problems at co-op in no way [think/show] on the performance of jack 's management of the company ’ .

Before she could comment he made the point that people did not switch off anger once they had extricated themselves from the risk of further suffering , especially not if they had leisure to reflect on injustice .
before she could comment he made the point that people did not switch off anger once they had extricated themselves from the risk of further suffering , especially not if they had leisure to [think/show] on injustice .

Do you believe dreams reflect reality or that they are real ?
do you believe dreams [think/show] reality or that they are real ?

These two types of action reflect two different styles of playing the piano .
these two types of action [think/show] two different styles of playing the piano .

Neither did the number of skeletons used in the book necessarily reflect the numbers of men or machines employed in its production , or the edition quantity .
neither did the number of skeletons used in the book necessarily [think/show] the numbers of men or machines employed in its production , or the edition quantity .

Sexual offences introduced into the law at a much later stage continued to reflect this preoccupation with penile penetration of the vagina .
sexual offences introduced into the law at a much later stage continued to [think/show] this preoccupation with penile penetration of the vagina .

There are those who believe that the crime of rape should reflect this .
there are those who believe that the crime of rape should [think/show] this .

It is also designed to ensure that defendants are convicted of offences which reflect the fact that the crime committed was one of sexual violence .
it is also designed to ensure that defendants are convicted of offences which [think/show] the fact that the crime committed was one of sexual violence .

Earnings and dividends per share have been restated to reflect the bonus element in the 1989 rights issue and the capitalisation issue in 1990 but not shares issued in connection with the acquisition of Ultramar .
earnings and dividends per share have been restated to [think/show] the bonus element in the 1989 rights issue and the capitalisation issue in 1990 but not shares issued in connection with the acquisition of ultramar .

These may be fixed or you may be able to choose limits which reflect the size of your business .
these may be fixed or you may be able to choose limits which [think/show] the size of your business .

Current Manager George Thomson said the celebrations had given staff an opportunity to reflect on the Branch 's long history during which it had played an important role in providing financial services to the community .
current manager george thomson said the celebrations had given staff an opportunity to [think/show] on the branch 's long history during which it had played an important role in providing financial services to the community .

It is difficult to see how the proposed ‘ Lothians ’ Council on either side of Edinburgh will command or reflect local loyalties .
it is difficult to see how the proposed ‘ lothians ’ council on either side of edinburgh will command or [think/show] local loyalties .

Services which reflect particular cultural and language needs .
services which [think/show] particular cultural and language needs .

These exceptional items reflect charges arising from the Ultramar downstream disposals and re-evaluation of assets and reserves .
these exceptional items [think/show] charges arising from the ultramar downstream disposals and re-evaluation of assets and reserves .

Provisions have been made against oil and gas assets in 1992 , to reflect lower oil price expectations and a more conservative estimate of oil and gas reserved in certain fields .
provisions have been made against oil and gas assets in 1992 , to [think/show] lower oil price expectations and a more conservative estimate of oil and gas reserved in certain fields .

Taking effect from September 1994 these are to be remoulded to reflect changing research priorities .
taking effect from september 1994 these are to be remoulded to [think/show] changing research priorities .

Emissions are measured on an open area test site which is free of objects which might reflect emitted signals .
emissions are measured on an open area test site which is free of objects which might [think/show] emitted signals .

7 Resource pricing to reflect environmental and social criteria .
7 resource pricing to [think/show] environmental and social criteria .

Whilst we recognise that planning guidance should not be too prescriptive in terms of retail floorspace limits , we think that local planning authorities should set guidance limits which reflect some estimate of the environmental capacity of the plan area .
whilst we recognise that planning guidance should not be too prescriptive in terms of retail floorspace limits , we think that local planning authorities should set guidance limits which [think/show] some estimate of the environmental capacity of the plan area .

Resource pricing to reflect environmental and social criteria .
resource pricing to [think/show] environmental and social criteria .

to encourage pupils to reflect on their own experience of life to date ;
to encourage pupils to [think/show] on their own experience of life to date ;

The way in which the pupil explores these content areas will reflect the ‘ balance ’ of teaching methods mentioned above , but the acquiring of knowledge and understanding of relevant aspects of Scripture , Doctrine , Liturgy , Life Experience and Morality are to be seen as of significant importance by both teacher and pupil .
the way in which the pupil explores these content areas will [think/show] the ‘ balance ’ of teaching methods mentioned above , but the acquiring of knowledge and understanding of relevant aspects of scripture , doctrine , liturgy , life experience and morality are to be seen as of significant importance by both teacher and pupil .

It appears that only limited insights into the organisation of style are to be gained from those sources — commentaries , inscriptions , and socio-economic indicators — which reflect upon style .
it appears that only limited insights into the organisation of style are to be gained from those sources — commentaries , inscriptions , and socio-economic indicators — which [think/show] upon style .

Such similarities are more likely to reflect prevailing ideas of design — the sentiments of the client perhaps .
such similarities are more likely to [think/show] prevailing ideas of design — the sentiments of the client perhaps .

Examinations set for areas of study of the diploma programme may reflect the individual centre 's current approach to unseen testing and could include , for example , unseen case studies .
examinations set for areas of study of the diploma programme may [think/show] the individual centre 's current approach to unseen testing and could include , for example , unseen case studies .

Social deixis concerns `` that aspect of sentences which reflect or establish or are determined by certain realities of the social situation in which the speech act occurs `` ( Fillmore , 1975 : 76 ) .
social deixis concerns `` that aspect of sentences which [think/show] or establish or are determined by certain realities of the social situation in which the speech act occurs `` ( fillmore , 1975 : 76 ) .

Such proposals include : ( i ) longer term agreements so that the full benefits of the scheme can be realised ; ( ii ) greater incentives for water level management ; ( iii ) developing a tiered system of payments in all ESAs to reflect different levels of environmental quality ; ( iv ) ensuring that farmers only enter the scheme if they can achieve the specified standards of water management etc .
such proposals include : ( i ) longer term agreements so that the full benefits of the scheme can be realised ; ( ii ) greater incentives for water level management ; ( iii ) developing a tiered system of payments in all esas to [think/show] different levels of environmental quality ; ( iv ) ensuring that farmers only enter the scheme if they can achieve the specified standards of water management etc .

The financial forecasts do not assume that such funds will be available , but reflect the position as it is expected to be on the basis of reasonably firm government funding projections , with Management Studies developing slowly and with no major physical developments other than those funded by outside sources .
the financial forecasts do not assume that such funds will be available , but [think/show] the position as it is expected to be on the basis of reasonably firm government funding projections , with management studies developing slowly and with no major physical developments other than those funded by outside sources .

They do , however , reflect the expectation that expenditure on the Campaign will be significantly reduced with effect from 1994–5 .
they do , however , [think/show] the expectation that expenditure on the campaign will be significantly reduced with effect from 1994–5 .

Social and employment policy must reflect these new realities .
social and employment policy must [think/show] these new realities .

From the active research fields and interests of members of the academic staff , listed below , it may be seen that social , historical , urban , political , economic , quantitative and applied aspects reflect current emphases in Human Geography , whilst in Physical Geography studies of Karst , Quaternary environments , sedimentology , hydrology and palaeolimnology and the arid zone are among principal fields of research .
from the active research fields and interests of members of the academic staff , listed below , it may be seen that social , historical , urban , political , economic , quantitative and applied aspects [think/show] current emphases in human geography , whilst in physical geography studies of karst , quaternary environments , sedimentology , hydrology and palaeolimnology and the arid zone are among principal fields of research .

As mentioned in para 3.2 above , it does not have the force of law , but it does reflect what the City considers to be best practice in the conduct of takeovers .
as mentioned in para 3.2 above , it does not have the force of law , but it does [think/show] what the city considers to be best practice in the conduct of takeovers .

( a ) because the rights of preference shareholders are subordinated to those of loan stock holders , preference shareholders normally expect a higher yield to reflect the difference in risk . Loan stock may , accordingly , have a lower carrying cost ;
( a ) because the rights of preference shareholders are subordinated to those of loan stock holders , preference shareholders normally expect a higher yield to [think/show] the difference in risk . loan stock may , accordingly , have a lower carrying cost ;

It argues that they are deployed to reflect the developing cognitive and linguistic abilities of the novel 's characters .
it argues that they are deployed to [think/show] the developing cognitive and linguistic abilities of the novel 's characters .

My present concern , however , is with the contribution of metaphor and simile to the meaning of the novel , and specifically with the ways in which they are deployed to reflect the developing linguistic and intellectual abilities of the characters .
my present concern , however , is with the contribution of metaphor and simile to the meaning of the novel , and specifically with the ways in which they are deployed to [think/show] the developing linguistic and intellectual abilities of the characters .

If the land is unregistered , then the contract will have to be prepared by the seller 's conveyancer in order to reflect this fact .
if the land is unregistered , then the contract will have to be prepared by the seller 's conveyancer in order to [think/show] this fact .

To reflect the strophic build-up of the poem presents no great difficulty to a translator ; what is extremely difficult is to render into English , a stress-timed language , an idea of a metre based on syllabic timings .
to [think/show] the strophic build-up of the poem presents no great difficulty to a translator ; what is extremely difficult is to render into english , a stress-timed language , an idea of a metre based on syllabic timings .

The poem may be Greek in form , but these words reflect Roman society and politics , and they all elude , to a greater or lesser extent , comprehensive translation .
the poem may be greek in form , but these words [think/show] roman society and politics , and they all elude , to a greater or lesser extent , comprehensive translation .

Paragraphs ( a ) - ( c ) and perhaps , ( d ) of Sched 2 reflect this fact .
paragraphs ( a ) - ( c ) and perhaps , ( d ) of sched 2 [think/show] this fact .

On the other hand , if the incentives are too high , they may themselves distort the market , by giving the beneficiaries an unfair advantage or enabling them to operate in a way which does not reflect genuine supply and demand .
on the other hand , if the incentives are too high , they may themselves distort the market , by giving the beneficiaries an unfair advantage or enabling them to operate in a way which does not [think/show] genuine supply and demand .

Profit-sharing systems may need to be changed to reflect differences , though if a firm is committed to a practice area it should not penalise those lawyers who pursue it .
profit-sharing systems may need to be changed to [think/show] differences , though if a firm is committed to a practice area it should not penalise those lawyers who pursue it .

These powers date from 1954 , and reflect the exaggerated fears of that period about untried and untrusted commercial exploitation of the medium .
these powers date from 1954 , and [think/show] the exaggerated fears of that period about untried and untrusted commercial exploitation of the medium .

But that did n't reflect her true opinion .
but that did n't [think/show] her true opinion .

Hence , Scotch is an important earner for the government but the trends in the domestic market , and particularly in the demand for Scotch , reflect the need for a fundamental review of taxation policy .
hence , scotch is an important earner for the government but the trends in the domestic market , and particularly in the demand for scotch , [think/show] the need for a fundamental review of taxation policy .

That is , he wishes to be able to change the structure of excise duties to reflect changing market circumstances experienced by different sectors of the drinks market .
that is , he wishes to be able to change the structure of excise duties to [think/show] changing market circumstances experienced by different sectors of the drinks market .

The Chancellor has been unwilling to use his flexibility to reflect the reality of such competition to allow spirits to compete on more equal terms .
the chancellor has been unwilling to use his flexibility to [think/show] the reality of such competition to allow spirits to compete on more equal terms .

The strength of these powers ( and others not detailed here ) reflect the concern which is felt at the loss of historic buildings .
the strength of these powers ( and others not detailed here ) [think/show] the concern which is felt at the loss of historic buildings .

For instance , childhood conduct disorder may often lead to anti-social behaviour in adulthood , but this may reflect either the continuity of the disorder or the different effects of the same social stress acting first upon a child and later upon an adult ( Graham , 1983 ) .
for instance , childhood conduct disorder may often lead to anti-social behaviour in adulthood , but this may [think/show] either the continuity of the disorder or the different effects of the same social stress acting first upon a child and later upon an adult ( graham , 1983 ) .

Weiss believes friendships to be important in so far as they reflect attitudes and behaviour that are supportive of the individual 's own beliefs , and they provide a reassurance of self-worth by virtue of their acceptance .
weiss believes friendships to be important in so far as they [think/show] attitudes and behaviour that are supportive of the individual 's own beliefs , and they provide a reassurance of self-worth by virtue of their acceptance .

The very different patterns in the different orientations in each flow must reflect orientation of the coherent structures .
the very different patterns in the different orientations in each flow must [think/show] orientation of the coherent structures .

The texts at the beginning of the exhibition explained that the purpose of these juxtapositions was to ‘ reflect the long established practice of studying old work for instruction ’ .
the texts at the beginning of the exhibition explained that the purpose of these juxtapositions was to ‘ [think/show] the long established practice of studying old work for instruction ’ .

you are associated , rightly or wrongly , with figurative art . Dows this reflect you personal preference ?
you are associated , rightly or wrongly , with figurative art . dows this [think/show] you personal preference ?

This may partly reflect the inherent conservatism of the publishing world here .
this may partly [think/show] the inherent conservatism of the publishing world here .

Now of course they will say that their goal is to win but unfortunately their actions do n't seem to reflect this ; no matter the amount of money Leeds needs to keep its class players if it wants to win .
now of course they will say that their goal is to win but unfortunately their actions do n't seem to [think/show] this ; no matter the amount of money leeds needs to keep its class players if it wants to win .

( The interest that the government has to pay will reflect the market rate of interest at the time when the bonds are issued . )
( the interest that the government has to pay will [think/show] the market rate of interest at the time when the bonds are issued . )

Interest rates are adjusted from time to time to reflect market conditions , and will be chosen to balance long-term inflows of deposits with the demand for loans : higher interest rates attracting more deposits and reducing the demand for loans .
interest rates are adjusted from time to time to [think/show] market conditions , and will be chosen to balance long-term inflows of deposits with the demand for loans : higher interest rates attracting more deposits and reducing the demand for loans .

The rates of interest negotiated will reflect the current market rates of interest and the terms of the particular loan/deposit .
the rates of interest negotiated will [think/show] the current market rates of interest and the terms of the particular loan/deposit .

Demand and supply will ensure that the rate of discount will reflect market rates of interest .
demand and supply will ensure that the rate of discount will [think/show] market rates of interest .

Nevertheless , such patterns reflect not only the present fauna , but in the cases of long-lived trees , the fauna of the past .
nevertheless , such patterns [think/show] not only the present fauna , but in the cases of long-lived trees , the fauna of the past .

The geographic differences may be genetic or reflect the age of insects or the availability of resources .
the geographic differences may be genetic or [think/show] the age of insects or the availability of resources .

Similarly , in the igapo forests , that is those inundated by black or clear water , in Brazil , the species distributions are thought to reflect differential tolerance of flooding .
similarly , in the igapo forests , that is those inundated by black or clear water , in brazil , the species distributions are thought to [think/show] differential tolerance of flooding .

In our attempt to understand the diversity of tropical forests , using largely the example of the trees , we have had to take into account all the features of the plant that would appear to reflect the forces of natural selection in terms of physical factors : meteorological , topographical , pedological , and biotic ones .
in our attempt to understand the diversity of tropical forests , using largely the example of the trees , we have had to take into account all the features of the plant that would appear to [think/show] the forces of natural selection in terms of physical factors : meteorological , topographical , pedological , and biotic ones .

Since the livrets were published at the time of the performances , they presumably reflect what the audiences actually heard .
since the livrets were published at the time of the performances , they presumably [think/show] what the audiences actually heard .

8 The total timing appears to reflect the use of the shorter versions of those movements where such exist , adding up to 30 ‘ bonnes minutes ’ , i.e. it includes two timings of ‘ bonnes minutes ’ and one of ‘ petites minutes , matching well the inscription ‘ une bonne demi-heure ’ ( See also note 12 . )
8 the total timing appears to [think/show] the use of the shorter versions of those movements where such exist , adding up to 30 ‘ bonnes minutes ’ , i.e. it includes two timings of ‘ bonnes minutes ’ and one of ‘ petites minutes , matching well the inscription ‘ une bonne demi-heure ’ ( see also note 12 . )

Changes of affect always govern key changes , and as with Campra these also reflect dramatic episodes .
changes of affect always govern key changes , and as with campra these also [think/show] dramatic episodes .

To the extent that Europeans know of this Oxbridge dominance , my experience is that they regard it with some satisfaction ( they have generally heard of Oxford and Cambridge ) , but that their satisfaction changes to complacency when they reflect upon what they believe to be the uniquely class-ridden structure of English society .
to the extent that europeans know of this oxbridge dominance , my experience is that they regard it with some satisfaction ( they have generally heard of oxford and cambridge ) , but that their satisfaction changes to complacency when they [think/show] upon what they believe to be the uniquely class-ridden structure of english society .

Since at least the later 1970s , perhaps in reaction to the flamboyant ( and highly successful ) practices of the Munrow era , many critics writing in England have suspected that conspicuous and varied orchestrations of medieval and Renaissance music reflect performers ' failure of confidence in the variety and quality of the music they are performing .
since at least the later 1970s , perhaps in reaction to the flamboyant ( and highly successful ) practices of the munrow era , many critics writing in england have suspected that conspicuous and varied orchestrations of medieval and renaissance music [think/show] performers ' failure of confidence in the variety and quality of the music they are performing .

They will say that we have a responsibility to serve all sections of society and to produce programmes that reflect and represent the composition of the nation accurately .
they will say that we have a responsibility to serve all sections of society and to produce programmes that [think/show] and represent the composition of the nation accurately .

It would reflect really badly on me if you left without notice .
it would [think/show] really badly on me if you left without notice .

Both normal and reverse faulting can create a fault scarp , the initial angle of which will reflect the dip of the fault plane .
both normal and reverse faulting can create a fault scarp , the initial angle of which will [think/show] the dip of the fault plane .

Some rift valley lakes , such as Lake Tanganyika , Lake Malawi and Lake Turkana in East Africa have a slightly sinuous plan form which may reflect the structural control exerted by these alternating curved boundary faults .
some rift valley lakes , such as lake tanganyika , lake malawi and lake turkana in east africa have a slightly sinuous plan form which may [think/show] the structural control exerted by these alternating curved boundary faults .

Such patterns appear to reflect the way in which the lithosphere fractures as magma forces its way up to the surface .
such patterns appear to [think/show] the way in which the lithosphere fractures as magma forces its way up to the surface .

Vertical differentiation in mineralogy in weathering profiles may also reflect the stage-by-stage alteration of primary rock minerals .
vertical differentiation in mineralogy in weathering profiles may also [think/show] the stage-by-stage alteration of primary rock minerals .

The order of records must reflect the functions and activities at the organisation that created the records .
the order of records must [think/show] the functions and activities at the organisation that created the records .

She does not principally want to know what the data signify in themselves but how texts reflect processes of communication , and how and why they were used to organise purposeful action , make valid claims , or to express feelings .
she does not principally want to know what the data signify in themselves but how texts [think/show] processes of communication , and how and why they were used to organise purposeful action , make valid claims , or to express feelings .

This , of course , might merely reflect the actual flattening effect which information technology appears to have on organisational structures anyway .
this , of course , might merely [think/show] the actual flattening effect which information technology appears to have on organisational structures anyway .

Even within existing state bodies , the workings of legal or administrative imperatives are being complicated by commercial forces , which reflect the revolution in the bureaucratic culture of British institutions over the past decade .
even within existing state bodies , the workings of legal or administrative imperatives are being complicated by commercial forces , which [think/show] the revolution in the bureaucratic culture of british institutions over the past decade .

Thus , if an organisation chooses not to recognise its e-mail messages as having formal record status and its procedures accurately reflect this , then they would not be records and vice versa .
thus , if an organisation chooses not to recognise its e-mail messages as having formal record status and its procedures accurately [think/show] this , then they would not be records and vice versa .

The Law Commission is currently considering recommendations to alter the legislation to more accurately reflect the position of computers in modern business .
the law commission is currently considering recommendations to alter the legislation to more accurately [think/show] the position of computers in modern business .

The accuracy requirement and degree of protection attached to this element should therefore reflect its unique role .
the accuracy requirement and degree of protection attached to this element should therefore [think/show] its unique role .

For example , if identification of an individual is made via an address , then it is critical that this data element is detailed enough to reflect the fact that the location may be divided into separate units
for example , if identification of an individual is made via an address , then it is critical that this data element is detailed enough to [think/show] the fact that the location may be divided into separate units

The adopted position seems to reflect the current situation in countries such as France and Germany .
the adopted position seems to [think/show] the current situation in countries such as france and germany .

One has only to reflect on the enumeration of the varied properties of a state of full employment in the General Theory to realize that something is seriously wrong .
one has only to [think/show] on the enumeration of the varied properties of a state of full employment in the general theory to realize that something is seriously wrong .

Workers are intertemporal speculators and abnormally high unemployment rates reflect the subjective speculation by workers that the real wage rate will rise to its normal value in the near future .
workers are intertemporal speculators and abnormally high unemployment rates [think/show] the subjective speculation by workers that the real wage rate will rise to its normal value in the near future .

In practice , though virtually every firm should have a written agreement or deed , a surprising number do not , and even where one is in existence it is frequently open to doubt as to whether its terms accurately or adequately reflect the actual practices of the partnership .
in practice , though virtually every firm should have a written agreement or deed , a surprising number do not , and even where one is in existence it is frequently open to doubt as to whether its terms accurately or adequately [think/show] the actual practices of the partnership .

Whilst the provisions of the agreement should when drafted accurately reflect what the partners desire to happen in certain specified events or , at any rate , what the partners may have agreed as a satisfactory basis for subsequent negotiation or a sufficient fall-back position if those negotiations should break down , they should be kept under regular review .
whilst the provisions of the agreement should when drafted accurately [think/show] what the partners desire to happen in certain specified events or , at any rate , what the partners may have agreed as a satisfactory basis for subsequent negotiation or a sufficient fall-back position if those negotiations should break down , they should be kept under regular review .

Since no firm of solicitors can ever afford to retain the services of any employee or partner whose conduct tends to reflect ill on the reputation of the practice , and since the circumstances may rarely be so clear cut as to secure withdrawal from the firm by consent , thorough consideration must be given at the outset to the conditions for expelling partners .
since no firm of solicitors can ever afford to retain the services of any employee or partner whose conduct tends to [think/show] ill on the reputation of the practice , and since the circumstances may rarely be so clear cut as to secure withdrawal from the firm by consent , thorough consideration must be given at the outset to the conditions for expelling partners .

The choice does not have to lie between unanimity and a simple majority of the partners : frequently the required majority will be set at a higher level than 50 per cent plus one to reflect the importance of the matter under discussion .
the choice does not have to lie between unanimity and a simple majority of the partners : frequently the required majority will be set at a higher level than 50 per cent plus one to [think/show] the importance of the matter under discussion .

Work in progress may be agreed to be brought in at less than its face value to reflect expenses incurred during the period between bill delivery and payment .
work in progress may be agreed to be brought in at less than its face value to [think/show] expenses incurred during the period between bill delivery and payment .

In the former case the plan is unlikely to provide sufficient information to enable the boundaries to be accurately ascertained , while in the latter case the plan will reflect features on the ground rather than boundaries between different owners .
in the former case the plan is unlikely to provide sufficient information to enable the boundaries to be accurately ascertained , while in the latter case the plan will [think/show] features on the ground rather than boundaries between different owners .

An added precautionary measure is to form Newco specially for the management buy-out rather than acquire a shelf company , because a shelf company 's accounting period may have commenced at a time when its Memorandum of Association does not reflect the relevant purpose test , for example , where a general trading company is purchased and turned into a holding company .
an added precautionary measure is to form newco specially for the management buy-out rather than acquire a shelf company , because a shelf company 's accounting period may have commenced at a time when its memorandum of association does not [think/show] the relevant purpose test , for example , where a general trading company is purchased and turned into a holding company .

Records of past climates were inferred from analyzing oxygen types in the ice , with changes in relative oxygen densities being assumed to reflect temperature changes .
records of past climates were inferred from analyzing oxygen types in the ice , with changes in relative oxygen densities being assumed to [think/show] temperature changes .

Mahathir said : `` It is the rich who must be prepared to sacrifice their progress in the interest of our development … The negotiations to prepare for Rio reflect the continuing attempt by the South to bring the North to the table to overcome over four decades of neglect on the growth and development of the South … Fear in the North of environmental degradation provides the South with the leverage which did not exist before `` .
mahathir said : `` it is the rich who must be prepared to sacrifice their progress in the interest of our development … the negotiations to prepare for rio [think/show] the continuing attempt by the south to bring the north to the table to overcome over four decades of neglect on the growth and development of the south … fear in the north of environmental degradation provides the south with the leverage which did not exist before `` .

Among the " quick fix " solutions which have been proposed to counter global warming are : placing thousand of large mirrors in space to reflect sunlight ; making aircraft engines less efficient so that soot builds up in the stratosphere , with similar effect ; dumping iron filings into the oceans to stimulate the growth of plankton , which absorbs carbon dioxide ; using lasers to break up chlorofluorocarbons in the atmosphere ; and firing a million tons of dust into the upper atmosphere , also with a view to reflecting solar radiation .
among the " quick fix " solutions which have been proposed to counter global warming are : placing thousand of large mirrors in space to [think/show] sunlight ; making aircraft engines less efficient so that soot builds up in the stratosphere , with similar effect ; dumping iron filings into the oceans to stimulate the growth of plankton , which absorbs carbon dioxide ; using lasers to break up chlorofluorocarbons in the atmosphere ; and firing a million tons of dust into the upper atmosphere , also with a view to reflecting solar radiation .

The Party 's choice of one man and one woman ( London school teacher Jean Lambert ) is intended to reflect a commitment to equality .
the party 's choice of one man and one woman ( london school teacher jean lambert ) is intended to [think/show] a commitment to equality .

Left unchecked , the haze could absorb solar radiation , warming the Arctic and in turn aggravating global warming by melting the ice and snow that reflect some of the sun 's rays back into space .
left unchecked , the haze could absorb solar radiation , warming the arctic and in turn aggravating global warming by melting the ice and snow that [think/show] some of the sun 's rays back into space .

Both Constitutions are strong ones in that they reflect and reinforce their respective political cultures .
both constitutions are strong ones in that they [think/show] and reinforce their respective political cultures .

It is extremely odd to reflect today that whilst the `` boffins `` managed to save the country in 1940 with radar in the Battle of Britain , no parallel device was being developed to help Bomber Command .
it is extremely odd to [think/show] today that whilst the `` boffins `` managed to save the country in 1940 with radar in the battle of britain , no parallel device was being developed to help bomber command .

Very very much more effective , perhaps more so than we at first realize , although it is almost obvious when we reflect further .
very very much more effective , perhaps more so than we at first realize , although it is almost obvious when we [think/show] further .

Science and technology performed within a particular social order reflect the norms and ideology of that order .
science and technology performed within a particular social order [think/show] the norms and ideology of that order .

Forms do not then merely passively reflect or represent `` ways of life `` ( though they do this too ) ; crucially they enable or curtail forms of living ( producing , reproducing ) . ``
forms do not then merely passively [think/show] or represent `` ways of life `` ( though they do this too ) ; crucially they enable or curtail forms of living ( producing , reproducing ) . ``

To reflect this interest , the article follows the pattern of much stylistic work by using linguistic analysis to provide a window on the devices which characterise a particular work .
to [think/show] this interest , the article follows the pattern of much stylistic work by using linguistic analysis to provide a window on the devices which characterise a particular work .

Lee seems to suggest that the relationship between tense and time is such that they reflect a simple cognitive process .
lee seems to suggest that the relationship between tense and time is such that they [think/show] a simple cognitive process .

Does the standard of housing reflect on the standard of health ? Divis Twinbrook Moyard
does the standard of housing [think/show] on the standard of health ? divis twinbrook moyard

Carmarthen 's street scenes reflect bygone years as do its placenames .
carmarthen 's street scenes [think/show] bygone years as do its placenames .

These reactions accurately reflect the vivid metaphors we find in the Bible , used by its writers to describe the impact God 's word made in their own experience .
these reactions accurately [think/show] the vivid metaphors we find in the bible , used by its writers to describe the impact god 's word made in their own experience .

This is not surprising , if both reflect memories of an actual event in the same general area .
this is not surprising , if both [think/show] memories of an actual event in the same general area .

Moses ' long communion with God shows in his face when he returns to the people : he begins to reflect something of God 's own glory ( see 2 Corinthians 3–18 ) .
moses ' long communion with god shows in his face when he returns to the people : he begins to [think/show] something of god 's own glory ( see 2 corinthians 3–18 ) .

God 's holiness , the holiness we are to reflect , shows itself in concern for the underprivileged ( 9–10 , 14 , 20 ) , in honesty , fair dealing and impartial justice ( 11 , 13 , 15 ) and in respect for life and reputation ( 16–18 ) .
god 's holiness , the holiness we are to [think/show] , shows itself in concern for the underprivileged ( 9–10 , 14 , 20 ) , in honesty , fair dealing and impartial justice ( 11 , 13 , 15 ) and in respect for life and reputation ( 16–18 ) .

Israel 's special festivals , like the weekly sabbath , reflect a pattern of sevens — pointing back to God 's hallowing of the seventh day at the creation .
israel 's special festivals , like the weekly sabbath , [think/show] a pattern of sevens — pointing back to god 's hallowing of the seventh day at the creation .

This may reflect King Henry 's more immediate concern with rebels whose main fortress was only fifteen miles south-west of Poitiers , or it may be that Count William of Angoulême was overshadowed by the more vigorous personality of the new head of the house of Lusignan , Geoffrey de Lusignan .
this may [think/show] king henry 's more immediate concern with rebels whose main fortress was only fifteen miles south-west of poitiers , or it may be that count william of angoulême was overshadowed by the more vigorous personality of the new head of the house of lusignan , geoffrey de lusignan .

Colours and designs created by tiny scales , overlapping like tiles on a roof , come from pigments , or the effects of microscopic structures which split the light falling on them and reflect back only a part of it .
colours and designs created by tiny scales , overlapping like tiles on a roof , come from pigments , or the effects of microscopic structures which split the light falling on them and [think/show] back only a part of it .

’ Differences may reflect subtleties of attitude ( e.g .
’ differences may [think/show] subtleties of attitude ( e.g .

These two assumptions , when combined with Contrast , become equivalent to Markman 's ( 1984 ) principle of Mutual Exclusivity , and seem to reflect a fundamental factor in the organization of conceptual categories — namely , categories should be organized , at least initially , in non-overlapping fashion at the same level ( see also Shipley and Kuhn , 1983 , and Clark , in preparation ) .
these two assumptions , when combined with contrast , become equivalent to markman 's ( 1984 ) principle of mutual exclusivity , and seem to [think/show] a fundamental factor in the organization of conceptual categories — namely , categories should be organized , at least initially , in non-overlapping fashion at the same level ( see also shipley and kuhn , 1983 , and clark , in preparation ) .

It can mean to hold an opinion or a belief , it can mean to reflect , it can mean to have an idea , and it can mean to wish .
it can mean to hold an opinion or a belief , it can mean to [think/show] , it can mean to have an idea , and it can mean to wish .

As he said in a radio broadcast in 1946 , the Criterion in later years `` tended to reflect a particular point of view rather than to illustrate a variety of views on that plane . ``
as he said in a radio broadcast in 1946 , the criterion in later years `` tended to [think/show] a particular point of view rather than to illustrate a variety of views on that plane . ``

Martin Browne himself believed that Eliot was too ready to rely upon outworn social and theatrical conventions , but suggested that they `` reflect an unconscious reversion to the drama that Eliot must have seen as a young theatregoer before 1914 `` .
martin browne himself believed that eliot was too ready to rely upon outworn social and theatrical conventions , but suggested that they `` [think/show] an unconscious reversion to the drama that eliot must have seen as a young theatregoer before 1914 `` .

And did they reflect that they , who had not merely mastered but discovered the much more difficult law , who had got their economics so impregnably right , would be seen to stand shining brightest of all in the very front rank ?
and did they [think/show] that they , who had not merely mastered but discovered the much more difficult law , who had got their economics so impregnably right , would be seen to stand shining brightest of all in the very front rank ?

Member States may , of course , amend the constitutive treaty in accordance with any amendment clause it may contain , or under general principles of treaty law , to reflect the evolving practice of the organisation .
member states may , of course , amend the constitutive treaty in accordance with any amendment clause it may contain , or under general principles of treaty law , to [think/show] the evolving practice of the organisation .

`` It 's just a trick , really , it 's easy , `` said Clara , and she took back the egg , and found that she could not put it together again either , so they decided to abandon it , and left it in little pieces in a glass dish on the mantelpiece with some dry and coloured gourds , and then they went downstairs and out into the park , and walked towards the bus stop , and Clara explained , lest the gourds and the egg should be thought to reflect in any way on herself , that they had been given to her by a friend the week before , to celebrate her twenty-second birthday .
`` it 's just a trick , really , it 's easy , `` said clara , and she took back the egg , and found that she could not put it together again either , so they decided to abandon it , and left it in little pieces in a glass dish on the mantelpiece with some dry and coloured gourds , and then they went downstairs and out into the park , and walked towards the bus stop , and clara explained , lest the gourds and the egg should be thought to [think/show] in any way on herself , that they had been given to her by a friend the week before , to celebrate her twenty-second birthday .

The creation of such a ‘ free state ’ of the same order as the one which the French already recognized in Hanoi was bound to reflect on French good faith and again to call the unity of Vietnam into question .
the creation of such a ‘ free state ’ of the same order as the one which the french already recognized in hanoi was bound to [think/show] on french good faith and again to call the unity of vietnam into question .

In the 1932 election campaign , Hoover 's gloomy performance seemed to reflect the steadily worsening economic situation .
in the 1932 election campaign , hoover 's gloomy performance seemed to [think/show] the steadily worsening economic situation .

Failure to conform in this way are adjudged by the journal 's reviewers to provide evidence of a scholarly inadequacy which is taken to reflect a personal lack of taste and tact .
failure to conform in this way are adjudged by the journal 's reviewers to provide evidence of a scholarly inadequacy which is taken to [think/show] a personal lack of taste and tact .

An impressive university department might be staffed with the established academics who have lately confessed , in print , to basic doubts about the validity and purpose of English literary studies ; and it is hard today to think of any branch of formal literary study that does not reflect something of the same malaise .
an impressive university department might be staffed with the established academics who have lately confessed , in print , to basic doubts about the validity and purpose of english literary studies ; and it is hard today to think of any branch of formal literary study that does not [think/show] something of the same malaise .

In no Latin American country do the mass media reflect the situation of the indigenous population , despite the fact that there are over 40 million indigenous inhabitants ( almost 6.5 % of a total population of some 663 million ) .
in no latin american country do the mass media [think/show] the situation of the indigenous population , despite the fact that there are over 40 million indigenous inhabitants ( almost 6.5 % of a total population of some 663 million ) .

Many development professional and policy-makers hold deep-seated beliefs that women are not men 's equals , and that economies and societies are correctly organised to reflect this inequality .
many development professional and policy-makers hold deep-seated beliefs that women are not men 's equals , and that economies and societies are correctly organised to [think/show] this inequality .

‘ Perhaps now is the time for us , as Christians , to reflect on our contribution to this non-communication .
‘ perhaps now is the time for us , as christians , to [think/show] on our contribution to this non-communication .

Liberation theology is such a circle , but the theology does not really reflect the aboriginal spirituality , ’ he said .
liberation theology is such a circle , but the theology does not really [think/show] the aboriginal spirituality , ’ he said .

The 500th anniversary provides an opportunity for indigenous and Black groups from Latin America and the Caribbean to join together to reflect on their history , and to reclaim the justice and dignity that is the right of all people .
the 500th anniversary provides an opportunity for indigenous and black groups from latin america and the caribbean to join together to [think/show] on their history , and to reclaim the justice and dignity that is the right of all people .

Jacob Srampickal , the Institute 's Programme Coordinator , said the main objective of their festival was ‘ to bring together rural and urban popular theatre practitioners and help them reflect on how they are using people 's media for social awareness-building . ’
jacob srampickal , the institute 's programme coordinator , said the main objective of their festival was ‘ to bring together rural and urban popular theatre practitioners and help them [think/show] on how they are using people 's media for social awareness-building . ’

These bases reflect the ecumenical nature of her work .
these bases [think/show] the ecumenical nature of her work .

It calls for the setting up of political , socio-economic and cultural institutions that are ‘ truly democratic and that reflect an equitable distribution of power ’ .
it calls for the setting up of political , socio-economic and cultural institutions that are ‘ truly democratic and that [think/show] an equitable distribution of power ’ .

These can range from the use of colour in the sanctuary to reflect the colours of the liturgical seasons , and what to think about when designing letterheads for congregations .
these can range from the use of colour in the sanctuary to [think/show] the colours of the liturgical seasons , and what to think about when designing letterheads for congregations .

The large villas with their elaborate pavements reflect a degree of ostentation , which could only be associated with a well-to-do land-owning or farming class .
the large villas with their elaborate pavements [think/show] a degree of ostentation , which could only be associated with a well-to-do land-owning or farming class .

It may seem strange that such an important and renowned healing centre should have been given up so easily and so early , and this may reflect the despoliation and depredations by members of the House of Constantine .
it may seem strange that such an important and renowned healing centre should have been given up so easily and so early , and this may [think/show] the despoliation and depredations by members of the house of constantine .

Only in a few cases , as at Brading , do they reflect any deeply held beliefs or cult practices .
only in a few cases , as at brading , do they [think/show] any deeply held beliefs or cult practices .

There are fragments of some other scenes on British pottery which appear to reflect aspects of the seasonal festivals .
there are fragments of some other scenes on british pottery which appear to [think/show] aspects of the seasonal festivals .

The lesson our Party draws is important that all of us , individuals and corporations alike , have a responsibility to reflect the values we expect our fellow citizens to exhibit .
the lesson our party draws is important that all of us , individuals and corporations alike , have a responsibility to [think/show] the values we expect our fellow citizens to exhibit .

The ensuing doctrines of fraud , mistake , duress , undue influence and capacity reflect in their details a particular view of the appropriate operation of the market .
the ensuing doctrines of fraud , mistake , duress , undue influence and capacity [think/show] in their details a particular view of the appropriate operation of the market .

But we glimpse from time to time those considerations at work when courts examine the insurance position of the parties and reflect upon the implications of unlimited liability to an indeterminate number of plaintiffs .
but we glimpse from time to time those considerations at work when courts examine the insurance position of the parties and [think/show] upon the implications of unlimited liability to an indeterminate number of plaintiffs .

The discussion of the methods by which company law has sought to legitimate the power conferred upon corporate managers and an assessment of their efficacy will be broken into parts to reflect these two strategies .
the discussion of the methods by which company law has sought to legitimate the power conferred upon corporate managers and an assessment of their efficacy will be broken into parts to [think/show] these two strategies .

In other words these legal rules simply reflect the agreement the parties would have reached if bargaining on these questions had taken place at arm 's length .
in other words these legal rules simply [think/show] the agreement the parties would have reached if bargaining on these questions had taken place at arm 's length .

What is less widely recognized is that , whatever their claims to empirical evidence in support , these arguments reflect a particular intellectual tradition , that of liberal political philosophy .
what is less widely recognized is that , whatever their claims to empirical evidence in support , these arguments [think/show] a particular intellectual tradition , that of liberal political philosophy .

George Wachter , head of Sotheby 's Old Master paintings department in New York , explains that the core of the Ortiz-Patiño pictures is ‘ essentially Venetian and French eighteenth-century paintings collected by Mr Ortiz-Patiño 's parents , that reflect their taste as well as the fashionable taste of the period ’ .
george wachter , head of sotheby 's old master paintings department in new york , explains that the core of the ortiz-patiño pictures is ‘ essentially venetian and french eighteenth-century paintings collected by mr ortiz-patiño 's parents , that [think/show] their taste as well as the fashionable taste of the period ’ .

Our intent is to reflect the established image of Colnaghi worldwide , to show what Colnaghi is , rather than to cater to a specific national taste .
our intent is to [think/show] the established image of colnaghi worldwide , to show what colnaghi is , rather than to cater to a specific national taste .

The bullish estimates of the top lots in this Latin American sale reflect the fact that this field is flourishing .
the bullish estimates of the top lots in this latin american sale [think/show] the fact that this field is flourishing .

‘ Proposals ’ also reflect the widely varying philosophies of the museum 's changing administrations .
‘ proposals ’ also [think/show] the widely varying philosophies of the museum 's changing administrations .

It is evident from surviving correspondence and from reports of diplomatic missions that contemporaries expected relationships between the courts of England and France to reflect the accepted tenets of courtly politesse and courtesy .
it is evident from surviving correspondence and from reports of diplomatic missions that contemporaries expected relationships between the courts of england and france to [think/show] the accepted tenets of courtly politesse and courtesy .

Institutions can directly reflect political circumstances , and there can be no divorce between the implications of that feudal relationship and its expression in ‘ constitutional ’ forms — in appellate jurisdiction , in the devices used to delay homage or evade services , or in the administrative expedients whereby rights and revenues were upheld and increased .
institutions can directly [think/show] political circumstances , and there can be no divorce between the implications of that feudal relationship and its expression in ‘ constitutional ’ forms — in appellate jurisdiction , in the devices used to delay homage or evade services , or in the administrative expedients whereby rights and revenues were upheld and increased .

Obviously though , prices have increased , and a properly defined index should reflect this , by taking into account the qualitative change in the drawings sold over the two years .
obviously though , prices have increased , and a properly defined index should [think/show] this , by taking into account the qualitative change in the drawings sold over the two years .

The exhibition does nevertheless reflect changes and blurrings in the artistic vocabulary of which Beyeler has had first-hand experience during his forty-year career , as it explores developments from Minimal Art to the international Transavanguardia .
the exhibition does nevertheless [think/show] changes and blurrings in the artistic vocabulary of which beyeler has had first-hand experience during his forty-year career , as it explores developments from minimal art to the international transavanguardia .

These connections suggest that what a woman says about housework at the beginning of her interview does not only reflect on the mode of feeling-expression general in her class-specific linguistic code .
these connections suggest that what a woman says about housework at the beginning of her interview does not only [think/show] on the mode of feeling-expression general in her class-specific linguistic code .

Whether they are men or women , from home or overseas , of the traditional or mature variety , students conform to no single model but reflect the widest variety of human types .
whether they are men or women , from home or overseas , of the traditional or mature variety , students conform to no single model but [think/show] the widest variety of human types .

For a harmonious effect , aim to reflect the overall tonality of the room , or ensure that a single colour from the woodwork or furnishings is echoed in the rug .
for a harmonious effect , aim to [think/show] the overall tonality of the room , or ensure that a single colour from the woodwork or furnishings is echoed in the rug .

After the initial impact of Anatolian and Persian designs and their consequent fusion with the traditional decorative schemes of each country , European designs tended to reflect the broader artistic and design movements of each successive period .
after the initial impact of anatolian and persian designs and their consequent fusion with the traditional decorative schemes of each country , european designs tended to [think/show] the broader artistic and design movements of each successive period .

If regulation is involved , those charged with performing the surveillance should be seen as responsive to consumer as well as producer interests , if they are to reflect societies ' preferences .
if regulation is involved , those charged with performing the surveillance should be seen as responsive to consumer as well as producer interests , if they are to [think/show] societies ' preferences .

Share values are assumed to reflect the stream of future earnings obtainable from them , but the future is unknown ( though shareholders naturally have expectations ) .
share values are assumed to [think/show] the stream of future earnings obtainable from them , but the future is unknown ( though shareholders naturally have expectations ) .

The firm can adjust subsequent managerial salaries to reflect overconsumption of non-salary perquisites , or at least can attempt to do so based on the information available .
the firm can adjust subsequent managerial salaries to [think/show] overconsumption of non-salary perquisites , or at least can attempt to do so based on the information available .

To use the linguist 's terminology , they would be referred to as weak methods , to reflect their lack of theoretical rigour .
to use the linguist 's terminology , they would be referred to as weak methods , to [think/show] their lack of theoretical rigour .

Indeed , it is argued that the conspicuous gap between the reading performance of people and that of algorithms may reflect the fact that few text recognition systems utilise the many knowledge sources or recognition strategy of the human reader [ Hull , 1987 ] .
indeed , it is argued that the conspicuous gap between the reading performance of people and that of algorithms may [think/show] the fact that few text recognition systems utilise the many knowledge sources or recognition strategy of the human reader [ hull , 1987 ] .

Evidently , there can only be one correct word in a given sentence position , and this result may reflect the effective exploitation of this constraint .
evidently , there can only be one correct word in a given sentence position , and this result may [think/show] the effective exploitation of this constraint .

The conspicuous gap between the reading performance of people and that of algorithms may reflect the fact that few text recognition systems utilise the many knowledge sources or recognition strategy of the human reader [ Hull , 1987 ] .
the conspicuous gap between the reading performance of people and that of algorithms may [think/show] the fact that few text recognition systems utilise the many knowledge sources or recognition strategy of the human reader [ hull , 1987 ] .

To some extent this may have been due to the Stanleys ' own efforts , since they had the firmer territorial base in the region , but it must also reflect the king 's wishes .
to some extent this may have been due to the stanleys ' own efforts , since they had the firmer territorial base in the region , but it must also [think/show] the king 's wishes .

The averages reflect a continuing social polarization , as one section of the population prospered and the condition of the low-paid and irregularly employed altered little .
the averages [think/show] a continuing social polarization , as one section of the population prospered and the condition of the low-paid and irregularly employed altered little .

Located on Bali 's southern peninsula , the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel is designed to reflect traditional Balinese architecture and is set in large , tropical gardens , leading to a superb white sandy beach .
located on bali 's southern peninsula , the nusa dua beach hotel is designed to [think/show] traditional balinese architecture and is set in large , tropical gardens , leading to a superb white sandy beach .

The old bullying manner is completely gone ; we now find a persuasive , informal atmosphere , supported by illustrations which reflect the text in their message that bringing up babies is hair-raising , maybe , but lots of fun for everyone — just as the clinical photographs and chaste drawings of the old baby books reflect their atmosphere of stern duty .
the old bullying manner is completely gone ; we now find a persuasive , informal atmosphere , supported by illustrations which [think/show] the text in their message that bringing up babies is hair-raising , maybe , but lots of fun for everyone — just as the clinical photographs and chaste drawings of the old baby books [think/show] their atmosphere of stern duty .

The labels parents attach to particular behaviour patterns often reflect this : thus one set of parents may see a grossly inactive baby as ‘ placid ’ and happily accept him as that , while another set might see the same child as irritatingly ‘ lazy ’ and accordingly try to force him to behave differently .
the labels parents attach to particular behaviour patterns often [think/show] this : thus one set of parents may see a grossly inactive baby as ‘ placid ’ and happily accept him as that , while another set might see the same child as irritatingly ‘ lazy ’ and accordingly try to force him to behave differently .

Counsellors need regular independent supervision to help them reflect on their practice in a non-judgemental way ( the counsellor/patient relationship is parallel to that between supervisor and counsellor ) .
counsellors need regular independent supervision to help them [think/show] on their practice in a non-judgemental way ( the counsellor/patient relationship is parallel to that between supervisor and counsellor ) .

In order to study effectively you need to be organised and to put sufficient time aside to learn and to reflect .
in order to study effectively you need to be organised and to put sufficient time aside to learn and to [think/show] .

The changes reflect altering taste and also developments in technology .
the changes [think/show] altering taste and also developments in technology .

As for Galileo himself , the fateful urgency with which he mobilized the earth could reflect a genuine desire to uphold the reputation of Catholic scholarship .
as for galileo himself , the fateful urgency with which he mobilized the earth could [think/show] a genuine desire to uphold the reputation of catholic scholarship .

This may reflect the belief that catalogs of data were more appropriate fur teaching purposes or that there were pressures to shy away from controversial ideas .
this may [think/show] the belief that catalogs of data were more appropriate fur teaching purposes or that there were pressures to shy away from controversial ideas .

On the positive side some of your comments did reflect my own findings .
on the positive side some of your comments did [think/show] my own findings .

They reflect managers ' choices about how best to serve markets .
they [think/show] managers ' choices about how best to serve markets .

How firms actually reacted to these policies and practices will be best seen when , in the next chapter , we review how corporate strategies made at the world headquarters have been adjusted at local levels to reflect national possibilities .
how firms actually reacted to these policies and practices will be best seen when , in the next chapter , we review how corporate strategies made at the world headquarters have been adjusted at local levels to [think/show] national possibilities .

One of the principles in the Act is that the severity of the sentence should reflect the seriousness of the offence .
one of the principles in the act is that the severity of the sentence should [think/show] the seriousness of the offence .

Different forms of law , it was argued , reflect different bases for social solidarity .
different forms of law , it was argued , [think/show] different bases for social solidarity .

That particular weakness also serves to reflect a more basic tension within the Fabian model of evolutionary rationalism .
that particular weakness also serves to [think/show] a more basic tension within the fabian model of evolutionary rationalism .

This type of calculation could reflect the revenue that would be lost by offering a ‘ middle rate ’ .
this type of calculation could [think/show] the revenue that would be lost by offering a ‘ middle rate ’ .

those reports that have not been closed , to ensure that action is being taken to resolve the problem and to ensure that appropriate notes have been added to the descriptions of the problem reports to reflect the current status of the problem and the action being taken .
those reports that have not been closed , to ensure that action is being taken to resolve the problem and to ensure that appropriate notes have been added to the descriptions of the problem reports to [think/show] the current status of the problem and the action being taken .

update the status of the problem report to reflect the action being taken
update the status of the problem report to [think/show] the action being taken

Over 40 years ago , Hill and Trist suggested that on joining an organisation employees observe the formal and informal responses of the organisation towards different levels of sickness absence and adopt levels of sickness absence that reflect these observations .
over 40 years ago , hill and trist suggested that on joining an organisation employees observe the formal and informal responses of the organisation towards different levels of sickness absence and adopt levels of sickness absence that [think/show] these observations .

By three to five years after surgery the actuarial survival rate exceeded that of a control population.This enhanced survival may reflect the fact that patients referred for surgery were highly selected , and an important limitation of these data is that the selection criteria were not explicit .
by three to five years after surgery the actuarial survival rate exceeded that of a control population.this enhanced survival may [think/show] the fact that patients referred for surgery were highly selected , and an important limitation of these data is that the selection criteria were not explicit .

Autonomy , creativity , growth These goals reflect the backgrounds ( values , beliefs and experiences ) of individuals and do not emerge fully formed at 20 years of age ; they are acquired over long periods , and particularly during childhood .
autonomy , creativity , growth these goals [think/show] the backgrounds ( values , beliefs and experiences ) of individuals and do not emerge fully formed at 20 years of age ; they are acquired over long periods , and particularly during childhood .

Prolonged illness in self or family member . Career evidence will reflect the search for stability :
prolonged illness in self or family member . career evidence will [think/show] the search for stability :

Tendency to seek perfect solutions to problems . Growth goals reflect the endless striving that other writers have noted :
tendency to seek perfect solutions to problems . growth goals [think/show] the endless striving that other writers have noted :

These devices are thought to reflect some filters of the brain through which perceptions are directed .
these devices are thought to [think/show] some filters of the brain through which perceptions are directed .

In Chapter 1 we analysed power goals in detail ; those individuals whose profiles reflect a persistent theme of power will expend effort and energy in seeking more and more of it .
in chapter 1 we analysed power goals in detail ; those individuals whose profiles [think/show] a persistent theme of power will expend effort and energy in seeking more and more of it .

The former may reflect severity of lung disease , the latter exacerbations of intrapulmonary shunting such as occur with hypovolaemia .
the former may [think/show] severity of lung disease , the latter exacerbations of intrapulmonary shunting such as occur with hypovolaemia .

The high seroprevalence of toxoplasma IgG among women born in Ireland compared with British born women may reflect differences in the consumption of undercooked meat or unpasteurised milk or in the use of freezers over the past 30–40 years .
the high seroprevalence of toxoplasma igg among women born in ireland compared with british born women may [think/show] differences in the consumption of undercooked meat or unpasteurised milk or in the use of freezers over the past 30–40 years .

Significantly fewer patients in rural areas were receiving insulin , which may also have influenced the development of advanced retinopathy , even though insulin treatment does not necessarily reflect better diabetic control .
significantly fewer patients in rural areas were receiving insulin , which may also have influenced the development of advanced retinopathy , even though insulin treatment does not necessarily [think/show] better diabetic control .

Also , much practice is based on what was learnt from teaching and vocational training subsequently modified by experience , but does not necessarily reflect current knowledge in all areas — for example , many continue to give repeated routine examination in shared antenatal care .
also , much practice is based on what was learnt from teaching and vocational training subsequently modified by experience , but does not necessarily [think/show] current knowledge in all areas — for example , many continue to give repeated routine examination in shared antenatal care .

One senior consultant stated that taking this hour to reflect on his role as a teacher and trainer was a unique experience in his career .
one senior consultant stated that taking this hour to [think/show] on his role as a teacher and trainer was a unique experience in his career .

update the Change Review Forms to reflect these decisions
update the change review forms to [think/show] these decisions

These high rates reflect the anatomy of the cervical spine and the dynamic forces that act on it .
these high rates [think/show] the anatomy of the cervical spine and the dynamic forces that act on it .

Although no independent assessment of quality of life was performed in these patients , from the objective assessment of exercise capacity and left ventricular function in each case combined with the full time employment of most of the long term surviving patients , the patients ' answers to a simple telephone questionnaire were probably accurate and did not reflect any inappropriate bias .
although no independent assessment of quality of life was performed in these patients , from the objective assessment of exercise capacity and left ventricular function in each case combined with the full time employment of most of the long term surviving patients , the patients ' answers to a simple telephone questionnaire were probably accurate and did not [think/show] any inappropriate bias .

On the assumption that any reward system should be public , consistent , and reflect the values of the faculty , the researchers devised a questionnaire based on paired presentations of 10 common educational tasks .
on the assumption that any reward system should be public , consistent , and [think/show] the values of the faculty , the researchers devised a questionnaire based on paired presentations of 10 common educational tasks .

And if the process of inquest clarified internal boundaries , it almost certainly also compelled fief-holders to reflect on the extent of the services they owed to the count .
and if the process of inquest clarified internal boundaries , it almost certainly also compelled fief-holders to [think/show] on the extent of the services they owed to the count .

So diminished status differentials in private companies is said to reflect the existence of a more egalitarian society where leadership is based on personal merit .
so diminished status differentials in private companies is said to [think/show] the existence of a more egalitarian society where leadership is based on personal merit .

Publications in English do not in any sense reflect the strength of this critical approach , mainly because it is associated with Marxism , and in a US-dominated publishing market for Japanese studies this is hardly surprising .
publications in english do not in any sense [think/show] the strength of this critical approach , mainly because it is associated with marxism , and in a us-dominated publishing market for japanese studies this is hardly surprising .

Emphasis is placed on reciprocity in the sense that leaders listen to the wishes of all group members whereupon group activity is designed to reflect the consensus .
emphasis is placed on reciprocity in the sense that leaders listen to the wishes of all group members whereupon group activity is designed to [think/show] the consensus .

These quantitative measures though , do not reflect the impact of the extensive coordination that takes place between formally independent firms nor the importance of affiliation through subcontracting .
these quantitative measures though , do not [think/show] the impact of the extensive coordination that takes place between formally independent firms nor the importance of affiliation through subcontracting .

Ideologically , a dynamic small firm sector may be said to reflect the opportunities capitalism offers to those prepared to display individual initiative , self-sacrifice and dedication to hard work .
ideologically , a dynamic small firm sector may be said to [think/show] the opportunities capitalism offers to those prepared to display individual initiative , self-sacrifice and dedication to hard work .

For employers , the relationship between age and wages may reflect the accumulation of skill that comes with experience in a particular job .
for employers , the relationship between age and wages may [think/show] the accumulation of skill that comes with experience in a particular job .

Strike statistics by themselves may not reflect the often violent background to the annual Spring wage negotiations .
strike statistics by themselves may not [think/show] the often violent background to the annual spring wage negotiations .

In addition , the archive is updated to reflect the current status ( which may change without modifications being made to the text itself ) of each entry in the completed table .
in addition , the archive is updated to [think/show] the current status ( which may change without modifications being made to the text itself ) of each entry in the completed table .

Where changes to text take place ‘ before and after figures ’ are given which reflect the change in size of the entry in terms of the quantity of tags .
where changes to text take place ‘ before and after figures ’ are given which [think/show] the change in size of the entry in terms of the quantity of tags .

The rebuilt database will reflect all completed transactions at the time the error was detected .
the rebuilt database will [think/show] all completed transactions at the time the error was detected .

The answers reflect the prevailing attitudes towards hearing oral reading as a means of practising the skill of reading in an asymmetrical relationship , with little cognisance of the possibility of sharing the activity collaboratively .
the answers [think/show] the prevailing attitudes towards hearing oral reading as a means of practising the skill of reading in an asymmetrical relationship , with little cognisance of the possibility of sharing the activity collaboratively .

Note that whilst the axiomatic method permitted , in theory , the assuming of arbitrarily chosen sets of axioms , those adopted were not chosen at random , the aim being to reflect properties of concrete systems already deemed important .
note that whilst the axiomatic method permitted , in theory , the assuming of arbitrarily chosen sets of axioms , those adopted were not chosen at random , the aim being to [think/show] properties of concrete systems already deemed important .

( ii ) It is probably clear to the reader that , although we are trying to work formally and to assume nothing other than that given , we do not choose our definitions of and in a perfectly random fashion , but rather make them reflect what we want to happen . Remember the aim here is to get rid of the problems concerning x , not to get rid of the concept of polynomial itself ! Exercises 2 and 3 will convince doubters that our definitions of and are the right ones !
( ii ) it is probably clear to the reader that , although we are trying to work formally and to assume nothing other than that given , we do not choose our definitions of and in a perfectly random fashion , but rather make them [think/show] what we want to happen . remember the aim here is to get rid of the problems concerning x , not to get rid of the concept of polynomial itself ! exercises 2 and 3 will convince doubters that our definitions of and are the right ones !

Remarks ( i ) The words map , mapping and transformation reflect the geometric origin of the function concept .
remarks ( i ) the words map , mapping and transformation [think/show] the geometric origin of the function concept .

Many of them therefore tended to favour the single-party governments produced by two-party-dominated systems of the American or British type rather than coalition governments , however accurately the latter might reflect the `` pluralistic and diverse `` character of society .
many of them therefore tended to favour the single-party governments produced by two-party-dominated systems of the american or british type rather than coalition governments , however accurately the latter might [think/show] the `` pluralistic and diverse `` character of society .

But so long as millionaires , or their corporate equivalents , are the only ones who can readily own newspapers or television companies , it is certain that the media will not accurately reflect either the range or the balance of opinions , ideas and beliefs within society , and consequently that there can not be a properly balanced and open debate on political issues within society .
but so long as millionaires , or their corporate equivalents , are the only ones who can readily own newspapers or television companies , it is certain that the media will not accurately [think/show] either the range or the balance of opinions , ideas and beliefs within society , and consequently that there can not be a properly balanced and open debate on political issues within society .

— These are due to chemical substances that absorb some wavelengths of the incident light and reflect others .
— these are due to chemical substances that absorb some wavelengths of the incident light and [think/show] others .

They should provide suitable targets and reflect suitable curricula .
they should provide suitable targets and [think/show] suitable curricula .

The content of the tests , it was stated , should reflect that of the `` Foundation List `` of topics given in para 458 of the Cockcroft Report .
the content of the tests , it was stated , should [think/show] that of the `` foundation list `` of topics given in para 458 of the cockcroft report .

The aim of the test development was to reflect as many of these activities as possible in the assessment modes .
the aim of the test development was to [think/show] as many of these activities as possible in the assessment modes .

It is not the weight of the cup that makes it reflect the light as it does , but rather its glaze .
it is not the weight of the cup that makes it [think/show] the light as it does , but rather its glaze .

We need to reflect , however , on what has just been said : in brief , that for something to be or to have a power in the primary sense is for it to enter into a possible causal circumstance .
we need to [think/show] , however , on what has just been said : in brief , that for something to be or to have a power in the primary sense is for it to enter into a possible causal circumstance .

Yes , they reflect light .
yes , they [think/show] light .

( c ) It must be remembered that conventions have differing degrees of force and ultimately that force may be dependent on the extent to which the convention is perceived as being politically necessary at any given time and the extent to which it can be seen to reflect current political values .
( c ) it must be remembered that conventions have differing degrees of force and ultimately that force may be dependent on the extent to which the convention is perceived as being politically necessary at any given time and the extent to which it can be seen to [think/show] current political values .

Hypnagogic experiences may also reflect after-images of activities protractedly engaged in during the preceding day .
hypnagogic experiences may also [think/show] after-images of activities protractedly engaged in during the preceding day .

When awake , we normally reflect on the stream of consciousness as it goes on .
when awake , we normally [think/show] on the stream of consciousness as it goes on .

The creation legends with their variations , their later additions and their associations with each other tell the same story , but clearly reflect religious and political struggles .
the creation legends with their variations , their later additions and their associations with each other tell the same story , but clearly [think/show] religious and political struggles .

When you look around at all the -products which flop , or those which make you wonder who would buy them , and at the companies which fail to keep up with consumer desires and demands , you may well pause to reflect on the success of the marketing approach .
when you look around at all the -products which flop , or those which make you wonder who would buy them , and at the companies which fail to keep up with consumer desires and demands , you may well pause to [think/show] on the success of the marketing approach .

Ideally , the strategy should reflect a plus point for the product , something its competition has n't got .
ideally , the strategy should [think/show] a plus point for the product , something its competition has n't got .

Reinforce those opinions and attitudes already held where they still reflect what the company wants them to be , and thus protect the status quo .
reinforce those opinions and attitudes already held where they still [think/show] what the company wants them to be , and thus protect the status quo .

The role of the regionals is not only to report national and international news if they are a daily , but to reflect what is going on in their area .
the role of the regionals is not only to report national and international news if they are a daily , but to [think/show] what is going on in their area .

You must convince , persuade , and hopefully guide the media to reflect your client 's point of view .
you must convince , persuade , and hopefully guide the media to [think/show] your client 's point of view .

The opportunities in life of these women would reflect their generation 's place in history .
the opportunities in life of these women would [think/show] their generation 's place in history .

It must be borne in mind that this distribution , while , likely to be typical of the 1910 sample as a whole , does reflect that sample sage structure : the information comes from marriages logged very largely between 1910 and 1920 and obviously tells us more about the families that sent their daughter to the trade in the 1900s than about the earlier decades .
it must be borne in mind that this distribution , while , likely to be typical of the 1910 sample as a whole , does [think/show] that sample sage structure : the information comes from marriages logged very largely between 1910 and 1920 and obviously tells us more about the families that sent their daughter to the trade in the 1900s than about the earlier decades .

The comparatively high number of transport and particularly railway workers may reflect the increased opportunities for such work in late nineteenth-century Edinburgh ( none of the bridegrooms , belonging to a younger generation , worked on the railways : if in transport they were in more modern motorized jobs like van-driver : see Table 10 below ) .
the comparatively high number of transport and particularly railway workers may [think/show] the increased opportunities for such work in late nineteenth-century edinburgh ( none of the bridegrooms , belonging to a younger generation , worked on the railways : if in transport they were in more modern motorized jobs like van-driver : see table 10 below ) .

The differences may reflect generational change or changing times in the Edinburgh labour market -or mere chance acquaintance in the vertical village formed by the typical Edinburgh tenement — as much as social mobility on the part of the brides .
the differences may [think/show] generational change or changing times in the edinburgh labour market -or mere chance acquaintance in the vertical village formed by the typical edinburgh tenement — as much as social mobility on the part of the brides .

It should reflect a common interest among workers by hand and brain .
it should [think/show] a common interest among workers by hand and brain .

It should be emphasised that the smallness of the sample and the brief time spent in data collection are not indicative of the priority of the Minor Project in the eyes of the investigators , but merely reflect the limited time available for this aspect of evaluation .
it should be emphasised that the smallness of the sample and the brief time spent in data collection are not indicative of the priority of the minor project in the eyes of the investigators , but merely [think/show] the limited time available for this aspect of evaluation .

While the composition of this group should reflect the nature of the Partnership , it is likely that the first three roles will be full-time secondments from education .
while the composition of this group should [think/show] the nature of the partnership , it is likely that the first three roles will be full-time secondments from education .

Employer participation in Compacts should reflect the range and variety of businesses and organisations contributing to the community surrounding the member schools and colleges , so that a realistic spread of vocational opportunity will be available to Compact graduates .
employer participation in compacts should [think/show] the range and variety of businesses and organisations contributing to the community surrounding the member schools and colleges , so that a realistic spread of vocational opportunity will be available to compact graduates .

Partnerships should reflect as far as possible all the groups in a community which are interested in the welfare of young people .
partnerships should [think/show] as far as possible all the groups in a community which are interested in the welfare of young people .

Through the annual planning cycle the levels of staff should be adjusted to reflect an equitable distribution of nursing manpower between the specialist units .
through the annual planning cycle the levels of staff should be adjusted to [think/show] an equitable distribution of nursing manpower between the specialist units .

Does the deployment of staff reflect the skill and grade requirements of the wards/departments concerned ?
does the deployment of staff [think/show] the skill and grade requirements of the wards/departments concerned ?

In the main , shift arrangements reflect the pattern of the patient 's day .
in the main , shift arrangements [think/show] the pattern of the patient 's day .

The different survival rates reflect the diverse types of leukaemia and their resistance to treatment .
the different survival rates [think/show] the diverse types of leukaemia and their resistance to treatment .

The Arabesque dinner plate ( shown above ) , made by Baccarat , costs £65.50 — which may seem expensive , until you reflect that a cut-glass dinner plate would cost very much more .
the arabesque dinner plate ( shown above ) , made by baccarat , costs £65.50 — which may seem expensive , until you [think/show] that a cut-glass dinner plate would cost very much more .

Any future advertisements will not reflect this inaccurate claim .
any future advertisements will not [think/show] this inaccurate claim .

But his timings are critical because they reflect the mood Mahler wanted the music to project , a mood that would be destroyed by an excessively slow tempo .
but his timings are critical because they [think/show] the mood mahler wanted the music to project , a mood that would be destroyed by an excessively slow tempo .

The Kujawiak and Obertass Mazurkas again reflect Wieniawski 's heritage , and are played with more devil- may-care abandon than the Polonaises .
the kujawiak and obertass mazurkas again [think/show] wieniawski 's heritage , and are played with more devil- may-care abandon than the polonaises .

The best of these pieces reflect a very high degree of melodic originality , and something distinct from his symphonic or ballet melody .
the best of these pieces [think/show] a very high degree of melodic originality , and something distinct from his symphonic or ballet melody .

The poems , perhaps by Albert himself , express intimations of mortality and reflect the intensified anguish and heightened awareness of life 's transitoriness caused by the Thirty Years ' War .
the poems , perhaps by albert himself , express intimations of mortality and [think/show] the intensified anguish and heightened awareness of life 's transitoriness caused by the thirty years ' war .

Sehnsucht has many intimations of Schwanengesang : Fassbaender and Reimann perfectly reflect its sombre mood .
sehnsucht has many intimations of schwanengesang : fassbaender and reimann perfectly [think/show] its sombre mood .

The arguments were similar to those Senior had used in criticising the English unitary authorities : all-purpose authorities would reflect neither the administrative needs of the services , nor the boundaries of community feeling ( Wheatley 1969 : 164 — 5 ) .
the arguments were similar to those senior had used in criticising the english unitary authorities : all-purpose authorities would [think/show] neither the administrative needs of the services , nor the boundaries of community feeling ( wheatley 1969 : 164 — 5 ) .

So what is an Irish gay and lesbian audience to make of a programme of films made entirely abroad ? Do they reflect their concerns , their needs ?
so what is an irish gay and lesbian audience to make of a programme of films made entirely abroad ? do they [think/show] their concerns , their needs ?

Music to reflect by , to get away from the hustle and bustle .
music to [think/show] by , to get away from the hustle and bustle .

Both types of explanation are rejected as inadequate by the sociologist : the individualistic because it does not recognise the importance of wider social forces acting on the individual which he or she can not control ; the naturalistic because it fails to recognise that behaviour patterns are not primarily biologically determined but rather reflect social conventions that have been learned by individuals as members of social groups or , more generally , society .
both types of explanation are rejected as inadequate by the sociologist : the individualistic because it does not recognise the importance of wider social forces acting on the individual which he or she can not control ; the naturalistic because it fails to recognise that behaviour patterns are not primarily biologically determined but rather [think/show] social conventions that have been learned by individuals as members of social groups or , more generally , society .

Values are rules which are not attached to particular roles but are more general standards concerning worthy behaviour ; for example , injunctions like ‘ Uphold the Law ’ , ‘ Respect Private Property ’ , ‘ Work Hard ’ , ‘ Protect Family Life ’ , etc. reflect the kinds of values typical of Western industrial societies .
values are rules which are not attached to particular roles but are more general standards concerning worthy behaviour ; for example , injunctions like ‘ uphold the law ’ , ‘ respect private property ’ , ‘ work hard ’ , ‘ protect family life ’ , etc. [think/show] the kinds of values typical of western industrial societies .

Policies inevitably reflect ideologies , frameworks of values , either hidden or overt , and the sociologist employed on work in particular policy areas is inevitably bound up with these frameworks of values .
policies inevitably [think/show] ideologies , frameworks of values , either hidden or overt , and the sociologist employed on work in particular policy areas is inevitably bound up with these frameworks of values .

However , most industrialised societies today have stratification systems that strongly reflect economic relationships .
however , most industrialised societies today have stratification systems that strongly [think/show] economic relationships .

The state , laws , and even religion come to reflect and justify the basic class relations .
the state , laws , and even religion come to [think/show] and justify the basic class relations .

Hours of work are only one aspect of the conditions of employment : holidays , sick pay , the provision of pension schemes , penalties for lateness at work and so on are other conditions that reflect occupational inequality .
hours of work are only one aspect of the conditions of employment : holidays , sick pay , the provision of pension schemes , penalties for lateness at work and so on are other conditions that [think/show] occupational inequality .

It did not reflect particular animus over Korea but more a feeling of frustration at the setbacks encountered by American policy in the Far East in the previous two years .
it did not [think/show] particular animus over korea but more a feeling of frustration at the setbacks encountered by american policy in the far east in the previous two years .

He gathered his own particular circle of close advisers around him and was prone to discount views that did not reflect those prevailing in his own circle .
he gathered his own particular circle of close advisers around him and was prone to discount views that did not [think/show] those prevailing in his own circle .

Pale shades reflect light , opening out small areas , while on the other hand , dark , rich tones will absorb light to make a room look smaller .
pale shades [think/show] light , opening out small areas , while on the other hand , dark , rich tones will absorb light to make a room look smaller .

The tighter hardware budgets in some countries could , Price Waterhouse points out , simply reflect the declining price/performance ratio of computers .
the tighter hardware budgets in some countries could , price waterhouse points out , simply [think/show] the declining price/performance ratio of computers .

The patterns of aggregate change described here reflect the interplay of natural change and migration which is not the same in all parts of the country .
the patterns of aggregate change described here [think/show] the interplay of natural change and migration which is not the same in all parts of the country .

This may reflect the welfare benefits available to some single mothers compared to their low earning power ( Campbell 1984 ) .
this may [think/show] the welfare benefits available to some single mothers compared to their low earning power ( campbell 1984 ) .

Tenure differences may also reflect differences in lifestyle and attitudes .
tenure differences may also [think/show] differences in lifestyle and attitudes .

There had been a perceived increase in youthful crime in the early 1930s that seemed to correspond to an increase in youth unemployment — and again we can reflect on the familiarity of both the problem and the complaint .
there had been a perceived increase in youthful crime in the early 1930s that seemed to correspond to an increase in youth unemployment — and again we can [think/show] on the familiarity of both the problem and the complaint .

On more than one occasion , The Times endorsed this view , reminding its readers that ‘ the statistics really reflect the growth of confidence in the system as reformed ’ and that it was ‘ not that children have suddenly become more wicked , but that the legal machinery has become more efficient ’ .
on more than one occasion , the times endorsed this view , reminding its readers that ‘ the statistics really [think/show] the growth of confidence in the system as reformed ’ and that it was ‘ not that children have suddenly become more wicked , but that the legal machinery has become more efficient ’ .

Criminal statistics , which reflect only the informal justice which was held compatible with these all-too-human streets , and faded photographs of carefully posed moments of tranquillity , tell us one thing about this ‘ stable and carefree era ’ .
criminal statistics , which [think/show] only the informal justice which was held compatible with these all-too-human streets , and faded photographs of carefully posed moments of tranquillity , tell us one thing about this ‘ stable and carefree era ’ .

Mercenaries , like the hireling of the bible , could not be trusted : the bells which warned the inhabitants of the villages and towns of southern France of the danger of the approaching Companies reflect society 's fear and mistrust of such men .
mercenaries , like the hireling of the bible , could not be trusted : the bells which warned the inhabitants of the villages and towns of southern france of the danger of the approaching companies [think/show] society 's fear and mistrust of such men .

The reports of healing and of materialisations reflect a marked similarity to Biblical miracles .
the reports of healing and of materialisations [think/show] a marked similarity to biblical miracles .

Although costly and de luxe , his clothes reject the Eighties ethic of uniform dressing , and reflect something closer in spirit to the mad Bohemian mix of the late Sixties and early Seventies .
although costly and de luxe , his clothes reject the eighties ethic of uniform dressing , and [think/show] something closer in spirit to the mad bohemian mix of the late sixties and early seventies .

Although recognised for his early signature puff-ball and trapeze shapes , he has matured into a designer capable of producing the perfect little black dress , and a mixture of easy pieces that reflect the quirky charm that is his keynote .
although recognised for his early signature puff-ball and trapeze shapes , he has matured into a designer capable of producing the perfect little black dress , and a mixture of easy pieces that [think/show] the quirky charm that is his keynote .

Especially since 1945 , American foreign policy issues have stood high on the International Relations agenda and its key debates have tended to reflect those within the American academic International Relations community .
especially since 1945 , american foreign policy issues have stood high on the international relations agenda and its key debates have tended to [think/show] those within the american academic international relations community .

Its message was that wars occur through misunderstanding , ignorance , and foolishness , all preventable if leaders and citizens will only reflect on the likely unintended consequences of their actions .
its message was that wars occur through misunderstanding , ignorance , and foolishness , all preventable if leaders and citizens will only [think/show] on the likely unintended consequences of their actions .

Thus , Morgenthau 's use of the balance-of-power mechanism is related to the maintenance of the system ; and recent Structuralist theories contend that patterns of international interaction reflect the needs of capitalist exploitation .
thus , morgenthau 's use of the balance-of-power mechanism is related to the maintenance of the system ; and recent structuralist theories contend that patterns of international interaction [think/show] the needs of capitalist exploitation .

But these differences reflect different ideas of what counts as relevant evidence ; and much of the literature is a debate on evidence and the proper and improper uses of techniques for manipulating data .
but these differences [think/show] different ideas of what counts as relevant evidence ; and much of the literature is a debate on evidence and the proper and improper uses of techniques for manipulating data .

To see the point of the question , generalize Lipsey 's diagram and reflect that , since amendment and replacement are fluid alternatives , one would expect a process of gradual and continuous accumulation .
to see the point of the question , generalize lipsey 's diagram and [think/show] that , since amendment and replacement are fluid alternatives , one would expect a process of gradual and continuous accumulation .

Generalizations in social science are mere generalizations unless ( a ) they reflect internal connections in a system of rules for action and ( b ) there is hard evidence that actors are really moved by the causal elements identified .
generalizations in social science are mere generalizations unless ( a ) they [think/show] internal connections in a system of rules for action and ( b ) there is hard evidence that actors are really moved by the causal elements identified .

The first is that forms of life themselves reflect material causes .
the first is that forms of life themselves [think/show] material causes .

And these spectacles are acts of calculated provocation , which reflect an undisguised militancy , an obvious preparedness to countenance force .
and these spectacles are acts of calculated provocation , which [think/show] an undisguised militancy , an obvious preparedness to countenance force .

Is this a pedantic inconsistency , or does it reflect something more consequential ?
is this a pedantic inconsistency , or does it [think/show] something more consequential ?

They reflect both Egyptian and Greek influences , and have a number of points in common with the followers of Pythagoras .
they [think/show] both egyptian and greek influences , and have a number of points in common with the followers of pythagoras .

On the one hand , data such as notifications by GPs to the Home Office , police arrests for heroin offences , referrals to Detoxification Units , and so on , not only reflect upward and downward trends in heroin use itself , but also external factors such as changes in official policy and availability of street heroin .
on the one hand , data such as notifications by gps to the home office , police arrests for heroin offences , referrals to detoxification units , and so on , not only [think/show] upward and downward trends in heroin use itself , but also external factors such as changes in official policy and availability of street heroin .

Others again reflect the sad realities of drug abuse , political violence and terrorism , and the growth of highly organised international criminal syndicates with resources greater than those of the governments of smaller States .
others again [think/show] the sad realities of drug abuse , political violence and terrorism , and the growth of highly organised international criminal syndicates with resources greater than those of the governments of smaller states .

This may partly reflect a cohort or historical effect .
this may partly [think/show] a cohort or historical effect .

These reflect changes in marriage rates , age at marriage , divorce and child bearing .
these [think/show] changes in marriage rates , age at marriage , divorce and child bearing .

This may reflect either the decreased mobility of older people or a decline in the number of friends and/or family available for visiting .
this may [think/show] either the decreased mobility of older people or a decline in the number of friends and/or family available for visiting .

These changes reflect a variety of social factors , including the decrease in the age of marriage , a decrease in the average age at which the last child is born combined with a closer spacing of children .
these changes [think/show] a variety of social factors , including the decrease in the age of marriage , a decrease in the average age at which the last child is born combined with a closer spacing of children .

These changes also reflect the increased ability of older people to financially maintain their own households after the children have left home and a very strong social desire by all age groups to be independent .
these changes also [think/show] the increased ability of older people to financially maintain their own households after the children have left home and a very strong social desire by all age groups to be independent .

These low rates of economic activity reflect the requirement to have formally retired from paid work in order to receive the state retirement pension in Britain .
these low rates of economic activity [think/show] the requirement to have formally retired from paid work in order to receive the state retirement pension in britain .

The reasons for these declines in late-age mortality are not well understood but probably reflect a variety of factors including better health care and improvements in nutrition and other aspects of living conditions as well as improvements in the availability and quality of medical care .
the reasons for these declines in late-age mortality are not well understood but probably [think/show] a variety of factors including better health care and improvements in nutrition and other aspects of living conditions as well as improvements in the availability and quality of medical care .

Satisfactory explanations for these reductions in mortality from circulatory diseases have not yet been arrived at and may reflect a change in the disease , improved medical care or changes in lifestyle habits .
satisfactory explanations for these reductions in mortality from circulatory diseases have not yet been arrived at and may [think/show] a change in the disease , improved medical care or changes in lifestyle habits .

These differences reflect the effects of the same set of research methodology factors as discussed for dementia .
these differences [think/show] the effects of the same set of research methodology factors as discussed for dementia .

It is , perhaps , salutary to reflect upon how difficult we make it for older people to use the range of leisure facilities provided either because of physical access problems , inappropriate classes and high entry costs .
it is , perhaps , salutary to [think/show] upon how difficult we make it for older people to use the range of leisure facilities provided either because of physical access problems , inappropriate classes and high entry costs .

However , it is difficult to identify if this reflects a cohort effect : does this reflect what this age group were brought up to believe was a healthy diet or the reduced income of older people ?
however , it is difficult to identify if this reflects a cohort effect : does this [think/show] what this age group were brought up to believe was a healthy diet or the reduced income of older people ?

These data reflect , to some degree at least , activity within the hospital sector .
these data [think/show] , to some degree at least , activity within the hospital sector .

Whether these increases reflect increased morbidity , a greater willingness to care for older people or an expansion in capacity is a matter of debate .
whether these increases [think/show] increased morbidity , a greater willingness to care for older people or an expansion in capacity is a matter of debate .

This increase in private care may reflect both the financial incentives to increase the number of places available and an increased demand for care brought about by an increasingly frail population and the decreased availability of domiciliary services .
this increase in private care may [think/show] both the financial incentives to increase the number of places available and an increased demand for care brought about by an increasingly frail population and the decreased availability of domiciliary services .

These are being very old , being female , living alone and being unmarried ; this may reflect the lack of an informal care network for those in these demographic subgroups .
these are being very old , being female , living alone and being unmarried ; this may [think/show] the lack of an informal care network for those in these demographic subgroups .

Novels in any genre reflect the temper of their times and , in practical terms , are affected by changes in popular taste .
novels in any genre [think/show] the temper of their times and , in practical terms , are affected by changes in popular taste .

The words in fact are intended to reflect her night-time , miserable feelings but they only reflect Masefield 's failure to render her as a human being :
the words in fact are intended to [think/show] her night-time , miserable feelings but they only [think/show] masefield 's failure to render her as a human being :

The extent to which fans will carve out careers for themselves on the terraces will , to a large extent , reflect their commitment to the soccer culture and to their immediate peer group .
the extent to which fans will carve out careers for themselves on the terraces will , to a large extent , [think/show] their commitment to the soccer culture and to their immediate peer group .

Subjects for new , and often short-lived , chants often reflect ‘ in jokes ’ which , because they are totally unintelligible to the opposition fans , can be used to create confusion among them .
subjects for new , and often short-lived , chants often [think/show] ‘ in jokes ’ which , because they are totally unintelligible to the opposition fans , can be used to create confusion among them .

There was little time to reflect on the implications as Prince Charles had already asked her to Balmoral for the weekend of the Braemar Games early in September .
there was little time to [think/show] on the implications as prince charles had already asked her to balmoral for the weekend of the braemar games early in september .

It was a miserable moment but there was little time to reflect on the tragedy .
it was a miserable moment but there was little time to [think/show] on the tragedy .

Its ancient buildings reflect the air of a former age , when the pace of life was slow , when landlords and merchants lived off the fat of the land and when labourers , in vast numbers , worked that land .
its ancient buildings [think/show] the air of a former age , when the pace of life was slow , when landlords and merchants lived off the fat of the land and when labourers , in vast numbers , worked that land .

The crucial question is to what extent these codes reflect the position at common law .
the crucial question is to what extent these codes [think/show] the position at common law .

The aim is to have prices reflect all available information and so provide reliable signals upon which investment decisions can be based .
the aim is to have prices [think/show] all available information and so provide reliable signals upon which investment decisions can be based .

The traditional means of making sure that stock market prices reflect available information is to require firms to disclose relevant information publicly via the imposition of disclosure requirements .
the traditional means of making sure that stock market prices [think/show] available information is to require firms to disclose relevant information publicly via the imposition of disclosure requirements .

When the information becomes publicly available the share price will adjust to reflect the true underlying value of the shares .
when the information becomes publicly available the share price will adjust to [think/show] the true underlying value of the shares .

In western capitalist economies the vast majority of governments have sought to reflect this distinction by adopting anti-insider dealing laws .
in western capitalist economies the vast majority of governments have sought to [think/show] this distinction by adopting anti-insider dealing laws .

Prices for 3∗ and 4∗ hotels are sometimes similar this is to reflect location , facilities , standards and our not inconsiderable ability to negotiate excellent deals .
prices for 3∗ and 4∗ hotels are sometimes similar this is to [think/show] location , facilities , standards and our not inconsiderable ability to negotiate excellent deals .

Time to sit and reflect
time to sit and [think/show]

Some 400 years old , this is in fact the oldest building in the bustling market area of the Via Nazionale and the decor and ambience reflect that history .
some 400 years old , this is in fact the oldest building in the bustling market area of the via nazionale and the decor and ambience [think/show] that history .

The authority will assess the community 's health needs and reflect national and regional priorities .
the authority will assess the community 's health needs and [think/show] national and regional priorities .

Support for postgraduate and further education being linked to personal development plans for individual practitioners and other staff which reflect local service development priorities
support for postgraduate and further education being linked to personal development plans for individual practitioners and other staff which [think/show] local service development priorities

Apparently insoluble dilemmas within philosophy are not the product of the immanent structure of the human mind and/or nature but rather reflect distorted or frozen social relations . ( p. 248 )
apparently insoluble dilemmas within philosophy are not the product of the immanent structure of the human mind and/or nature but rather [think/show] distorted or frozen social relations . ( p. 248 )

The apparently irresolvable dualisms of subject-object , mind-body , inner-outer , reason-sense , reflect this dilemma . ( pp. 269–70 )
the apparently irresolvable dualisms of subject-object , mind-body , inner-outer , reason-sense , [think/show] this dilemma . ( pp. 269–70 )

Where we agree with the suggestions of the feminist philosophers we have just quoted is in their insistence that philosophical theory comes out of experience , so that philosophy formulated exclusively by men will reflect the experience of men .
where we agree with the suggestions of the feminist philosophers we have just quoted is in their insistence that philosophical theory comes out of experience , so that philosophy formulated exclusively by men will [think/show] the experience of men .

Roughly at the age of ten years , when by nature the child enters the stage of youth and begins to reflect … The youth … is capable of having principles ; his religious and moral ideas can be cultivated , and he is able to attend to his own refinement .
roughly at the age of ten years , when by nature the child enters the stage of youth and begins to [think/show] … the youth … is capable of having principles ; his religious and moral ideas can be cultivated , and he is able to attend to his own refinement .

As a general comment , the choice of hedgetrimmer should reflect the type of task is will be undertaking .
as a general comment , the choice of hedgetrimmer should [think/show] the type of task is will be undertaking .

Versace himself explains why : ‘ If Paris is a feminine city , then London must surely be masculine , and the new Versace boutique will reflect that with its masculine , geometrical design .
versace himself explains why : ‘ if paris is a feminine city , then london must surely be masculine , and the new versace boutique will [think/show] that with its masculine , geometrical design .

We want houses to reciprocate our feelings of loss but , like the rectangle of unfaded paint where a favourite mirror once hung , they give us nothing to reflect upon .
we want houses to reciprocate our feelings of loss but , like the rectangle of unfaded paint where a favourite mirror once hung , they give us nothing to [think/show] upon .

Income : Will reflect how carefully you pursue your ambition .
income : will [think/show] how carefully you pursue your ambition .

She would walk to the kitchen ; the morning light had slid away , and the paler light shone on the old hutch , making the clean china pieces , old pitchers and cups , charming unmatched plates standing on end on the shelves , gleam and reflect .
she would walk to the kitchen ; the morning light had slid away , and the paler light shone on the old hutch , making the clean china pieces , old pitchers and cups , charming unmatched plates standing on end on the shelves , gleam and [think/show] .

Freud uses these two specific examples to suggest that psychoanalysis has shown that , in these cases , the animals or birds are being treated as substitutes for a parent , and the ambivalent feelings towards the animal reflect the feelings of the child towards the father — love and fear .
freud uses these two specific examples to suggest that psychoanalysis has shown that , in these cases , the animals or birds are being treated as substitutes for a parent , and the ambivalent feelings towards the animal [think/show] the feelings of the child towards the father — love and fear .

The view which is developed by Freud that religious responses will reflect changes in unconscious attitudes towards a person 's father enables his theory to provide an explanation of the changes in an individual 's attitudes towards God .
the view which is developed by freud that religious responses will [think/show] changes in unconscious attitudes towards a person 's father enables his theory to provide an explanation of the changes in an individual 's attitudes towards god .

This may reflect the fact that society has changed since the early days of sociology , and religion and its associated values , emotions and beliefs is no longer as important as it used to be .
this may [think/show] the fact that society has changed since the early days of sociology , and religion and its associated values , emotions and beliefs is no longer as important as it used to be .

It may , equally , reflect a blind spot in sociology .
it may , equally , [think/show] a blind spot in sociology .

Baskerville is a traditional book face , crafted by John Baskerville in the 18th century , and intended to reflect the core of what we are all about : books .
baskerville is a traditional book face , crafted by john baskerville in the 18th century , and intended to [think/show] the core of what we are all about : books .

The new identity has been chosen to reflect the spirit of the initiative , which follows the creation of a new management team and a multi-million investment programme at the firm 's factory .
the new identity has been chosen to [think/show] the spirit of the initiative , which follows the creation of a new management team and a multi-million investment programme at the firm 's factory .

The stream sediment may not , therefore , reflect local bedrock composition but that of exotic glacial deposits , and care is needed in site selection and data interpretation .
the stream sediment may not , therefore , [think/show] local bedrock composition but that of exotic glacial deposits , and care is needed in site selection and data interpretation .

Thus the blacks on the boats reflect as lighter richer browns .
thus the blacks on the boats [think/show] as lighter richer browns .

Golding and Middleton argued that the `` focusing of moral outrage on items like this does as much to create concern as to reflect it . ``
golding and middleton argued that the `` focusing of moral outrage on items like this does as much to create concern as to [think/show] it . ``

Specialities reflect the cuisine of the country in which the franchise is held .
specialities [think/show] the cuisine of the country in which the franchise is held .

The logo and style are designed to reflect the best traditions of the Board and its policy of being at the leading edge of education for industry and commerce internationally .
the logo and style are designed to [think/show] the best traditions of the board and its policy of being at the leading edge of education for industry and commerce internationally .

The safety statements of relevant Group companies reflect these obligations and the continued successful implementation of the safety statement policies has been maintained through systematic review .
the safety statements of relevant group companies [think/show] these obligations and the continued successful implementation of the safety statement policies has been maintained through systematic review .

In addition , adjustments are made to reflect the alignment of accounting policies where the accounting policies of acquired companies would otherwise be inconsistent with those of the Group .
in addition , adjustments are made to [think/show] the alignment of accounting policies where the accounting policies of acquired companies would otherwise be inconsistent with those of the group .

Being responsible for literally billions of pounds , as some actuaries are , is not a task to be taken lightly and salaries reflect this .
being responsible for literally billions of pounds , as some actuaries are , is not a task to be taken lightly and salaries [think/show] this .

‘ The new awards will not determine fixed courses of study — they actually reflect the recognition which some programmes of modules have gained .
‘ the new awards will not determine fixed courses of study — they actually [think/show] the recognition which some programmes of modules have gained .

The group award should be designed to allow breadth of application and reflect the needs associated with problem solving and task management .
the group award should be designed to allow breadth of application and [think/show] the needs associated with problem solving and task management .

In Further Education , despite the impact of demographic factors , the number of candidates rose by 13 % ; this must reflect not only the attractiveness of the National Certificate but also the success of the colleges in promoting their services in a competitive environment .
in further education , despite the impact of demographic factors , the number of candidates rose by 13 % ; this must [think/show] not only the attractiveness of the national certificate but also the success of the colleges in promoting their services in a competitive environment .

The corporate identity has been updated to reflect Rentokil 's wide diversity of business activities and to promote and endorse the ‘ Rentokil ’ brand around the world during the 1990s .
the corporate identity has been updated to [think/show] rentokil 's wide diversity of business activities and to promote and endorse the ‘ rentokil ’ brand around the world during the 1990s .

the multiplier was reduced from 15 years to 11 years to reflect the fact that the marriage might not have lasted for the whole of the natural life of the deceased .
the multiplier was reduced from 15 years to 11 years to [think/show] the fact that the marriage might not have lasted for the whole of the natural life of the deceased .

Johnson Brothers is currently undergoing a complete review which incorporates a new company logo , new company colours and new packaging to support and reflect its revised brand positioning .
johnson brothers is currently undergoing a complete review which incorporates a new company logo , new company colours and new packaging to support and [think/show] its revised brand positioning .

The Tender can , of course , be made without an admission of liability and the sum offered may well be designed not merely to reflect the value of the claim on a full liability basis , but discounted to reflect the difficulties which the pursuer faces .
the tender can , of course , be made without an admission of liability and the sum offered may well be designed not merely to [think/show] the value of the claim on a full liability basis , but discounted to [think/show] the difficulties which the pursuer faces .

The intention of the clause is to reflect the increased likelihood of damage to this equipment under the strain of racing .
the intention of the clause is to [think/show] the increased likelihood of damage to this equipment under the strain of racing .

General premiums up from $1,617.5m to $1,690.9m — a growth rate in original currencies of 5.5% — reflect the impact of successful rating action in all major markets
general premiums up from $1,617.5m to $1,690.9m — a growth rate in original currencies of 5.5% — [think/show] the impact of successful rating action in all major markets

Rating levels continue to be adjusted to reflect changing patterns in claims experience .
rating levels continue to be adjusted to [think/show] changing patterns in claims experience .

Merger accounting to be restricted to those business combinations where the use of acquisition accounting would not properly reflect the true nature of the combination .
merger accounting to be restricted to those business combinations where the use of acquisition accounting would not properly [think/show] the true nature of the combination .

‘ Joining Forces ’ has been chosen as the slogan for the week to reflect the intergenerational solidarity aspects of the European Year .
‘ joining forces ’ has been chosen as the slogan for the week to [think/show] the intergenerational solidarity aspects of the european year .

This may reflect a difference in emphasis in that parents seemed to be looking for information about their child 's overall character and behaviour ( eg ‘ good at sharing toys ’ ) whereas staff seemed to report specific good behaviour ( eg ‘ She 's done a lovely painting this morning ’ or ‘ He ate his dinner up nicely today ’ ) .
this may [think/show] a difference in emphasis in that parents seemed to be looking for information about their child 's overall character and behaviour ( eg ‘ good at sharing toys ’ ) whereas staff seemed to report specific good behaviour ( eg ‘ she 's done a lovely painting this morning ’ or ‘ he ate his dinner up nicely today ’ ) .

The external assessors should be financially liable only to the shareholders and only for damages that reflect the assessors ' degree of fault .
the external assessors should be financially liable only to the shareholders and only for damages that [think/show] the assessors ' degree of fault .

The following regional data excludes the Highlands and Islands figures because the 1990/91 survey for this region was undertaken using a different methodology which was designed to reflect the unique nature of the area 's economy .
the following regional data excludes the highlands and islands figures because the 1990/91 survey for this region was undertaken using a different methodology which was designed to [think/show] the unique nature of the area 's economy .

The horticultural efforts of individual residents are a joy to behold , and reflect great credit on those concerned .
the horticultural efforts of individual residents are a joy to behold , and [think/show] great credit on those concerned .

Article 15 of the second directive gives cancellation rights to all individual contracts except those of six months or less and is amended to exempt where the policyholder has had , for example , the opportunity to reflect on the policy terms before contacting the insurer .
article 15 of the second directive gives cancellation rights to all individual contracts except those of six months or less and is amended to exempt where the policyholder has had , for example , the opportunity to [think/show] on the policy terms before contacting the insurer .

However , while history , modern studies , English , home economics and social education may offer more opportunities to focus on people , personalities and social issues specific topics will also reflect the general nature of society throughout its development .
however , while history , modern studies , english , home economics and social education may offer more opportunities to focus on people , personalities and social issues specific topics will also [think/show] the general nature of society throughout its development .

As with observation , researchers immersed in a context reflect the concerns of the context , while those looking ‘ from the outside in ’ may fail to understand the importance of particular events .
as with observation , researchers immersed in a context [think/show] the concerns of the context , while those looking ‘ from the outside in ’ may fail to understand the importance of particular events .

The numbers within the Council Tax Control Team have been based on a pro rata of case load plus a 20% increase for personal elements less a nominal number to reflect the transfer of routine functions to the operational teams .
the numbers within the council tax control team have been based on a pro rata of case load plus a 20% increase for personal elements less a nominal number to [think/show] the transfer of routine functions to the operational teams .

It is interesting to reflect on how we in this century tend to minimise or maximise the potency of death in shaping our social systems .
it is interesting to [think/show] on how we in this century tend to minimise or maximise the potency of death in shaping our social systems .

The course provides opportunity for : ( i ) graduates from African , Asian , and Pacific backgrounds to undertake advanced study of Christianity directly related to their own setting ; ( ii ) persons who have worked , or who expect to work , in cross-cultural situations to examine the religious context in which they operate , or to reflect constructively on their experience ; ( iii ) prospective candidates for research involving cross-cultural or inter-religious study who do not have specialised training in these fields , to bridge the gap between previous academic study and the new material .
the course provides opportunity for : ( i ) graduates from african , asian , and pacific backgrounds to undertake advanced study of christianity directly related to their own setting ; ( ii ) persons who have worked , or who expect to work , in cross-cultural situations to examine the religious context in which they operate , or to [think/show] constructively on their experience ; ( iii ) prospective candidates for research involving cross-cultural or inter-religious study who do not have specialised training in these fields , to bridge the gap between previous academic study and the new material .

Individual courses reflect some of the research interests of staff but , where appropriate , one option may be replaced by a supervised reading course .
individual courses [think/show] some of the research interests of staff but , where appropriate , one option may be replaced by a supervised reading course .

It is unlikely that Weaver 's views in 1982 were significantly different from those he held when he was involved in creating that binary policy in the mid-1960s , and it is likely that his arguments reflect one of the elements in the decisions made .
it is unlikely that weaver 's views in 1982 were significantly different from those he held when he was involved in creating that binary policy in the mid-1960s , and it is likely that his arguments [think/show] one of the elements in the decisions made .

On the one hand , much empirical evidence seems to point to the fact that fire-cults in which fire-wheels are rolled down hills , thrown into the air , or in which bonfires are kindled on Midwinter 's or Midsummer 's Day all reflect solar symbolism ; the object of these practices being to ensure the return of the sun , or protection against its heat or whatever .
on the one hand , much empirical evidence seems to point to the fact that fire-cults in which fire-wheels are rolled down hills , thrown into the air , or in which bonfires are kindled on midwinter 's or midsummer 's day all [think/show] solar symbolism ; the object of these practices being to ensure the return of the sun , or protection against its heat or whatever .

The persistently repeated rapid rise and fall of civilizations in Central and South America may , for all we know , reflect just this process .
the persistently repeated rapid rise and fall of civilizations in central and south america may , for all we know , [think/show] just this process .

Young people feel cheated by their parents without really knowing of what they have been deprived . Their heroes reflect their psychological needs ; disappointed by the weak father , they not only look for a strong one but try to identify with men who fulfil at the same time infantile and sadistic fantasies , such as Che Guevara or Mao Tsetung …
young people feel cheated by their parents without really knowing of what they have been deprived . their heroes [think/show] their psychological needs ; disappointed by the weak father , they not only look for a strong one but try to identify with men who fulfil at the same time infantile and sadistic fantasies , such as che guevara or mao tsetung …

Certainly , the social psychoanalysis of the oral aspects of the cultural superego seems far easier than the corresponding attempts to analyse pre-Oedipal oral superego elements in the development of the child where the crucial phenomena have occurred long before the acquisition of language , and where analytic ‘ reconstructions ’ are more likely to reflect the theoretical expectations of the analyst than they do the reality .
certainly , the social psychoanalysis of the oral aspects of the cultural superego seems far easier than the corresponding attempts to analyse pre-oedipal oral superego elements in the development of the child where the crucial phenomena have occurred long before the acquisition of language , and where analytic ‘ reconstructions ’ are more likely to [think/show] the theoretical expectations of the analyst than they do the reality .

Furthermore , history illuminates actuality , so that present-day features of the language can be shown to have been shaped by ( and to continue to reflect ) quite varied developments in the language at earlier times .
furthermore , history illuminates actuality , so that present-day features of the language can be shown to have been shaped by ( and to continue to [think/show] ) quite varied developments in the language at earlier times .

The courses offered at Edinburgh consequently seek to reflect a subject that is complex and evolving , and allow for different interests to be pursued and for different emphasis to be given to the historical and descriptive sides of the subject .
the courses offered at edinburgh consequently seek to [think/show] a subject that is complex and evolving , and allow for different interests to be pursued and for different emphasis to be given to the historical and descriptive sides of the subject .

The Chemistry courses in Edinburgh reflect the breadth of the subject and over the four years the topics covered range from the molecules of nature found in biological systems through a wide range of organic , inorganic and physical chemistry to fundamental properties of atoms and molecules .
the chemistry courses in edinburgh [think/show] the breadth of the subject and over the four years the topics covered range from the molecules of nature found in biological systems through a wide range of organic , inorganic and physical chemistry to fundamental properties of atoms and molecules .

The stern , slightly pained expressions on the saints ' white and pink faces seemed to reflect fifty years or more of having a brass trumpet sounding in their ears .
the stern , slightly pained expressions on the saints ' white and pink faces seemed to [think/show] fifty years or more of having a brass trumpet sounding in their ears .

But the price of legitimacy , security and stability may be to concede power to outside interests because failure to reflect the true balance of power within the community will result in concrete demands on the agency being enforced .
but the price of legitimacy , security and stability may be to concede power to outside interests because failure to [think/show] the true balance of power within the community will result in concrete demands on the agency being enforced .

Different patterns of public expenditure reflect the state 's role in the restructuring of private capital at a time of economic recession , and in the political crises which the recession and new directions of state intervention bring about .
different patterns of public expenditure [think/show] the state 's role in the restructuring of private capital at a time of economic recession , and in the political crises which the recession and new directions of state intervention bring about .

Or should they merely reflect the will of Parliament ?
or should they merely [think/show] the will of parliament ?

Formal goals may be displaced by informal and incompatible goals that reflect the interests of members who happen to be in a position to substitute their goals for those of ‘ the organization ’ .
formal goals may be displaced by informal and incompatible goals that [think/show] the interests of members who happen to be in a position to substitute their goals for those of ‘ the organization ’ .

Work design does not reflect the imperatives of technology , but rather the need to control employees whose interests are in conflict with employers .
work design does not [think/show] the imperatives of technology , but rather the need to control employees whose interests are in conflict with employers .

Put kitchen foil , shiny side facing you , on the wall behind any radiators fitted on outside walls to reflect heat .
put kitchen foil , shiny side facing you , on the wall behind any radiators fitted on outside walls to [think/show] heat .

Theoretically , they can only both be true if we can demonstrate that they truthfully reflect a genuinely contradictory reality , in terms of their competing contributions to the structure and dynamic of a complex system of ideas and propositions , established to theorize that reality .
theoretically , they can only both be true if we can demonstrate that they truthfully [think/show] a genuinely contradictory reality , in terms of their competing contributions to the structure and dynamic of a complex system of ideas and propositions , established to theorize that reality .

Although it is commonly assumed that these tests reflect compliance with the diatary treatment , this has never really been proved for ingestion of small amounts of gluten .
although it is commonly assumed that these tests [think/show] compliance with the diatary treatment , this has never really been proved for ingestion of small amounts of gluten .

At best they are uncertain and may well reflect the impressions and attitudes of the attending physicians .
at best they are uncertain and may well [think/show] the impressions and attitudes of the attending physicians .

To some extent this may have been due to the Stanleys ' own efforts , since they had the firmer territorial base in the region , but it must also reflect the king 's wishes .
to some extent this may have been due to the stanleys ' own efforts , since they had the firmer territorial base in the region , but it must also [think/show] the king 's wishes .

Oral permeability tests are more likely to reflect small intestinal permeability , and oral sugar markers may be degraded by colonic bacteria before they cross the mucosa rendering them less suitable for assessing colonic permeability .
oral permeability tests are more likely to [think/show] small intestinal permeability , and oral sugar markers may be degraded by colonic bacteria before they cross the mucosa rendering them less suitable for assessing colonic permeability .

We used a four grade scale , originally described by Watts et al and slightly modified to reflect the intensity of the inflammation present .
we used a four grade scale , originally described by watts et al and slightly modified to [think/show] the intensity of the inflammation present .

It is thought to reflect defective cell proliferation control and delayed onset of normal differentiation .
it is thought to [think/show] defective cell proliferation control and delayed onset of normal differentiation .

On the other hand , this heterogeneity between risk groups might reflect the existence of constitutionally distinct subgroups within a population that has different forms of susceptibility to adenoma development : one with generalised and noticeable proliferative anomalies throughout the entire colonic epithelium that produce an increase tendency toward recidivism , and a second , less recidivant subgroup in whom polyp development is not preceded by the generalised pattern of hyperproliferation seen in the first group but by other types of alterations as yet unidentified .
on the other hand , this heterogeneity between risk groups might [think/show] the existence of constitutionally distinct subgroups within a population that has different forms of susceptibility to adenoma development : one with generalised and noticeable proliferative anomalies throughout the entire colonic epithelium that produce an increase tendency toward recidivism , and a second , less recidivant subgroup in whom polyp development is not preceded by the generalised pattern of hyperproliferation seen in the first group but by other types of alterations as yet unidentified .

The increase in the serum insulin concentration after steroid treatment may reflect increased energy intake or induction of insulin resistance .
the increase in the serum insulin concentration after steroid treatment may [think/show] increased energy intake or induction of insulin resistance .

The balloons located in the upper and lower anal canal reflect the activity of the internal and the external sphincter , respectively .
the balloons located in the upper and lower anal canal [think/show] the activity of the internal and the external sphincter , respectively .

There was also a significant association with clinical signs of severe liver dysfunction and with laboratory variables that reflect impaired liver function , such as bilirubin and glycochoic acid concentrations and hypoalbuminaemia .
there was also a significant association with clinical signs of severe liver dysfunction and with laboratory variables that [think/show] impaired liver function , such as bilirubin and glycochoic acid concentrations and hypoalbuminaemia .

There is a possibility that rectal dialysis in patients with diarrhoea may reflect exchanges of fluid within the bag with faecal water in the rectum of these patients .
there is a possibility that rectal dialysis in patients with diarrhoea may [think/show] exchanges of fluid within the bag with faecal water in the rectum of these patients .

Such peasant land purchases reflect the recognition of their rights in the land , subject to the fulfilment of obligation to their lords .
such peasant land purchases [think/show] the recognition of their rights in the land , subject to the fulfilment of obligation to their lords .

This may reflect developments elsewhere in England , as it seems to be part of a general European pattern of production .
this may [think/show] developments elsewhere in england , as it seems to be part of a general european pattern of production .

One may pursue this parallel further , and suggest that , just as many strikes in modern industry are prompted by particular local conditions , and reflect immediate discontents rather than any general revolutionary outlook , equally many peasant movements had no wide aims , but merely indicate a grievance against a particular manorial lord .
one may pursue this parallel further , and suggest that , just as many strikes in modern industry are prompted by particular local conditions , and [think/show] immediate discontents rather than any general revolutionary outlook , equally many peasant movements had no wide aims , but merely indicate a grievance against a particular manorial lord .

The actions of the rebels , as well as their demands , reflect both political and social aims .
the actions of the rebels , as well as their demands , [think/show] both political and social aims .

The demand for personal freedom , a recurrent feature in late medieval peasant society , does not reflect only a wish for improved social status , but also a hope for potential economic advantages .
the demand for personal freedom , a recurrent feature in late medieval peasant society , does not [think/show] only a wish for improved social status , but also a hope for potential economic advantages .

But Richard of York himself made no attempt to co-ordinate his movements with Cade 's , and the demands for his inclusion among the King 's advisers probably do no more than reflect dislike of the existing court faction .
but richard of york himself made no attempt to co-ordinate his movements with cade 's , and the demands for his inclusion among the king 's advisers probably do no more than [think/show] dislike of the existing court faction .

By the early sixteenth century , vacant holdings were again being taken up , and the level of rents and entry fines was rising ; all of these changes reflect increasing demand for land ( 59 ) .
by the early sixteenth century , vacant holdings were again being taken up , and the level of rents and entry fines was rising ; all of these changes [think/show] increasing demand for land ( 59 ) .

The dominance of London may partly reflect the decline of other centres , particularly in the South and South-east , and indeed London merchants may sometimes have been responsible for this .
the dominance of london may partly [think/show] the decline of other centres , particularly in the south and south-east , and indeed london merchants may sometimes have been responsible for this .

It is also worth remembering that an increased assessment does not necessarily reflect prosperity ; there is evidence of considerable urban decay , for example , at Coventry , despite the town 's greater tax liability .
it is also worth remembering that an increased assessment does not necessarily [think/show] prosperity ; there is evidence of considerable urban decay , for example , at coventry , despite the town 's greater tax liability .

It is hard to judge how much weight should be given to such utterances ; was the designation ‘ northerner ’ intended to be purely geographical and descriptive , or did it reflect a feeling that these were men almost of a different race ?
it is hard to judge how much weight should be given to such utterances ; was the designation ‘ northerner ’ intended to be purely geographical and descriptive , or did it [think/show] a feeling that these were men almost of a different race ?

Axis labels should reflect the underlying quantitative scale , and data points generally should be connected .
axis labels should [think/show] the underlying quantitative scale , and data points generally should be connected .

It also serves to reinforce the idea that if accounting is to reflect economic reality it is unlikely to be able to do so using only one cost/value measure .
it also serves to reinforce the idea that if accounting is to [think/show] economic reality it is unlikely to be able to do so using only one cost/value measure .

Answer guide : ‘ these allow the partners to adjust their returns to reflect uneven inputs as between the partners whether they are in terms of money invested , skills , labour or whatever .
answer guide : ‘ these allow the partners to adjust their returns to [think/show] uneven inputs as between the partners whether they are in terms of money invested , skills , labour or whatever .

Answer guide : Ideas should include : interest on capitals to reflect uneven capitals , compensation to Susan for goodwill built up , possibly a lower basic salary for the new partner with bonus payments based on new business or profits brought in or developed .
answer guide : ideas should include : interest on capitals to [think/show] uneven capitals , compensation to susan for goodwill built up , possibly a lower basic salary for the new partner with bonus payments based on new business or profits brought in or developed .

Answer guide : Answers should reflect the fact that the accounts are normally at least three months old when they are published .
answer guide : answers should [think/show] the fact that the accounts are normally at least three months old when they are published .

Organizations do not have objectives per se ; the objectives will reflect the objectives of those people involved in the organization .
organizations do not have objectives per se ; the objectives will [think/show] the objectives of those people involved in the organization .

In such cases the cost per unit of material will not solely depend upon the activity but also on the amount of goods purchased and therefore the variable costs will not behave in a linear fashion and will tend to reflect a curvilinear function .
in such cases the cost per unit of material will not solely depend upon the activity but also on the amount of goods purchased and therefore the variable costs will not behave in a linear fashion and will tend to [think/show] a curvilinear function .

It is argued that such variations could distort costing of products and also require complex systems to reflect these seasonal variations .
it is argued that such variations could distort costing of products and also require complex systems to [think/show] these seasonal variations .

The current diagnostic criteria for anorexia nervosa reflect this evolutionary process but they have yet to achieve the final category .
the current diagnostic criteria for anorexia nervosa [think/show] this evolutionary process but they have yet to achieve the final category .

Abnormalities in several neuroregulatory systems have been identified in anorexia nervosa ; however , in most cases , these reflect incomplete weight restoration or persistent eating disturbances rather than primary dysfunction .
abnormalities in several neuroregulatory systems have been identified in anorexia nervosa ; however , in most cases , these [think/show] incomplete weight restoration or persistent eating disturbances rather than primary dysfunction .

These are important for understanding anorexia nervosa because first , symptoms previously assumed to reflect primary psychopathology are now recognised as common to starving people whatever the cause and , second , starvation leads to secondary symptoms that then play a critical part in perpetuating the disorder .
these are important for understanding anorexia nervosa because first , symptoms previously assumed to [think/show] primary psychopathology are now recognised as common to starving people whatever the cause and , second , starvation leads to secondary symptoms that then play a critical part in perpetuating the disorder .

Since money income is the magnitude that underlies the day-to-day standard of living and , depending on the definition , the variable that will ( to some extent ) reflect wealth , most studies concentrate on this figure .
since money income is the magnitude that underlies the day-to-day standard of living and , depending on the definition , the variable that will ( to some extent ) [think/show] wealth , most studies concentrate on this figure .

If there are seeds of truth in the theories outlined in this sub-section , actual redistribution taking place in the public sector will reflect altruistic , malicious , vote-maximizing , insurance- and protection-seeking behaviour .
if there are seeds of truth in the theories outlined in this sub-section , actual redistribution taking place in the public sector will [think/show] altruistic , malicious , vote-maximizing , insurance- and protection-seeking behaviour .

The following list of assumptions , which is by no means exhaustive , adds a note of scepticism to the claim that individuals can easily locate in the local communities that reflect their preferences .
the following list of assumptions , which is by no means exhaustive , adds a note of scepticism to the claim that individuals can easily locate in the local communities that [think/show] their preferences .

( Alternatively , therefore , the indifference curve has sometimes been taken to reflect the preferences of the median voter inasmuch as there are circumstances in which , when the majority voting rule applies , the decision from the local community will be that of the median voter . )
( alternatively , therefore , the indifference curve has sometimes been taken to [think/show] the preferences of the median voter inasmuch as there are circumstances in which , when the majority voting rule applies , the decision from the local community will be that of the median voter . )

King ( 1984 ) continues with the assumption that decisions reflect the demand of the median voter and makes no allowance for governmental failure .
king ( 1984 ) continues with the assumption that decisions [think/show] the demand of the median voter and makes no allowance for governmental failure .

Because their interiors perfectly reflect the fine reproduction pine furniture that you find for sale in them today .
because their interiors perfectly [think/show] the fine reproduction pine furniture that you find for sale in them today .

Reflect as closely as possible the normal reporting structure of the organisation .
[think/show] as closely as possible the normal reporting structure of the organisation .

These fields may be edited to reflect the new package references that you desire .
these fields may be edited to [think/show] the new package references that you desire .

Now that the workhouses have gone , the family historian is able to take a more detached view , to reflect on hardships endured and disabilities overcome , to ponder on the changing fortunes of families through the generations , and to feel a deep sympathy for those unfortunates whose lives were marred by remorseless poverty .
now that the workhouses have gone , the family historian is able to take a more detached view , to [think/show] on hardships endured and disabilities overcome , to ponder on the changing fortunes of families through the generations , and to feel a deep sympathy for those unfortunates whose lives were marred by remorseless poverty .

The primacy effect is thought to reflect the operation of secondary memory , i.e. recall from a long-term memory store while the recency effect is believed to reflect the operation of primary memory , i.e recall from a short-term memory store ( Bernstein et al , 1988 ) .
the primacy effect is thought to [think/show] the operation of secondary memory , i.e. recall from a long-term memory store while the recency effect is believed to [think/show] the operation of primary memory , i.e recall from a short-term memory store ( bernstein et al , 1988 ) .

He feels need to put power in the hands of consumers so institutions reflect rights and needs — ; ‘ the empowerment of the citizen as consumer needs to challenge professionals/managers — ; to enable a society of active citizens rather than experts ’ .
he feels need to put power in the hands of consumers so institutions [think/show] rights and needs — ; ‘ the empowerment of the citizen as consumer needs to challenge professionals/managers — ; to enable a society of active citizens rather than experts ’ .

Access is important however and in order to reflect as much light as possible we considered a pale coloured paving slab .
access is important however and in order to [think/show] as much light as possible we considered a pale coloured paving slab .

Given the widespread fragility of confidence in the economic recovery , the directors believe it prudent that the dividend for the year to March 1993 should reflect that year 's results and not be presumptuous as to any future economic upturn .
given the widespread fragility of confidence in the economic recovery , the directors believe it prudent that the dividend for the year to march 1993 should [think/show] that year 's results and not be presumptuous as to any future economic upturn .

These considerable changes reflect a strong marketing initiative .
these considerable changes [think/show] a strong marketing initiative .

Elean : Would you say that this ’ technical problem ’ , which is a technical problem for many writers is made worse because you are writing , not from the relatively safe ’ exile ’ of a liberal-democratic , capitalist European country ; but you are writing from inside the very belly of apartheid , where you do not have , at your disposal the support services and facilities , to help you to authentically reflect the true ’ spirit ’ of your people .
elean : would you say that this ’ technical problem ’ , which is a technical problem for many writers is made worse because you are writing , not from the relatively safe ’ exile ’ of a liberal-democratic , capitalist european country ; but you are writing from inside the very belly of apartheid , where you do not have , at your disposal the support services and facilities , to help you to authentically [think/show] the true ’ spirit ’ of your people .

Local communities are often unwilling to reflect rising costs of waste management in higher local taxation .
local communities are often unwilling to [think/show] rising costs of waste management in higher local taxation .

Britain 's local councils charge £6-10 a ton to put solid waste in landfills : a price , say the commercial firms , that does not reflect capital investment or the sums that must be et aside to ensure a landfill is properly maintained during its 30 years or so of life .
britain 's local councils charge £6-10 a ton to put solid waste in landfills : a price , say the commercial firms , that does not [think/show] capital investment or the sums that must be et aside to ensure a landfill is properly maintained during its 30 years or so of life .

The smiles of William Scarff , Supervisor of the Finishing Department , his wife Elizabeth and sons David and Allan , reflect the mood of the moment — a gala atmosphere prevailed throughout the open day .
the smiles of william scarff , supervisor of the finishing department , his wife elizabeth and sons david and allan , [think/show] the mood of the moment — a gala atmosphere prevailed throughout the open day .

With mid-summer approaching , it is hardly the time to reflect on winter festivals , but the success of the kids Christmas party in the canteen on 15th December could not pass without a mention .
with mid-summer approaching , it is hardly the time to [think/show] on winter festivals , but the success of the kids christmas party in the canteen on 15th december could not pass without a mention .

When finished , the display unit fulfilled its role to reflect a quality image , a necessary advantage in an overcrowded market and one evidently appreciated by the showroom manager with whom Eddie discussed the changes that had been made .
when finished , the display unit fulfilled its role to [think/show] a quality image , a necessary advantage in an overcrowded market and one evidently appreciated by the showroom manager with whom eddie discussed the changes that had been made .

The selection of a method of financing must reflect the sponsor 's objectives for the project .
the selection of a method of financing must [think/show] the sponsor 's objectives for the project .

The main drawback , however , is its failure to reflect the relative financial attractiveness of projects , as it is biased in favour of the short term .
the main drawback , however , is its failure to [think/show] the relative financial attractiveness of projects , as it is biased in favour of the short term .

The amount of the contingency sum should reflect the degree of uncertainty in the definition of the project and the firmness or otherwise the budget .
the amount of the contingency sum should [think/show] the degree of uncertainty in the definition of the project and the firmness or otherwise the budget .

The amount of contingency sum allocated to each of these budgets should reflect the degree of uncertainty within the work of the design team as well as the degree of control which the project manager wishes to retain over the team .
the amount of contingency sum allocated to each of these budgets should [think/show] the degree of uncertainty within the work of the design team as well as the degree of control which the project manager wishes to retain over the team .

Catechist Preparation Session — the first week of each session — when the group of eight helpers gathers together to prepare , reflect and share about what will be presented to the whole group .
catechist preparation session — the first week of each session — when the group of eight helpers gathers together to prepare , [think/show] and share about what will be presented to the whole group .

While the Prime Minister himself denied that he would be the first executive President , in the absence of any obvious independent candidates , there was an assumption that whoever did take up the office would closely reflect Lee 's views .
while the prime minister himself denied that he would be the first executive president , in the absence of any obvious independent candidates , there was an assumption that whoever did take up the office would closely [think/show] lee 's views .

In order to reflect the aspirations of all the people for national reunification , `` stated Kim , `` we call for the total openness of both North and South , by crushing the barriers between North and South and realizing free and mutual visits . ``
in order to [think/show] the aspirations of all the people for national reunification , `` stated kim , `` we call for the total openness of both north and south , by crushing the barriers between north and south and realizing free and mutual visits . ``

It was also decided to reduce immediately the CPCz representation to reflect more accurately its support in the country .
it was also decided to reduce immediately the cpcz representation to [think/show] more accurately its support in the country .

Government civilians were reported to have urged that a forthcoming policy review of Japan 's defence programme should take account of and reflect " present conditions " , namely the dramatic improvement in East-West relations and a reduction of the military threat to Japan posed by the Soviet Union .
government civilians were reported to have urged that a forthcoming policy review of japan 's defence programme should take account of and [think/show] " present conditions " , namely the dramatic improvement in east-west relations and a reduction of the military threat to japan posed by the soviet union .

The relativism of values seems so sensible and convincing until we reflect on what this implies , namely that what we feel passionately about with regard to truth or justice or purpose of life has no justification apart from the fact that we happen to think like this .
the relativism of values seems so sensible and convincing until we [think/show] on what this implies , namely that what we feel passionately about with regard to truth or justice or purpose of life has no justification apart from the fact that we happen to think like this .

Instead we need to reflect on them , ponder and wonder , find out all we can about them , learn to appreciate some of the time-honoured ways of approaching them such as meditation and prayer , and be prepared to think about these matters in all sorts of different situations and moods .
instead we need to [think/show] on them , ponder and wonder , find out all we can about them , learn to appreciate some of the time-honoured ways of approaching them such as meditation and prayer , and be prepared to think about these matters in all sorts of different situations and moods .

Likewise , the floating vote might be indicative of some electors making up their own minds on the issues of the day ; it might equally reflect pressure brought to bear `` from above `` , perhaps by those attached to the Court who wanted a change in the complexion of the House of Commons , to `` persuade `` those electors to change their allegiances .
likewise , the floating vote might be indicative of some electors making up their own minds on the issues of the day ; it might equally [think/show] pressure brought to bear `` from above `` , perhaps by those attached to the court who wanted a change in the complexion of the house of commons , to `` persuade `` those electors to change their allegiances .

Many of these Whig Jacobite tracts can be said to reflect commonwealth principles , in the sense that they argued for a monarchy which would be severely limited .
many of these whig jacobite tracts can be said to [think/show] commonwealth principles , in the sense that they argued for a monarchy which would be severely limited .

Using still image to focus and reflect on a particular moment
using still image to focus and [think/show] on a particular moment

This is to misunderstand the strategy , which demands that the teacher moves out of role occasionally to reflect on the work .
this is to misunderstand the strategy , which demands that the teacher moves out of role occasionally to [think/show] on the work .

If the confrontation between Nazareth and Rome looks like it 's becoming unproductive , the teacher can come out of role and ask the children to reflect on what has been happening — perhaps through discussion , perhaps through a short piece of writing ( a diary entry , a letter to a friend , a sketch representing how the townspeople feel about the power relationship , or — shifting the perspective — the report that the Roman has to make to his commanding officer ) .
if the confrontation between nazareth and rome looks like it 's becoming unproductive , the teacher can come out of role and ask the children to [think/show] on what has been happening — perhaps through discussion , perhaps through a short piece of writing ( a diary entry , a letter to a friend , a sketch representing how the townspeople feel about the power relationship , or — shifting the perspective — the report that the roman has to make to his commanding officer ) .

And if you do choose to use teacher-in-role there are going to be many occasions when you 'll have to step out of role to reflect on the work .
and if you do choose to use teacher-in-role there are going to be many occasions when you 'll have to step out of role to [think/show] on the work .

Each of these could be usefully used to reflect on what has occurred in the drama .
each of these could be usefully used to [think/show] on what has occurred in the drama .

The teacher can help the children reflect by focusing the discussion or task in hand , or s/he can create opportunities for the children to consider their work for themselves .
the teacher can help the children [think/show] by focusing the discussion or task in hand , or s/he can create opportunities for the children to consider their work for themselves .

Sometimes we need to reflect publicly , sometimes to provide space for a few moments of private reflection — this might mean the children sit quietly alone while the teacher asks questions which they respond to in their thoughts , or the reflection might take the form of a diary , or perhaps an " emotional map " charting the highs and lows of a journey/adventure/exploration .
sometimes we need to [think/show] publicly , sometimes to provide space for a few moments of private reflection — this might mean the children sit quietly alone while the teacher asks questions which they respond to in their thoughts , or the reflection might take the form of a diary , or perhaps an " emotional map " charting the highs and lows of a journey/adventure/exploration .

When you come out of role to reflect on what 's been going on your questions might include : `` What led you to believe the carpenter was nervous/hiding something from us ? ``
when you come out of role to [think/show] on what 's been going on your questions might include : `` what led you to believe the carpenter was nervous/hiding something from us ? ``

For most purposes comparison of bonds is in terms of gross redemption yields as these best reflect the expected return on an investment in terms both of coupon payments and capital gain or loss .
for most purposes comparison of bonds is in terms of gross redemption yields as these best [think/show] the expected return on an investment in terms both of coupon payments and capital gain or loss .

In part this change of attitude has been caused by an awareness that the earliest manuscript of the Histories , which contains only an abridged version of the first six books , does not reflect Gregory 's own intentions .
in part this change of attitude has been caused by an awareness that the earliest manuscript of the histories , which contains only an abridged version of the first six books , does not [think/show] gregory 's own intentions .

His mother did encourage him in other of his writings , and certainly there is a good deal of family tradition in the ten books , which might reflect her influence , but she is not mentioned in the preface to the Decem Libri Historiarum .
his mother did encourage him in other of his writings , and certainly there is a good deal of family tradition in the ten books , which might [think/show] her influence , but she is not mentioned in the preface to the decem libri historiarum .

Eurobond firms participate in markets whose liquidity ( enabling rapid execution of large orders with minimum disturbance to prices or margins ) and efficiency ( in establishing prices which reflect all available information ) increase with the number of participants .
eurobond firms participate in markets whose liquidity ( enabling rapid execution of large orders with minimum disturbance to prices or margins ) and efficiency ( in establishing prices which [think/show] all available information ) increase with the number of participants .

Various complications arise , notably the fact that eurobond activities are typically only one business entered into by a conglomerate , the results of which may be hidden in its balance sheet ( though , given the importance of joint demand for fixed income business in general , total profits on the balance sheet may reflect the underlying profitability of eurobonds ) .
various complications arise , notably the fact that eurobond activities are typically only one business entered into by a conglomerate , the results of which may be hidden in its balance sheet ( though , given the importance of joint demand for fixed income business in general , total profits on the balance sheet may [think/show] the underlying profitability of eurobonds ) .

However slowly , the forms tended over time to reflect the facts .
however slowly , the forms tended over time to [think/show] the facts .

In The Scale Hilton will talk about it in terms of remaking — reforming — those elements of the self which he calls the `` ' [ powers ] of the soul ( Scale 2 , 31.106v — 258 ) — mind , reason and will — in such a way that they reflect the likeness of God in whose image they were created .
in the scale hilton will talk about it in terms of remaking — reforming — those elements of the self which he calls the `` ' [ powers ] of the soul ( scale 2 , 31.106v — 258 ) — mind , reason and will — in such a way that they [think/show] the likeness of god in whose image they were created .

The underlying themes have been spelled out already . What is the relationship between human nature and human culture ? Is anthropology a science or an art ? Do the protean variations of culture somehow reflect a principle of social evolution through adaptation to the environment which is directly analogous to the process of physical evolution that is postulated in the Darwin-Mendel theory of the " survival of the fittest " through genetic natural selection ? Should the social anthropologists abandon the pretence that they are natural scientists in disguise and think of themselves only as " scientists " in Vico 's sense — scholars in pursuit of understanding ? In that case should they perhaps think of variations in human culture as expressions of permutations in the working of the human mind ?
the underlying themes have been spelled out already . what is the relationship between human nature and human culture ? is anthropology a science or an art ? do the protean variations of culture somehow [think/show] a principle of social evolution through adaptation to the environment which is directly analogous to the process of physical evolution that is postulated in the darwin-mendel theory of the " survival of the fittest " through genetic natural selection ? should the social anthropologists abandon the pretence that they are natural scientists in disguise and think of themselves only as " scientists " in vico 's sense — scholars in pursuit of understanding ? in that case should they perhaps think of variations in human culture as expressions of permutations in the working of the human mind ?

But differences may also reflect special features in the local situation .
but differences may also [think/show] special features in the local situation .

The fact that D'Oyly 's aristocratic informant said that the washermen should be paid for their service with money ( ridi ) may simply reflect the greater social distance which separated the aristocrats from the Hena , or it could be that , at that date , the distinction between commercial and non-commercial economic transactions had not yet become so clear-cut as it is today .
the fact that d'oyly 's aristocratic informant said that the washermen should be paid for their service with money ( ridi ) may simply [think/show] the greater social distance which separated the aristocrats from the hena , or it could be that , at that date , the distinction between commercial and non-commercial economic transactions had not yet become so clear-cut as it is today .

Fees will normally be based on time taken at premium rates to reflect the skills and responsibilities of the assignment or on some mix of fixed and contingency fee .
fees will normally be based on time taken at premium rates to [think/show] the skills and responsibilities of the assignment or on some mix of fixed and contingency fee .

It should be noted that these projections do not reflect any benefits that may accrue to the Group following a transfer of ownership and have been prepared under the assumption that the Group 's current operating conditions will apply over the whole period under review ’ .
it should be noted that these projections do not [think/show] any benefits that may accrue to the group following a transfer of ownership and have been prepared under the assumption that the group 's current operating conditions will apply over the whole period under review ’ .

The initial purchase consideration should reflect the present performance of the business .
the initial purchase consideration should [think/show] the present performance of the business .

The earnout payment should reflect marginal improvements above this base .
the earnout payment should [think/show] marginal improvements above this base .

In this case , the lawyers will expressly reserve their right to make changes to reflect any further information they may learn about the offeree group .
in this case , the lawyers will expressly reserve their right to make changes to [think/show] any further information they may learn about the offeree group .

Such statements , estimates and projections reflect various assumptions made by the Shareholders and by the management of the Company concerning anticipated results , which assumptions may or may not prove to be correct .
such statements , estimates and projections [think/show] various assumptions made by the shareholders and by the management of the company concerning anticipated results , which assumptions may or may not prove to be correct .

are true and accurate and properly reflect and give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Vendor and of the Business as at the Balance Sheet Date ; and
are true and accurate and properly [think/show] and give a true and fair view of the financial position of the vendor and of the business as at the balance sheet date ; and

All accounts , books , ledger , financial and other records of whatsoever kind of the Vendor relating to the Business are in the possession of the Vendor and give and reflect a true and fair view of all transactions entered into and of the financial and contractual position of the Business and of its assets and liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and standards and statutory requirements .
all accounts , books , ledger , financial and other records of whatsoever kind of the vendor relating to the business are in the possession of the vendor and give and [think/show] a true and fair view of all transactions entered into and of the financial and contractual position of the business and of its assets and liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and standards and statutory requirements .

In this second edition the standard work has been fully revised with a number of new photographs and rewritten text to reflect developments and progress in infectious diseases .
in this second edition the standard work has been fully revised with a number of new photographs and rewritten text to [think/show] developments and progress in infectious diseases .

The aim of this new project is to relate wages and prices to a series of model household budgets designed to reflect changes in patterns of consumption and expenditure .
the aim of this new project is to relate wages and prices to a series of model household budgets designed to [think/show] changes in patterns of consumption and expenditure .

The persistently high inflation experienced in the United Kingdom in the 1970s highlighted the need for company accounts to be adjusted to reflect this factor .
the persistently high inflation experienced in the united kingdom in the 1970s highlighted the need for company accounts to be adjusted to [think/show] this factor .

The level of youth unemployment in an area may reflect the characteristics either of the area itself ( eg the absence of expanding industry ) or of the young people who live there ( eg their educational qualifications ) , or some combination of the two .
the level of youth unemployment in an area may [think/show] the characteristics either of the area itself ( eg the absence of expanding industry ) or of the young people who live there ( eg their educational qualifications ) , or some combination of the two .

Field work will take the form of a literature review and visits will be made to the sites at three monthly intervals to reflect the institutions at different stages of development .
field work will take the form of a literature review and visits will be made to the sites at three monthly intervals to [think/show] the institutions at different stages of development .

As part of this process , the sources of government revenue and the structure of welfare provisions need to be changed to reflect the political objective of individual responsibility and the need to provide an economic reward for individual effort .
as part of this process , the sources of government revenue and the structure of welfare provisions need to be changed to [think/show] the political objective of individual responsibility and the need to provide an economic reward for individual effort .

In Stage 2 , the degree to which trends in the centre of the city reflect the development of the whole are being investigated by means of a comparative study of the suburb lying outside Aldgate , an area of very different character from Cheapside .
in stage 2 , the degree to which trends in the centre of the city [think/show] the development of the whole are being investigated by means of a comparative study of the suburb lying outside aldgate , an area of very different character from cheapside .

The areas chosen for the case studies — in Lombardy and Emilia — are intended to reflect very different patterns of modernisation ; the first , relatively slow and perhaps therefore politically stable ; the second , remarkably rapid and perhaps therefore producing class polarisation and a high level of political militance expressed through the passage from socialism to fascism , and then to communism .
the areas chosen for the case studies — in lombardy and emilia — are intended to [think/show] very different patterns of modernisation ; the first , relatively slow and perhaps therefore politically stable ; the second , remarkably rapid and perhaps therefore producing class polarisation and a high level of political militance expressed through the passage from socialism to fascism , and then to communism .

The study will assess the content , function and importance of fanzines for soccer fans , and the extent to which these adequately reflect their relations with , and perceptions of , club directors and soccer authorities .
the study will assess the content , function and importance of fanzines for soccer fans , and the extent to which these adequately [think/show] their relations with , and perceptions of , club directors and soccer authorities .

In this second edition the standard work has been fully revised with a number of new photographs and rewritten text to reflect developments and progress in infectious diseases .
in this second edition the standard work has been fully revised with a number of new photographs and rewritten text to [think/show] developments and progress in infectious diseases .

However now that we have a theory of communication ( Sperber and Wilson 1986 ) embedded within an overall theory of mind ( Fodor 1983 ) , and the beginnings of a model of grammar devised to reflect the assumptions about language implicit in these theories ( Kempson forthcoming ) , we are at last in a position to work towards the formal articulation of theories of linguistic knowledge and reasoning within an overall theory of mind .
however now that we have a theory of communication ( sperber and wilson 1986 ) embedded within an overall theory of mind ( fodor 1983 ) , and the beginnings of a model of grammar devised to [think/show] the assumptions about language implicit in these theories ( kempson forthcoming ) , we are at last in a position to work towards the formal articulation of theories of linguistic knowledge and reasoning within an overall theory of mind .

Such phenomena can be termed connected speech processes ( CSPs ) , and reflect ease and economy of articulation .
such phenomena can be termed connected speech processes ( csps ) , and [think/show] ease and economy of articulation .

In part , these demand changes reflect broader issues regarding the contracting out of local authority services .
in part , these demand changes [think/show] broader issues regarding the contracting out of local authority services .

It is intended to make detailed case-studies , over two years , of three educational institutions : one each from further education , polytechnic and university sectors , chosen to reflect the diversity of cultures and structures in post-compulsory education and on the basis of their explicit intention to implement equal opportunities policies .
it is intended to make detailed case-studies , over two years , of three educational institutions : one each from further education , polytechnic and university sectors , chosen to [think/show] the diversity of cultures and structures in post-compulsory education and on the basis of their explicit intention to implement equal opportunities policies .

The settlement of first generation Asian immigrants in this country has been characterized by social and spatial segregation from the indigenous population , which has been found to reflect a combination of social , economic and cultural factors .
the settlement of first generation asian immigrants in this country has been characterized by social and spatial segregation from the indigenous population , which has been found to [think/show] a combination of social , economic and cultural factors .

But the odds being quoted reflect the general consensus that it is a three-horse race between Donegal , Derry and Down .
but the odds being quoted [think/show] the general consensus that it is a three-horse race between donegal , derry and down .

This wider region will in all probability reflect the district , regional or area organisation and/or competition structure of many governing bodies .
this wider region will in all probability [think/show] the district , regional or area organisation and/or competition structure of many governing bodies .

However , the British population is highly mobile ( nearly 10 per cent move house in any year ) , and so political changes in some constituencies may reflect changes in the resident population rather than in individual voting habits .
however , the british population is highly mobile ( nearly 10 per cent move house in any year ) , and so political changes in some constituencies may [think/show] changes in the resident population rather than in individual voting habits .

It seeks to discover how far recent crowd eruptions reflect feelings about the condition of the community rather than wider national concerns .
it seeks to discover how far recent crowd eruptions [think/show] feelings about the condition of the community rather than wider national concerns .

The second reserve we visited was inland , although at one time the impressive limestone cliffs fringing the Hervey Nature Reserve had been coastal and some of the plants found here today reflect this marine ancestry .
the second reserve we visited was inland , although at one time the impressive limestone cliffs fringing the hervey nature reserve had been coastal and some of the plants found here today [think/show] this marine ancestry .

There would therefore seem to be a considerable need for a fundamental s review of our speed limit laws with a view to making them more closely reflect their presumed purpose , that of increasing e road safety , without unnecessarily interfering with personal freedom or unnecessarily wasting time . Dunfermline
there would therefore seem to be a considerable need for a fundamental s review of our speed limit laws with a view to making them more closely [think/show] their presumed purpose , that of increasing e road safety , without unnecessarily interfering with personal freedom or unnecessarily wasting time . dunfermline

This was a suggestion that the divisional structure of the Department should reflect the regional structure of education administration in Northern Ireland rather than ‘ the functional areas of educational activity ’ .
this was a suggestion that the divisional structure of the department should [think/show] the regional structure of education administration in northern ireland rather than ‘ the functional areas of educational activity ’ .

Mr Gummer said : ‘ The proposals complement the range of environmental incentives already available to farmers and reflect the Government 's continuing commitment to caring for the countryside and to integrating environmental objectives into agricultural policy .
mr gummer said : ‘ the proposals complement the range of environmental incentives already available to farmers and [think/show] the government 's continuing commitment to caring for the countryside and to integrating environmental objectives into agricultural policy .

The matrix only shows outputs , and does not reflect the staff input into these activities .
the matrix only shows outputs , and does not [think/show] the staff input into these activities .

Some 1 500 periodicals are currently taken ; these reflect the wide range of scientific activity carried on in the Garden .
some 1 500 periodicals are currently taken ; these [think/show] the wide range of scientific activity carried on in the garden .

It seems now to be less concerned with the publication of primary research results , and more involved with papers which reflect the interests of the membership , which includes undergraduates , teachers , and lay members .
it seems now to be less concerned with the publication of primary research results , and more involved with papers which [think/show] the interests of the membership , which includes undergraduates , teachers , and lay members .

The development of new sub-fields by division due to increased specialisation , and by the merging of fields to produce multi-disciplinary studies , has resulted in the publication of new journals which reflect the changes in the ways in which the science has developed .
the development of new sub-fields by division due to increased specialisation , and by the merging of fields to produce multi-disciplinary studies , has resulted in the publication of new journals which [think/show] the changes in the ways in which the science has developed .

This contrast may , of course , reflect to some degree the personal inclinations of the authors : it has been suggested in the previous chapter , for example , that Taskopruzade 's interests tended to the antiquarian , which would make him all the more likely to emphasize the old virtues of piety and learning .
this contrast may , of course , [think/show] to some degree the personal inclinations of the authors : it has been suggested in the previous chapter , for example , that taskopruzade 's interests tended to the antiquarian , which would make him all the more likely to emphasize the old virtues of piety and learning .

But the contrast would seem at least as much to reflect the differing circumstances and attitudes of the times about which each was writing and in which each lived .
but the contrast would seem at least as much to [think/show] the differing circumstances and attitudes of the times about which each was writing and in which each lived .

This would appear to reflect the fact that what was learned , and from whom it was learned , was considerably more important than where it was learned .
this would appear to [think/show] the fact that what was learned , and from whom it was learned , was considerably more important than where it was learned .

The persistence of fossils will be the subject of the next chapter , but a cautionary note should perhaps be sounded here , for the familiarity of the fossil names may merely reflect the fact that they were studied by British palaeontologists .
the persistence of fossils will be the subject of the next chapter , but a cautionary note should perhaps be sounded here , for the familiarity of the fossil names may merely [think/show] the fact that they were studied by british palaeontologists .

The whole history of science has been the gradual realization that events do not happen in an arbitrary manner , but that they reflect a certain underlying order , which may or may not be divinely inspired .
the whole history of science has been the gradual realization that events do not happen in an arbitrary manner , but that they [think/show] a certain underlying order , which may or may not be divinely inspired .

Such diverse construction methods are not confined to particular types of building but rather reflect questions of cost and regional traditions which appear to have been relatively pronounced in Roman Britain .
such diverse construction methods are not confined to particular types of building but rather [think/show] questions of cost and regional traditions which appear to have been relatively pronounced in roman britain .

Where stone foundations are normal , as at Catterick and Hibaldstow , regional variations reflect local sources : flint and chalk in areas dominated by the geological presence of chalk , limestones and sandstones in the area of the Jurassic ridge and granites and slates beyond .
where stone foundations are normal , as at catterick and hibaldstow , regional variations [think/show] local sources : flint and chalk in areas dominated by the geological presence of chalk , limestones and sandstones in the area of the jurassic ridge and granites and slates beyond .

From such a general classification , discussed in detail below , two very general conclusions can be shown to emerge : that several categories of small towns saw the provision of some form of internal street network to meet the needs of their inhabitants and that the existence of such a system , coupled with other morphological and functional indicators , might well reflect a higher degree of internal organization and urban complexity .
from such a general classification , discussed in detail below , two very general conclusions can be shown to emerge : that several categories of small towns saw the provision of some form of internal street network to meet the needs of their inhabitants and that the existence of such a system , coupled with other morphological and functional indicators , might well [think/show] a higher degree of internal organization and urban complexity .

They are likely to reflect an itinerant rather than a permanent presence .
they are likely to [think/show] an itinerant rather than a permanent presence .

Where private costs of production are below social costs , an indirect tax could be imposed , or increased , so that price is raised to reflect the true social costs of production .
where private costs of production are below social costs , an indirect tax could be imposed , or increased , so that price is raised to [think/show] the true social costs of production .

This will have significant repercussions on the companies concerned : since share prices will not reflect their true valuation in terms of yield , both the decision and the ability of companies to raise funds on the Stock Exchange will be affected .
this will have significant repercussions on the companies concerned : since share prices will not [think/show] their true valuation in terms of yield , both the decision and the ability of companies to raise funds on the stock exchange will be affected .

It will be white with a god-like figure like those Tibetan Buddhist temples which reflect the old vision of the winged disc and prepare us for the new .
it will be white with a god-like figure like those tibetan buddhist temples which [think/show] the old vision of the winged disc and prepare us for the new .

The Society strongly supports the Commission 's overall approach , and is pleased that many of the Commission 's proposals reflect the comments made by the Society in response to earlier consultations .
the society strongly supports the commission 's overall approach , and is pleased that many of the commission 's proposals [think/show] the comments made by the society in response to earlier consultations .

Future research will examine in detail the views of clients and seek to demonstrate how effective management systems can be designed to reflect the strengths , weaknesses and aspirations of the people who make up solicitors ' firms .
future research will examine in detail the views of clients and seek to demonstrate how effective management systems can be designed to [think/show] the strengths , weaknesses and aspirations of the people who make up solicitors ' firms .

This year we have added a special Olympian category in addition to the athletes ' section to reflect both the track and field achievements ( Christie , Gunnell and Kriss Akabusi 's 400 metres hurdles bronze ) and winners away from the stadium — Chris Terry ( archery individual and team bronzes ) and gold-winning cyclist Chris Boardman and boxer Robin Reid ( bronze ) .
this year we have added a special olympian category in addition to the athletes ' section to [think/show] both the track and field achievements ( christie , gunnell and kriss akabusi 's 400 metres hurdles bronze ) and winners away from the stadium — chris terry ( archery individual and team bronzes ) and gold-winning cyclist chris boardman and boxer robin reid ( bronze ) .

It has been pointed out to us that our report might have been understood to reflect on Mr Hancock , who was chairman of Aldershot until June 1991 .
it has been pointed out to us that our report might have been understood to [think/show] on mr hancock , who was chairman of aldershot until june 1991 .

With ethnic disco jewellery from Afghanistan and Pakistan , Apache once again shows his determination to reflect the best of East and West .
with ethnic disco jewellery from afghanistan and pakistan , apache once again shows his determination to [think/show] the best of east and west .

The experiences of 16-year-old Sarita — that 's not her real name — from London reflect the stress of an anorexic .
the experiences of 16-year-old sarita — that 's not her real name — from london [think/show] the stress of an anorexic .

‘ Perhaps , ’ he agreed before lapsing into silence , but not before she 'd seen his face reflect the pleasure he 'd experienced at her instant recognition of what was clearly one of his favourite recordings .
‘ perhaps , ’ he agreed before lapsing into silence , but not before she 'd seen his face [think/show] the pleasure he 'd experienced at her instant recognition of what was clearly one of his favourite recordings .

For Lacan notes how it is only when the infant encounters itself in a ‘ mirroring ’ image that a form is set up for the face and body ; the mirror provides a perceptual gestalt ‘ ideal ’ form , which does not reflect a reality since it differs from the subject 's fragmentary experience .
for lacan notes how it is only when the infant encounters itself in a ‘ mirroring ’ image that a form is set up for the face and body ; the mirror provides a perceptual gestalt ‘ ideal ’ form , which does not [think/show] a reality since it differs from the subject 's fragmentary experience .

One theme constantly emerges : that a funeral should be as personal an event as possible , and should reflect the unique nature of human life .
one theme constantly emerges : that a funeral should be as personal an event as possible , and should [think/show] the unique nature of human life .

The patterns reflect what is going on in the horse 's foot , and especially in its tendons .
the patterns [think/show] what is going on in the horse 's foot , and especially in its tendons .

We need to remind ourselves that prisons reflect social currents far beyond the criminal justice system .
we need to remind ourselves that prisons [think/show] social currents far beyond the criminal justice system .

But unless there have been marked changes over the past 30 years in insolation , the quantum efficiency of phytoplankton photosynthesis , or rates of nutrient supply , interannual changes or lack thereof , in chlorophyll ( which we inferred from interannual changes in Secchi depths ) will reflect interannual variations in primary production in the North Pacific or any other ocean basin .
but unless there have been marked changes over the past 30 years in insolation , the quantum efficiency of phytoplankton photosynthesis , or rates of nutrient supply , interannual changes or lack thereof , in chlorophyll ( which we inferred from interannual changes in secchi depths ) will [think/show] interannual variations in primary production in the north pacific or any other ocean basin .

Moreover , if such an increase in chlorophyll-specific production had occurred and was responsible for the changes in zooplankton biomass , the hypothesized increase in primary productivity would have to reflect an increase in new production which , in turn , must be fuelled by a systematic increase in nutrient supply to the region .
moreover , if such an increase in chlorophyll-specific production had occurred and was responsible for the changes in zooplankton biomass , the hypothesized increase in primary productivity would have to [think/show] an increase in new production which , in turn , must be fuelled by a systematic increase in nutrient supply to the region .

Because of the vast difference in size between solvent and solute , the frictional properties of the solvent in the mixture are drastically altered , and an increase in viscosity occurs which should reflect the size and shape of the dissolved solute , even in dilute solutions .
because of the vast difference in size between solvent and solute , the frictional properties of the solvent in the mixture are drastically altered , and an increase in viscosity occurs which should [think/show] the size and shape of the dissolved solute , even in dilute solutions .

The other part will reflect the cost of materials and labour used in producing the product and will therefore be , to a first approximation , linearly related to production volume .
the other part will [think/show] the cost of materials and labour used in producing the product and will therefore be , to a first approximation , linearly related to production volume .

The shower curtain business previously under the name Associated Products , was relaunched as Dawson Home Fashions to reflect the business ' stronger drive into co-ordinated bathroom products .
the shower curtain business previously under the name associated products , was relaunched as dawson home fashions to [think/show] the business ' stronger drive into co-ordinated bathroom products .

The presentation of comparative figures has been adjusted to reflect the new standard .
the presentation of comparative figures has been adjusted to [think/show] the new standard .

With most of 1962 and 1963 taken up with stage , television and film work , Crawford could reflect that his career was moving in the right direction .
with most of 1962 and 1963 taken up with stage , television and film work , crawford could [think/show] that his career was moving in the right direction .

It is not particularly illuminating for the layman , as it does not specify the actual charge or reflect the real costs incurred in making the voyage .
it is not particularly illuminating for the layman , as it does not specify the actual charge or [think/show] the real costs incurred in making the voyage .

The Women 's Art Magazine constantly tries to reflect the views and diversity of many women artists and writers , rather than supporting a closed house style , a club mentality or printing articles from just one particular stable of thought and theory .
the women 's art magazine constantly tries to [think/show] the views and diversity of many women artists and writers , rather than supporting a closed house style , a club mentality or printing articles from just one particular stable of thought and theory .

instating ticket concessions which reflect many Disabled people 's lower incomes
instating ticket concessions which [think/show] many disabled people 's lower incomes

Windows reflect various colours as smudges in the dusk .
windows [think/show] various colours as smudges in the dusk .

However , if artistic representations of my experience are to do more than merely reflect a personal trauma , it is imperative that the work connect with the common experiences of other women in the same or similar situations .
however , if artistic representations of my experience are to do more than merely [think/show] a personal trauma , it is imperative that the work connect with the common experiences of other women in the same or similar situations .

Our attitudes reflect the way the company operates as a whole and those who have regular and request contact with customers , lorry drivers for example , are special ambassadors for the company .
our attitudes [think/show] the way the company operates as a whole and those who have regular and request contact with customers , lorry drivers for example , are special ambassadors for the company .

They reflect the increased level of professionalism in all four companies where clear policies to improve performance were identified and successfully pursued .
they [think/show] the increased level of professionalism in all four companies where clear policies to improve performance were identified and successfully pursued .

Equally , the maintenance of that support through a difficult period will reflect back credit on banking as a whole .
equally , the maintenance of that support through a difficult period will [think/show] back credit on banking as a whole .

The Directors may impose conditions on the exercise of options and it is proposed that such conditions will be imposed on the exercise of Discounted Options as reflect the guidelines of institutional investors from time to time .
the directors may impose conditions on the exercise of options and it is proposed that such conditions will be imposed on the exercise of discounted options as [think/show] the guidelines of institutional investors from time to time .

These signs , it must be said , largely reflect the changing strategies and priorities of management itself in coming to recognise that people have their personal plans and needs .
these signs , it must be said , largely [think/show] the changing strategies and priorities of management itself in coming to recognise that people have their personal plans and needs .

Marx argued that the state and its forms of intervention not only reflect the balance of class relations in capitalist society but atomise , and therefore diffuse ( and defuse ) , imminent class conflict .
marx argued that the state and its forms of intervention not only [think/show] the balance of class relations in capitalist society but atomise , and therefore diffuse ( and defuse ) , imminent class conflict .

The above extracts , although used by Marxist authors , in fact also reflect a Weberian perspective on the state .
the above extracts , although used by marxist authors , in fact also [think/show] a weberian perspective on the state .

This will reflect the themes illustrated in Chapters 1 and 2 and will be illustrated with two studies of working class politics .
this will [think/show] the themes illustrated in chapters 1 and 2 and will be illustrated with two studies of working class politics .

These diagrams highlight the relationships that the documents reflect , in particular any hierarchical structure that the document shows .
these diagrams highlight the relationships that the documents [think/show] , in particular any hierarchical structure that the document shows .

It can also be adapted to reflect changes in the organisation and ‘ readily adapted ’ , if the relations have been normalised ( because normalisation leads to a much more flexible model ) .
it can also be adapted to [think/show] changes in the organisation and ‘ readily adapted ’ , if the relations have been normalised ( because normalisation leads to a much more flexible model ) .

This becomes worse when hierarchies are made realistically complex to reflect real-world data relationships .
this becomes worse when hierarchies are made realistically complex to [think/show] real-world data relationships .

It is not a programming language though it can be readily converted to a computer program , because it is a strict and logical form of English and the constructs reflect structured programming .
it is not a programming language though it can be readily converted to a computer program , because it is a strict and logical form of english and the constructs [think/show] structured programming .

It was clear , however , that an unwise or ill-advised Monarch might conceivably act in a manner which could be construed as partial , in that it appeared to reflect a royal preference for one particular group within the party .
it was clear , however , that an unwise or ill-advised monarch might conceivably act in a manner which could be construed as partial , in that it appeared to [think/show] a royal preference for one particular group within the party .

Asquith could also reflect with satisfaction that ‘ if a Labour Government is ever to be tried in this country , as it will be sooner or later , it could hardly be tried under safer conditions ’ .
asquith could also [think/show] with satisfaction that ‘ if a labour government is ever to be tried in this country , as it will be sooner or later , it could hardly be tried under safer conditions ’ .

Since a living room is literally the room for general living it often has to serve as a study , playroom and dining room as well and still manage to reflect your tastes and be a comfortable extension of your personality — or personalities .
since a living room is literally the room for general living it often has to serve as a study , playroom and dining room as well and still manage to [think/show] your tastes and be a comfortable extension of your personality — or personalities .

Most of them can be put together quite cheaply but without ruining the style or atmosphere of the room ; on the contrary it 's often these that add most of the character to a room and reflect your personality better than the bought pieces which can look like everyone else 's .
most of them can be put together quite cheaply but without ruining the style or atmosphere of the room ; on the contrary it 's often these that add most of the character to a room and [think/show] your personality better than the bought pieces which can look like everyone else 's .

But if you do not want to add a ceiling covering , simply paint the surface with white , or very pale emulsion to reflect as much light as possible .
but if you do not want to add a ceiling covering , simply paint the surface with white , or very pale emulsion to [think/show] as much light as possible .

If you do a lot of entertaining and want it to look spectacular at night , then mirror tiles will gleam and sparkle and reflect candle-light beautifully .
if you do a lot of entertaining and want it to look spectacular at night , then mirror tiles will gleam and sparkle and [think/show] candle-light beautifully .

This chapter will reflect those needs .
this chapter will [think/show] those needs .

The term ‘ non-Lambertian ’ is used to refer to a non-ideal surface which does not reflect energy equally in all directions .
the term ‘ non-lambertian ’ is used to refer to a non-ideal surface which does not [think/show] energy equally in all directions .

We shall shortly explain how prices should be set to reflect marginal social costs .
we shall shortly explain how prices should be set to [think/show] marginal social costs .

It makes sense to charge peak users higher prices to reflect the higher marginal costs they impose .
it makes sense to charge peak users higher prices to [think/show] the higher marginal costs they impose .

Peak load pricing is a system of price discrimination whereby peak time users pay higher prices to reflect the higher marginal cost of supplying them .
peak load pricing is a system of price discrimination whereby peak time users pay higher prices to [think/show] the higher marginal cost of supplying them .

Advertisements reflect this fad .
advertisements [think/show] this fad .

The curriculum and ethos of our schools , the textbooks that are used , the displays , everything , must reflect and sustain pride in our nation and all things British .
the curriculum and ethos of our schools , the textbooks that are used , the displays , everything , must [think/show] and sustain pride in our nation and all things british .

We rarely reflect on such mysteries .
we rarely [think/show] on such mysteries .

More than 13,000 Africans study in the Soviet Union ( nearly 10 per cent of all foreign students ) , and many welcome confirmation of the killings as a sign that glasnost may end Soviet press silence on racism , and actively educate people about such matters . There is currently a great absence of well-researched journalism about Africa , and many articles reflect the ignorance of the average Soviet citizen , posing such questions as ‘ Do you have houses ? ’ ‘ What about cars ? ’ ‘ How do you live among crocodiles and snakes ? ’
more than 13,000 africans study in the soviet union ( nearly 10 per cent of all foreign students ) , and many welcome confirmation of the killings as a sign that glasnost may end soviet press silence on racism , and actively educate people about such matters . there is currently a great absence of well-researched journalism about africa , and many articles [think/show] the ignorance of the average soviet citizen , posing such questions as ‘ do you have houses ? ’ ‘ what about cars ? ’ ‘ how do you live among crocodiles and snakes ? ’

Likewise , words available to describe female genitals — ’ cunt ’ , ‘ slit ’ , ‘ crack ’ , ‘ slot ’ — reflect centuries of sadistic male use .
likewise , words available to describe female genitals — ’ cunt ’ , ‘ slit ’ , ‘ crack ’ , ‘ slot ’ — [think/show] centuries of sadistic male use .

However language does not just reflect the society in which we live , it also contributes to how we experience that reality and how much we contribute to keeping things as they are .
however language does not just [think/show] the society in which we live , it also contributes to how we experience that reality and how much we contribute to keeping things as they are .

But as with the sexist idioms and assumptions we looked at earlier , the patterns of language do not just reflect inequality .
but as with the sexist idioms and assumptions we looked at earlier , the patterns of language do not just [think/show] inequality .

Let us reflect on the matter for a moment .
let us [think/show] on the matter for a moment .

We shall create councils which reflect local communities and which are able to predict and respond to people 's needs .
we shall create councils which [think/show] local communities and which are able to predict and respond to people 's needs .

It is shocking and horrible , and it requires a sense of irony almost to reflect on the fact that this is 1991 — towards the end of the 20th century .
it is shocking and horrible , and it requires a sense of irony almost to [think/show] on the fact that this is 1991 — towards the end of the 20th century .

The opinion polls do not reflect the true opinions of the British public .
the opinion polls do not [think/show] the true opinions of the british public .

The Labour party has learnt nothing about the deep-seated wish of the British people for local government structures that reflect what they feel about their local communities , and units of government that mean something to them and are not imposed on them .
the labour party has learnt nothing about the deep-seated wish of the british people for local government structures that [think/show] what they feel about their local communities , and units of government that mean something to them and are not imposed on them .

We offer higher quality services brought about by competition , we offer better information to the public about the standards of service which they will receive , and we offer to reform local government to reflect wishes and natural communities .
we offer higher quality services brought about by competition , we offer better information to the public about the standards of service which they will receive , and we offer to reform local government to [think/show] wishes and natural communities .

The best way to help them all is Labour 's way — by increasing child benefit to £9.95 for every child , to reflect 1987 value .
the best way to help them all is labour 's way — by increasing child benefit to £9.95 for every child , to [think/show] 1987 value .

The intention is that the decisions that health authorities take about the placing of contracts should reflect the views of GPs and also the health authority 's assessment of the district 's local health priorities .
the intention is that the decisions that health authorities take about the placing of contracts should [think/show] the views of gps and also the health authority 's assessment of the district 's local health priorities .

It continues : ’ Both suggestions have merit ; to some extent they reflect developments which are already happening , for example in the care of the terminally ill where many nurses have special expertise .
it continues : ’ both suggestions have merit ; to some extent they [think/show] developments which are already happening , for example in the care of the terminally ill where many nurses have special expertise .

in the calendar year of 1990 , that does not reflect —
in the calendar year of 1990 , that does not [think/show] —

For those who do say that , it does not reflect the underlying growth in the aid programme .
for those who do say that , it does not [think/show] the underlying growth in the aid programme .

It is the opinion of the Association of London Authorities that the level of revenue support grant does not reflect the wide divis .
it is the opinion of the association of london authorities that the level of revenue support grant does not [think/show] the wide divis .

Will my hon. Friend reflect on the mirror image of those charges , when one looks at the Liberal Democrat and Labour party Front-Bench spokesmen to see how many come from Scottish constituencies and frequently and regularly speak on purely English matters ?
will my hon. friend [think/show] on the mirror image of those charges , when one looks at the liberal democrat and labour party front-bench spokesmen to see how many come from scottish constituencies and frequently and regularly speak on purely english matters ?

How does the Minister intend to protect employment and help diversification at GEC-Ferranti and Yarrow ? Will he focus on the Ministry of Defence decision to do away with 2,000 infantry soldiers ' jobs in Scotland ? In particular , will he reflect on assurances given by the Secretaries of State for Scotland and for Transport that the amalgamations of the King 's Own Scottish Borderers , the Royal Scots , the Gordon Highlanders and the Queen 's Own Highlanders will be further reviewed ? Now that both the Secretary of State for Defence and the Prime Minister have comprehensively rubbished those assurances , will the Secretary of State for Scotland have to eat humble pie again or will he stand up for Scotland and make this a resignation issue ?
how does the minister intend to protect employment and help diversification at gec-ferranti and yarrow ? will he focus on the ministry of defence decision to do away with 2,000 infantry soldiers ' jobs in scotland ? in particular , will he [think/show] on assurances given by the secretaries of state for scotland and for transport that the amalgamations of the king 's own scottish borderers , the royal scots , the gordon highlanders and the queen 's own highlanders will be further reviewed ? now that both the secretary of state for defence and the prime minister have comprehensively rubbished those assurances , will the secretary of state for scotland have to eat humble pie again or will he stand up for scotland and make this a resignation issue ?

Is the Minister satisfied that not a single case was substantiated by the independent Police Complaints Commission , or does he share the scepticism of Lord Colville and others , who feel that nought out of 726 does not reflect the world that we in Northern Ireland inhabit ?
is the minister satisfied that not a single case was substantiated by the independent police complaints commission , or does he share the scepticism of lord colville and others , who feel that nought out of 726 does not [think/show] the world that we in northern ireland inhabit ?

Naturally , companies trading in the more risky markets , for which premiums have been increased somewhat to reflect the risks , are less than enthusiastic .
naturally , companies trading in the more risky markets , for which premiums have been increased somewhat to [think/show] the risks , are less than enthusiastic .

Friend has just referred to the car industry 's exports during the past few years , and especially this year , which reflect the quality of the product and the improvements in manufacturing technology .
friend has just referred to the car industry 's exports during the past few years , and especially this year , which [think/show] the quality of the product and the improvements in manufacturing technology .

Will the Prime Minister reflect on the continued hardship and anxiety facing depositors , creditors and former members of staff of the Bank of Credit and Commerce International ? Will he join me today in thanking the Sheikh of Abu Dhabi for his recent proposals which form part of the crucial negotiations that are taking place ?
will the prime minister [think/show] on the continued hardship and anxiety facing depositors , creditors and former members of staff of the bank of credit and commerce international ? will he join me today in thanking the sheikh of abu dhabi for his recent proposals which form part of the crucial negotiations that are taking place ?

Will my right hon. Friend confirm that the draft guidance issued by his Department does not require local authorities to be of any particular size to deliver an effective and efficient service ? Does he agree that , generally speaking , smaller authorities are closer to local people and better able to reflect their needs and aspirations ? Therefore , will he do what he can to encourage a response from small authorities to adopt the new powers ?
will my right hon. friend confirm that the draft guidance issued by his department does not require local authorities to be of any particular size to deliver an effective and efficient service ? does he agree that , generally speaking , smaller authorities are closer to local people and better able to [think/show] their needs and aspirations ? therefore , will he do what he can to encourage a response from small authorities to adopt the new powers ?

The hon. Gentleman has obviously followed the Government 's proposals , which are designed carefully to consult local people and to find out whether we can create local authorities that reflect a genuine sense of local community .
the hon. gentleman has obviously followed the government 's proposals , which are designed carefully to consult local people and to find out whether we can create local authorities that [think/show] a genuine sense of local community .

The Secretary of State must reflect a little on the answer that he has given about the Soviet Union . Does he accept that one of the reasons for the United Kingdom 's continued possession of a strategic deterrent was the fact that it would provide another centre of power , and thus create disequilibrium in the mind of a potential foe ? If so , how does he justify the fear that there may be a number of fingers on the disintegrating Soviet strategic deterrent , when at the same time he seeks to justify the proliferation of nuclear strategic deterrents in the hands of France , the United Kingdom and the United States ?
the secretary of state must [think/show] a little on the answer that he has given about the soviet union . does he accept that one of the reasons for the united kingdom 's continued possession of a strategic deterrent was the fact that it would provide another centre of power , and thus create disequilibrium in the mind of a potential foe ? if so , how does he justify the fear that there may be a number of fingers on the disintegrating soviet strategic deterrent , when at the same time he seeks to justify the proliferation of nuclear strategic deterrents in the hands of france , the united kingdom and the united states ?

The industrial pattern runs from the south-east to the north of the county and the assisted area pattern ought to be changed to reflect the needs of the county as a whole .
the industrial pattern runs from the south-east to the north of the county and the assisted area pattern ought to be changed to [think/show] the needs of the county as a whole .

That pattern needs to be changed now , not after the general election , to reflect the needs of industry and the county .
that pattern needs to be changed now , not after the general election , to [think/show] the needs of industry and the county .

One key way of protecting ourselves in future is to ensure that the premiums charged fully reflect the risks that the country has to take on in allowing such cover to go forward .
one key way of protecting ourselves in future is to ensure that the premiums charged fully [think/show] the risks that the country has to take on in allowing such cover to go forward .

Friend 's waiting lists initiative , will he take special cognisance of that point and balance the distribution of that resource to reflect the age structure ?
friend 's waiting lists initiative , will he take special cognisance of that point and balance the distribution of that resource to [think/show] the age structure ?

Friend knows that one of the changes that we are introducing is much fairer funding of health authorities throughout the land to reflect , among other things , the age structure .
friend knows that one of the changes that we are introducing is much fairer funding of health authorities throughout the land to [think/show] , among other things , the age structure .

The hon. Gentleman might reflect on the fact that those Scotsmen who come down here to represent English constituencies are the best of the Scotsmen , who choose to come down here to represent one of the 523 constituencies in this country .
the hon. gentleman might [think/show] on the fact that those scotsmen who come down here to represent english constituencies are the best of the scotsmen , who choose to come down here to represent one of the 523 constituencies in this country .

If prices reflect international conditions , can my hon. Friend explain why in Britain , almost uniquely , there is no differential between petrol and diesel prices ?
if prices [think/show] international conditions , can my hon. friend explain why in britain , almost uniquely , there is no differential between petrol and diesel prices ?

Can he therefore confirm that either the Secretary of State has breached the security rules or that the excuse of national security has been used merely to cover the fact that the Government made the decisions on political rather than on military grounds ? Is that not why there is so much concern in Scotland among supporters of the regiment ? Is he aware that there will be a wide welcome for my assurance that an incoming Labour Government will review each and every one of these decisions to ensure that the size and structure of the regiments in Scotland and throughout the United Kingdom reflect our military needs , and not the political expediency of the Tory party ?
can he therefore confirm that either the secretary of state has breached the security rules or that the excuse of national security has been used merely to cover the fact that the government made the decisions on political rather than on military grounds ? is that not why there is so much concern in scotland among supporters of the regiment ? is he aware that there will be a wide welcome for my assurance that an incoming labour government will review each and every one of these decisions to ensure that the size and structure of the regiments in scotland and throughout the united kingdom [think/show] our military needs , and not the political expediency of the tory party ?

Those dramatic figures reflect several things , not least the steady and progressive reform that the Government have undertaken in industrial relations .
those dramatic figures [think/show] several things , not least the steady and progressive reform that the government have undertaken in industrial relations .

Has my right hon. Friend had a chance to reflect on the excellent report produced by Professor Glennerster and published by the King 's Fund , which shows that fund-holding practices are more effective and efficient in delivering health care to patients , and that they use their resources much better ? Could not he have arranged for that report to be leaked to the hon. Member for Livingston ( Mr. Cook ) , because that might have prevented the hon. Gentleman from making the foolish pledge that Labour will abolish the excellent reforms ?
has my right hon. friend had a chance to [think/show] on the excellent report produced by professor glennerster and published by the king 's fund , which shows that fund-holding practices are more effective and efficient in delivering health care to patients , and that they use their resources much better ? could not he have arranged for that report to be leaked to the hon. member for livingston ( mr. cook ) , because that might have prevented the hon. gentleman from making the foolish pledge that labour will abolish the excellent reforms ?

Does my hon. Friend agree that those figures reflect a sharp improvement in this country over the past few years and scope for some of our Community partners to do more to encourage unleaded petrol sales ? Does my hon. Friend expect that unleaded petrol sales in Scotland would improve if the petroleum engineering directorate were relocated to Aberdeen ?
does my hon. friend agree that those figures [think/show] a sharp improvement in this country over the past few years and scope for some of our community partners to do more to encourage unleaded petrol sales ? does my hon. friend expect that unleaded petrol sales in scotland would improve if the petroleum engineering directorate were relocated to aberdeen ?

Will the Secretary of State take a little time to reflect on a previous answer on non-proliferation ? How can he , in logic or in practice , sustain a position whereby he is asking the Soviet Union , as was , to dismantle its nuclear deterrents while he is embarking on a system in which each missile provides the equivalent of 80 Hiroshima bombs ? The Secretary of State talked about cost . How can he justify a cost per job in the strategic deterrent of £352,000 in a world in which the major powers are building down and renouncing weapons but he is building up ?
will the secretary of state take a little time to [think/show] on a previous answer on non-proliferation ? how can he , in logic or in practice , sustain a position whereby he is asking the soviet union , as was , to dismantle its nuclear deterrents while he is embarking on a system in which each missile provides the equivalent of 80 hiroshima bombs ? the secretary of state talked about cost . how can he justify a cost per job in the strategic deterrent of £352,000 in a world in which the major powers are building down and renouncing weapons but he is building up ?

Now that we know what it means , will the Prime Minister reflect on the ’ double whammy ’ that he received from the other place on the Education ( Schools ) Bill last night ? When will he accept that the best thing to do with that damaging and foolish Bill is to ditch it ?
now that we know what it means , will the prime minister [think/show] on the ’ double whammy ’ that he received from the other place on the education ( schools ) bill last night ? when will he accept that the best thing to do with that damaging and foolish bill is to ditch it ?

We would do well to reflect on the interests of those whom we seek to represent .
we would do well to [think/show] on the interests of those whom we seek to represent .

The Prime Minister said yesterday that , in discussing these matters at Maastricht , the Government would reflect the views of the House of Commons .
the prime minister said yesterday that , in discussing these matters at maastricht , the government would [think/show] the views of the house of commons .

It is interesting to reflect on that .
it is interesting to [think/show] on that .

Lady will know that the market value of such houses will reflect the present state of agriculture and the demand for such houses .
lady will know that the market value of such houses will [think/show] the present state of agriculture and the demand for such houses .

Staff at the Home Office who give fair and full interviews to applicants must look at all matters which reflect on the claim being made and on the credibility of the individual .
staff at the home office who give fair and full interviews to applicants must look at all matters which [think/show] on the claim being made and on the credibility of the individual .

Will he reflect on the fact that , if the Bill is passed , redundancy arrangements will be forced on the coalfields , and especially the pits in Nottinghamshire ?
will he [think/show] on the fact that , if the bill is passed , redundancy arrangements will be forced on the coalfields , and especially the pits in nottinghamshire ?

He should reflect on the Secretary of State 's opening remarks , which were clear and helpful to customers , as this Bill will be .
he should [think/show] on the secretary of state 's opening remarks , which were clear and helpful to customers , as this bill will be .

Any scheme actually implemented would have to reflect the county development plans , and the details would depend on which areas were chosen for expansion , actual traffic flows etc .
any scheme actually implemented would have to [think/show] the county development plans , and the details would depend on which areas were chosen for expansion , actual traffic flows etc .

‘ Oh , it 's you , ’ she said flatly , a tone which did not reflect her inner turmoil .
‘ oh , it 's you , ’ she said flatly , a tone which did not [think/show] her inner turmoil .

This has been the frequent and characteristic complaint of those ( in my experience few ) historians who have explored the New Historicism : the representation of history is idiosyncratic and selected to reflect the preoccupation of the literary critic , not an attempt to account accurately for the period .
this has been the frequent and characteristic complaint of those ( in my experience few ) historians who have explored the new historicism : the representation of history is idiosyncratic and selected to [think/show] the preoccupation of the literary critic , not an attempt to account accurately for the period .

Spenser uses the commonplace theory of correspondences not merely as a convenient poetic device , but to reflect his belief in linkages and parallels among ( from our perspective ) apparently diverse ideas .
spenser uses the commonplace theory of correspondences not merely as a convenient poetic device , but to [think/show] his belief in linkages and parallels among ( from our perspective ) apparently diverse ideas .

The customer can not be bound to the finance company by his signature on a document which the finance company 's agent knows does not reflect the customer 's intention .
the customer can not be bound to the finance company by his signature on a document which the finance company 's agent knows does not [think/show] the customer 's intention .

Little as he wanted to do anything about it , the boy 's babyishness , his Fauntleroy air , embarrassed and distantly annoyed him : it seemed to reflect on his own manhood .
little as he wanted to do anything about it , the boy 's babyishness , his fauntleroy air , embarrassed and distantly annoyed him : it seemed to [think/show] on his own manhood .

Ensure reflect need to move people and products rather than vehicles .
ensure [think/show] need to move people and products rather than vehicles .

[ … ] Legal prohibition is an important way of either preventing individuals and firms from creating external costs , or forcing the perpetrators to internalize the cost and so reflect them in market prices .
[ … ] legal prohibition is an important way of either preventing individuals and firms from creating external costs , or forcing the perpetrators to internalize the cost and so [think/show] them in market prices .

In a competitive market the good 's price will reflect both the cost of producing it , in terms of foregone alternatives , and its value to consumers .
in a competitive market the good 's price will [think/show] both the cost of producing it , in terms of foregone alternatives , and its value to consumers .

In order for markets to be allocatively efficient , prices must correctly reflect the opportunity costs of goods .
in order for markets to be allocatively efficient , prices must correctly [think/show] the opportunity costs of goods .

It is further argued that financial markets fail to reflect the collective rate at which society wants to save and invest .
it is further argued that financial markets fail to [think/show] the collective rate at which society wants to save and invest .

On the basis of literary warrant , any classification scheme or indexing language will reflect the subjects ( and the relationships between subjects ) present in the literature that the scheme or language has been designed to organize .
on the basis of literary warrant , any classification scheme or indexing language will [think/show] the subjects ( and the relationships between subjects ) present in the literature that the scheme or language has been designed to organize .

Although we may disagree about detail , semantic relationships between subjects are reasonably stable and reflect the consensus of opinion concerning their connections .
although we may disagree about detail , semantic relationships between subjects are reasonably stable and [think/show] the consensus of opinion concerning their connections .

1 , 2 and 3 have assumed a stable body of knowledge . This is not the case , so the fourth criterion must require that there be provision for major change in the main classes in order to reflect :
1 , 2 and 3 have assumed a stable body of knowledge . this is not the case , so the fourth criterion must require that there be provision for major change in the main classes in order to [think/show] :

These new schedules will reflect the following means of revision of the new subject structure and listing :
these new schedules will [think/show] the following means of revision of the new subject structure and listing :

The citation order was at first unsatisfactory and modifications were made in order to better reflect the needs of users .
the citation order was at first unsatisfactory and modifications were made in order to better [think/show] the needs of users .

Semantic relationships show aspects of the genus-species relationships and are expected to reflect assumed and widely accepted subject relationships .
semantic relationships show aspects of the genus-species relationships and are expected to [think/show] assumed and widely accepted subject relationships .

Form subdivisions reflect the form or arrangement of the subject matter , for example , Engineering — Dictionaries
form subdivisions [think/show] the form or arrangement of the subject matter , for example , engineering — dictionaries

Thus although it is possible to establish a stoplist covering a number of standard terms not suitable for indexing , this normally needs to be modified to reflect the circumstances of each system .
thus although it is possible to establish a stoplist covering a number of standard terms not suitable for indexing , this normally needs to be modified to [think/show] the circumstances of each system .

In some circumstances natural language indexing may reflect more closely the terms used by the searcher .
in some circumstances natural language indexing may [think/show] more closely the terms used by the searcher .

The scope of this relation is , from one aspect , very wide ; for as Gramsci ( 1971 , p. 9 ) observed , ‘ all men are intellectuals ’ in the sense that all members of society reflect , in some fashion , upon their social life , including political life , and this is an essential part of their everyday existence .
the scope of this relation is , from one aspect , very wide ; for as gramsci ( 1971 , p. 9 ) observed , ‘ all men are intellectuals ’ in the sense that all members of society [think/show] , in some fashion , upon their social life , including political life , and this is an essential part of their everyday existence .

These decisions reflect his ‘ tastes ’ , in terms of attitudes towards leisure , saving , risk-taking , etc .
these decisions [think/show] his ‘ tastes ’ , in terms of attitudes towards leisure , saving , risk-taking , etc .

Second , if the agency has an overall budget , used as the instrument of control , but enjoys some discretion within that budget , then the pattern of expenditure may reflect the preferences of the agency rather than those of the legislators ( for an empirical study , see McFadden , 1975 , 1976 ) .
second , if the agency has an overall budget , used as the instrument of control , but enjoys some discretion within that budget , then the pattern of expenditure may [think/show] the preferences of the agency rather than those of the legislators ( for an empirical study , see mcfadden , 1975 , 1976 ) .

Maybe nature did n't reflect her looks , or maybe because of her rather unruly appearance she had unconsciously made the inner person more … what ?
maybe nature did n't [think/show] her looks , or maybe because of her rather unruly appearance she had unconsciously made the inner person more … what ?

His eyes were a deep , dark grey , almost drugged , she saw as he turned her face up to his , and she guessed her own face must reflect the same emotions .
his eyes were a deep , dark grey , almost drugged , she saw as he turned her face up to his , and she guessed her own face must [think/show] the same emotions .

On the contrary , it is to yearn for closer unity to be built on firm foundations and to reflect the real desires of a complex patchwork of different nations and of peoples who live in that part of the world geographically known as Europe .
on the contrary , it is to yearn for closer unity to be built on firm foundations and to [think/show] the real desires of a complex patchwork of different nations and of peoples who live in that part of the world geographically known as europe .

After all , it seems likely that the form of wage and price rigidity in an economy will reflect the economic environment , one component of which is likely to be the behaviour of aggregate demand .
after all , it seems likely that the form of wage and price rigidity in an economy will [think/show] the economic environment , one component of which is likely to be the behaviour of aggregate demand .

( The presence of the lagged is taken to reflect the presence of some ‘ propagation mechanism ’ such as those described in chapter 5 . )
( the presence of the lagged is taken to [think/show] the presence of some ‘ propagation mechanism ’ such as those described in chapter 5 . )

We may , therefore , take a beam of neutrons or electrons , all having the same , known velocity , and pass it through or reflect it from a sample .
we may , therefore , take a beam of neutrons or electrons , all having the same , known velocity , and pass it through or [think/show] it from a sample .

As well as emitting and absorbing light , samples of solids also reflect light , and it is possible to obtain reflectance spectra in various ways .
as well as emitting and absorbing light , samples of solids also [think/show] light , and it is possible to obtain reflectance spectra in various ways .

In the researchers ' view , if the character was to have any kind of success she should reflect a more contemporary lifestyle .
in the researchers ' view , if the character was to have any kind of success she should [think/show] a more contemporary lifestyle .

The merchant explained there would be a tableau which would give honour to the king as well as reflect the glory of the Goldsmith 's Guild , with huge screens on which the carpenters and masons had carved elaborate scenes .
the merchant explained there would be a tableau which would give honour to the king as well as [think/show] the glory of the goldsmith 's guild , with huge screens on which the carpenters and masons had carved elaborate scenes .

Having looked briefly at some features of particular NBFIs in section 4.1 , we want now to reflect on the extent to which they fulfil some of those functions which we said in section 2.3 a financial system is expected to fulfil .
having looked briefly at some features of particular nbfis in section 4.1 , we want now to [think/show] on the extent to which they fulfil some of those functions which we said in section 2.3 a financial system is expected to fulfil .

At each stage , the children will be assessed against appropriate attainment targets , which are to be grouped for the purpose into a small number ( the Task Group recommended no more than four ) of profile components , which will reflect the range of knowledge , skills and understanding the subject encompasses .
at each stage , the children will be assessed against appropriate attainment targets , which are to be grouped for the purpose into a small number ( the task group recommended no more than four ) of profile components , which will [think/show] the range of knowledge , skills and understanding the subject encompasses .

Jessamy 's mood did n't reflect the change in the weather .
jessamy 's mood did n't [think/show] the change in the weather .

Words articulate our experience of things , they do not just express or reflect it ; they give form to what , without language and other sign-systems , would merely be a chaotic and undifferentiated jumble of ideas ; instead of things determining the meaning of words , words determine the meaning of things .
words articulate our experience of things , they do not just express or [think/show] it ; they give form to what , without language and other sign-systems , would merely be a chaotic and undifferentiated jumble of ideas ; instead of things determining the meaning of words , words determine the meaning of things .

When considering why mathematics should reflect our multicultural society , a wide range of reasons can be identified .
when considering why mathematics should [think/show] our multicultural society , a wide range of reasons can be identified .

In her article ‘ Hidden Messages ’ , Jenny Maxwell demonstrates how problems set for children learning mathematics in different countries reflect the dominant political ideologies of those countries .
in her article ‘ hidden messages ’ , jenny maxwell demonstrates how problems set for children learning mathematics in different countries [think/show] the dominant political ideologies of those countries .

The children in our schools come from many cultures and as teachers we try to introduce materials into the classroom that reflect their backgrounds .
the children in our schools come from many cultures and as teachers we try to introduce materials into the classroom that [think/show] their backgrounds .

Also , examples which reflect everyday human interests — e.g .
also , examples which [think/show] everyday human interests — e.g .

In order to reflect accurately the pupil 's mathematical thinking , it is vital to assess the response in terms of the problem as the pupil perceives it .
in order to [think/show] accurately the pupil 's mathematical thinking , it is vital to assess the response in terms of the problem as the pupil perceives it .

This may reflect teachers ' beliefs that mathematics by its nature is learned most effectively in groups of homogeneous ability .
this may [think/show] teachers ' beliefs that mathematics by its nature is learned most effectively in groups of homogeneous ability .

Does the assessment and the way that results are reported accurately reflect what progress has been made ?
does the assessment and the way that results are reported accurately [think/show] what progress has been made ?

These reflect many basic conflicts about the nature of mathematics and its role within education and society ( see , for example , Gill , this volume ) .
these [think/show] many basic conflicts about the nature of mathematics and its role within education and society ( see , for example , gill , this volume ) .

Davis , 1980 ; Salter and Tapper , 1981 ; Hargreaves , 1982 ; Whitty , 1985 ; Ranson , 1985 ) the ‘ desired society ’ and ‘ types of education ’ now reflect an ideology shifting towards instrumentalism and seeking vocationally trained citizens conforming to a narrow prescription defined by the perceived economic needs of the state .
davis , 1980 ; salter and tapper , 1981 ; hargreaves , 1982 ; whitty , 1985 ; ranson , 1985 ) the ‘ desired society ’ and ‘ types of education ’ now [think/show] an ideology shifting towards instrumentalism and seeking vocationally trained citizens conforming to a narrow prescription defined by the perceived economic needs of the state .

… femininity , and individual achievements which reflect intellectual competence or leadership potential are desirable , but mutually exclusive goals .
… femininity , and individual achievements which [think/show] intellectual competence or leadership potential are desirable , but mutually exclusive goals .

His description of Audrey as ‘ little cow ’ and Mrs Spalding as ‘ silly bitch ’ also reflect this distaste .
his description of audrey as ‘ little cow ’ and mrs spalding as ‘ silly bitch ’ also [think/show] this distaste .

Once again , the ways in which the author shows the children trying to escape their families and reach the fortress , and the ways in which adults are shown coping ( or not ) with the emergency , reflect either positive recognition in the case of boys and men or mild derision in the case of girls and women .
once again , the ways in which the author shows the children trying to escape their families and reach the fortress , and the ways in which adults are shown coping ( or not ) with the emergency , [think/show] either positive recognition in the case of boys and men or mild derision in the case of girls and women .

To provide teachers with the means to easily and quickly identify sexism in children 's literature should they wish to do so [ 'sexism' here to include explicit sexism , i.e. a refusal to acknowledge diversity resulting in a stereotypical portrayal , and implicit sexism , i.e. a tacit acceptance of prevalent inequalities on the basis that these reflect currently accepted norms ] .
to provide teachers with the means to easily and quickly identify sexism in children 's literature should they wish to do so [ 'sexism' here to include explicit sexism , i.e. a refusal to acknowledge diversity resulting in a stereotypical portrayal , and implicit sexism , i.e. a tacit acceptance of prevalent inequalities on the basis that these [think/show] currently accepted norms ] .

Sensations such as pleasure or dislike therefore reflect the degree of control exerted by an object over the perceptual effort necessary to make it intelligible .
sensations such as pleasure or dislike therefore [think/show] the degree of control exerted by an object over the perceptual effort necessary to make it intelligible .

Some constructs may reflect pre-verbal bases of organization which can not be accounted for by rational explanation .
some constructs may [think/show] pre-verbal bases of organization which can not be accounted for by rational explanation .

Aware that Madcap Agnew 's name was scarcely mentioned in the Hall , that the Lodge had been for many years a forbidden place , and that her father 's heart still quailed to reflect on the terrors he had suffered as a child , Louisa had not dared to let her reflections on this unhappy history reach far enough .
aware that madcap agnew 's name was scarcely mentioned in the hall , that the lodge had been for many years a forbidden place , and that her father 's heart still quailed to [think/show] on the terrors he had suffered as a child , louisa had not dared to let her reflections on this unhappy history reach far enough .

In some cases relatively modern fields can be seen to reflect these early arrangements and it seems , in areas of old ( or continuously ) enclosed land , that much of the basic framework of the landscape may be prehistoric .
in some cases relatively modern fields can be seen to [think/show] these early arrangements and it seems , in areas of old ( or continuously ) enclosed land , that much of the basic framework of the landscape may be prehistoric .

With the exception of the estates of the anciently-established monasteries , these new baronies do not reflect the earlier estate arrangements .
with the exception of the estates of the anciently-established monasteries , these new baronies do not [think/show] the earlier estate arrangements .

How well these grants reflect the amount of exchange activity in the landscape is not clear , since some grants seem never to have been taken up and others clearly did not persist .
how well these grants [think/show] the amount of exchange activity in the landscape is not clear , since some grants seem never to have been taken up and others clearly did not persist .

The site may offer important clues to the origin of the church : many reflect conversion to Christianity of former pagan sites .
the site may offer important clues to the origin of the church : many [think/show] conversion to christianity of former pagan sites .

The price of petrol thus has to reflect the cost of a single-occupant trip by bus or rail , so that private motoring only becomes cheaper if the car has more than one occupant .
the price of petrol thus has to [think/show] the cost of a single-occupant trip by bus or rail , so that private motoring only becomes cheaper if the car has more than one occupant .

Cheap petrol at present does not reflect the true environmental costs of global warming and the effects on the health of everyone from the atmospheric pollutants discharged by road vehicles .
cheap petrol at present does not [think/show] the true environmental costs of global warming and the effects on the health of everyone from the atmospheric pollutants discharged by road vehicles .

Next time you are stuck in a traffic jam , you might reflect that if facilities were better , some of those motorists would be on bicycles .
next time you are stuck in a traffic jam , you might [think/show] that if facilities were better , some of those motorists would be on bicycles .

1993–94 will see further expansion of silver paste , automotive and flat glass enamel production and reflect a continuing awareness of environmental , technological , legal and social considerations in all our products .
1993–94 will see further expansion of silver paste , automotive and flat glass enamel production and [think/show] a continuing awareness of environmental , technological , legal and social considerations in all our products .

Surviving written texts thus reflect ( directly or indirectly ) the concerns of a much larger proportion of the population than we have evidence for in the period before the ninth century .
surviving written texts thus [think/show] ( directly or indirectly ) the concerns of a much larger proportion of the population than we have evidence for in the period before the ninth century .

But his choice of detail , and his treatment of practicalities seem to reflect experience .
but his choice of detail , and his treatment of practicalities seem to [think/show] experience .

They can give themselves time to reflect and to simplify .
they can give themselves time to [think/show] and to simplify .

What is the mid-point of the argument that some teachers do not want to reflect , others can never find the time for reflection and others feel it unnecessary ?
what is the mid-point of the argument that some teachers do not want to [think/show] , others can never find the time for reflection and others feel it unnecessary ?

Its concealed and overt sides reflect the balance of personal belief and professional judgement on the one hand and publicly assessed activities on the other .
its concealed and overt sides [think/show] the balance of personal belief and professional judgement on the one hand and publicly assessed activities on the other .

The experience of working with gifted teachers and heads in their early career , the sense that they have in some cases been given the benefit of working closely with other wise and successful teachers — particularly inside a religious order — the fact that they in some cases went away from teaching and , having had time to reflect in quite unrelated work , then saw that teaching was an obligation which they should meet — these are among the backgrounds which heads are prepared to reveal .
the experience of working with gifted teachers and heads in their early career , the sense that they have in some cases been given the benefit of working closely with other wise and successful teachers — particularly inside a religious order — the fact that they in some cases went away from teaching and , having had time to [think/show] in quite unrelated work , then saw that teaching was an obligation which they should meet — these are among the backgrounds which heads are prepared to reveal .

Although a beneficial financial interest in such assets remains with Scottish Enterprise as disclosed in note 1 to the accounts , they are shown in the company 's accounts in order to reflect assets under the company 's stewardship which will be developed in accordance with its business plan .
although a beneficial financial interest in such assets remains with scottish enterprise as disclosed in note 1 to the accounts , they are shown in the company 's accounts in order to [think/show] assets under the company 's stewardship which will be developed in accordance with its business plan .

This did not reflect a desire to be impartial , but recognition that Spain 's objective economic and military weakness precluded any other option at this stage .
this did not [think/show] a desire to be impartial , but recognition that spain 's objective economic and military weakness precluded any other option at this stage .

Students will be asked to reflect on the investigations and to identify the learning gained in relation to personal and social development .
students will be asked to [think/show] on the investigations and to identify the learning gained in relation to personal and social development .

4.2 Learning Outcomes have been amended to reflect the actual competences the student will have on successful completion of a module rather than reflecting knowledge acquired by the student .
4.2 learning outcomes have been amended to [think/show] the actual competences the student will have on successful completion of a module rather than reflecting knowledge acquired by the student .

Where changes to Learning Outcomes are more significant and do reflect changes of emphasis or rationale of the module descriptor , these are highlighted in paragraph 4.3 .
where changes to learning outcomes are more significant and do [think/show] changes of emphasis or rationale of the module descriptor , these are highlighted in paragraph 4.3 .

Where these are used , students may be allowed access to reference materials which should reflect closely those available in an employment situation .
where these are used , students may be allowed access to reference materials which should [think/show] closely those available in an employment situation .

The Preferred Entry Level as stated in the module descriptor is a guide to the previous achievement assumed by the module writers and Outcome statements reflect the competences acquired on successful completion of the module .
the preferred entry level as stated in the module descriptor is a guide to the previous achievement assumed by the module writers and outcome statements [think/show] the competences acquired on successful completion of the module .

reflect students ' interests ;
[think/show] students ' interests ;

Both documents shared the same basic principles : education should divide at eleven ; it should be free in both primary and secondary stages ; and that the secondary stage should reflect the variety of abilities and aptitudes of the adolescent in institutional form .
both documents shared the same basic principles : education should divide at eleven ; it should be free in both primary and secondary stages ; and that the secondary stage should [think/show] the variety of abilities and aptitudes of the adolescent in institutional form .

Automatic is used here to reflect the distinction commonly made between automatic and controlled processes ( e.g .
automatic is used here to [think/show] the distinction commonly made between automatic and controlled processes ( e.g .

It is possible for example that time-gap experiences simply reflect events which were so banal that they could not be distinguished from other memories for similar previous driving .
it is possible for example that time-gap experiences simply [think/show] events which were so banal that they could not be distinguished from other memories for similar previous driving .

Where the task has been to make judgments of affective tone or extract central information from a slide , differences have emerged between central and peripheral details and this may well reflect the fact that attention to arousing information or central information ( which are assumed to be the same thing ) is explicitly required for task performance .
where the task has been to make judgments of affective tone or extract central information from a slide , differences have emerged between central and peripheral details and this may well [think/show] the fact that attention to arousing information or central information ( which are assumed to be the same thing ) is explicitly required for task performance .

This was specified because such descriptions might reflect only recruitment of previous knowledge about the junction .
this was specified because such descriptions might [think/show] only recruitment of previous knowledge about the junction .

This may partly reflect the fact that many aspects of the situation ( road layout , signs , shops etc . )
this may partly [think/show] the fact that many aspects of the situation ( road layout , signs , shops etc . )

The fact that subjects used a range of numbers may of course only reflect the demands placed on them by the experiment .
the fact that subjects used a range of numbers may of course only [think/show] the demands placed on them by the experiment .

These exemplars were chosen to reflect a range of different traffic situations within each junction and were intended to be representative of the full set of 28 films of each junction available from the drives in Study 1 .
these exemplars were chosen to [think/show] a range of different traffic situations within each junction and were intended to be representative of the full set of 28 films of each junction available from the drives in study 1 .

This was a consistent finding in all the research reported in this thesis , it seems to reflect the fact that even simulated driving tasks are highly engaging and quite unlike the tasks psychologists usually ask their subjects to perform .
this was a consistent finding in all the research reported in this thesis , it seems to [think/show] the fact that even simulated driving tasks are highly engaging and quite unlike the tasks psychologists usually ask their subjects to perform .

The fact that the tasks as used in Study 3 turned out not to be completely unrelated to risk does not necessarily compromise this result , it may simply reflect the fact that thinking about risk is an extremely natural thing to do in this type of situation .
the fact that the tasks as used in study 3 turned out not to be completely unrelated to risk does not necessarily compromise this result , it may simply [think/show] the fact that thinking about risk is an extremely natural thing to do in this type of situation .

This may reflect a general expectation on the part of the subjects that an experiment concerned with risk would involve more obviously dangerous situations , thus they have left themselves ‘ headroom ’ on the response scale .
this may [think/show] a general expectation on the part of the subjects that an experiment concerned with risk would involve more obviously dangerous situations , thus they have left themselves ‘ headroom ’ on the response scale .

The high correlation between accident estimate and risk rating observed , r ( 46 ) =0.75 , p < 0.01 , may reflect the objective correlation that should exist between these measures or it may simply be that subjects were not completely successful in dissociating the two scales .
the high correlation between accident estimate and risk rating observed , r ( 46 ) =0.75 , p < 0.01 , may [think/show] the objective correlation that should exist between these measures or it may simply be that subjects were not completely successful in dissociating the two scales .

The medical and surgical complex is housed within six , two-storey wings which are linked by a network of attractive ‘ streets ’ designed to reflect the neighbouring residential location .
the medical and surgical complex is housed within six , two-storey wings which are linked by a network of attractive ‘ streets ’ designed to [think/show] the neighbouring residential location .

Group Services has had to reflect these changes resulting in a cutback on staff numbers with the loss of many valued colleagues .
group services has had to [think/show] these changes resulting in a cutback on staff numbers with the loss of many valued colleagues .

It is true that when the adjective is used in attributive position there is no syntactic or morphological difference to reflect the two possibilities .
it is true that when the adjective is used in attributive position there is no syntactic or morphological difference to [think/show] the two possibilities .

With the benefit of a later viewpoint , aided not least by the opportunity to reflect on Bolinger 's own work , we would suggest that , in most cases , other answers are more appropriate than the ones which he offered at that time ( nevertheless , we return to this article more than once in the chapters which follow ) .
with the benefit of a later viewpoint , aided not least by the opportunity to [think/show] on bolinger 's own work , we would suggest that , in most cases , other answers are more appropriate than the ones which he offered at that time ( nevertheless , we return to this article more than once in the chapters which follow ) .

There is of course no need to be unduly alarmed at these discrepancies ; we should reflect that any normal language presents numerous instances where certain recalcitrant items refuse to fit into a generally acceptable pattern ( e.g. for no very obvious reason the " expected " adverbs difficultly and longly are not accepted in English and have to be replaced by the phrases with difficulty and for a long time . )
there is of course no need to be unduly alarmed at these discrepancies ; we should [think/show] that any normal language presents numerous instances where certain recalcitrant items refuse to fit into a generally acceptable pattern ( e.g. for no very obvious reason the " expected " adverbs difficultly and longly are not accepted in english and have to be replaced by the phrases with difficulty and for a long time . )

It seems now to be less concerned with the publication of primary research results , and more involved with papers which reflect the interests of the membership , which includes undergraduates , teachers , and lay members .
it seems now to be less concerned with the publication of primary research results , and more involved with papers which [think/show] the interests of the membership , which includes undergraduates , teachers , and lay members .

The development of new sub-fields by division due to increased specialisation , and by the merging of fields to produce multi-disciplinary studies , has resulted in the publication of new journals which reflect the changes in the ways in which the science has developed .
the development of new sub-fields by division due to increased specialisation , and by the merging of fields to produce multi-disciplinary studies , has resulted in the publication of new journals which [think/show] the changes in the ways in which the science has developed .

Poisson distributions generally reflect the probability of rare events , but the distribution of thesis data more closely fitted a binomial distribution .
poisson distributions generally [think/show] the probability of rare events , but the distribution of thesis data more closely fitted a binomial distribution .

One of the problems with this measure is that because different journals may have different average numbers of references per paper , a count of citations may not reflect the impact of that paper .
one of the problems with this measure is that because different journals may have different average numbers of references per paper , a count of citations may not [think/show] the impact of that paper .

Large-scale maps can incorporate data obtained by dense sampling of small areas , whereas small-scale maps of offshore areas reflect the much lower sampling density possible is such areas .
large-scale maps can incorporate data obtained by dense sampling of small areas , whereas small-scale maps of offshore areas [think/show] the much lower sampling density possible is such areas .

Journals can and do change , and their contents may at one period reflect the leading edge , whilst in another they may become review journals , or more ephemeral in nature .
journals can and do change , and their contents may at one period [think/show] the leading edge , whilst in another they may become review journals , or more ephemeral in nature .

The numbers of science graduates leaving universities can be estimated , but this may not reflect the number of people going on to take up careers in science .
the numbers of science graduates leaving universities can be estimated , but this may not [think/show] the number of people going on to take up careers in science .

Meadows has stated that in the 19th century , local geological studies represented worthwhile research in their own right ; but in the 20th century , local studies have increasingly become acceptable to professionals only if they incorporate , and reflect on , the wider geological picture .
meadows has stated that in the 19th century , local geological studies represented worthwhile research in their own right ; but in the 20th century , local studies have increasingly become acceptable to professionals only if they incorporate , and [think/show] on , the wider geological picture .

Citations to actual theses generally reflect long periods of current influence , with some theses continuing to be cited up to twenty years after their deposit .
citations to actual theses generally [think/show] long periods of current influence , with some theses continuing to be cited up to twenty years after their deposit .

But , prior to any of the deployment of the inferential structure is the crucial issue of what properties , what variables to examine and how to reflect their character in measurement .
but , prior to any of the deployment of the inferential structure is the crucial issue of what properties , what variables to examine and how to [think/show] their character in measurement .

Accordingly , if it is possible to establish the necessary correspondence between these characteristics and the property of concern , then relationships between the numbers should reflect the relation between objects with respect to the property being measured .
accordingly , if it is possible to establish the necessary correspondence between these characteristics and the property of concern , then relationships between the numbers should [think/show] the relation between objects with respect to the property being measured .

Galtung suggests that the individualistic survey method may well yield results that reflect conditions prevailing in one type of society only , that is societies which rate highly both on individual mobility , geographic , horizontal as well as vertical mobility , and on inner- directedness .
galtung suggests that the individualistic survey method may well yield results that [think/show] conditions prevailing in one type of society only , that is societies which rate highly both on individual mobility , geographic , horizontal as well as vertical mobility , and on inner- directedness .

The new council tax would ( i ) be introduced from April 1993 ; ( ii ) reflect the capital value of a property occupied by two adults , with a 25 per cent discount for single people ; and ( iii ) be calculated from property values in seven bands .
the new council tax would ( i ) be introduced from april 1993 ; ( ii ) [think/show] the capital value of a property occupied by two adults , with a 25 per cent discount for single people ; and ( iii ) be calculated from property values in seven bands .

They argued that it would act as a mirror `` to reflect the desires , opinions and hardships of the Thai society `` so as to promote unity , ensure that the population 's grievances were heard , and prevent future crises from undermining the country and its institutions .
they argued that it would act as a mirror `` to [think/show] the desires , opinions and hardships of the thai society `` so as to promote unity , ensure that the population 's grievances were heard , and prevent future crises from undermining the country and its institutions .

This said that the Treaty should be discussed further , since it did not reflect the people 's wish , as expressed in the March referendum [ see pp .
this said that the treaty should be discussed further , since it did not [think/show] the people 's wish , as expressed in the march referendum [ see pp .

Mitsotakis 's sensitivity on the issue of his family 's political involvement was seen to reflect his desire to avoid charges of unethical conduct by his government , the issue which had effectively brought down his ( socialist ) predecessor Andreas Papandreou .
mitsotakis 's sensitivity on the issue of his family 's political involvement was seen to [think/show] his desire to avoid charges of unethical conduct by his government , the issue which had effectively brought down his ( socialist ) predecessor andreas papandreou .

In their final statement ministers " recognized " that changes in " fiscal and monetary policies which provide the basis for lower real interest rates … would need to reflect the situation in each country " .
in their final statement ministers " recognized " that changes in " fiscal and monetary policies which provide the basis for lower real interest rates … would need to [think/show] the situation in each country " .

Although the Supreme Court had ruled that amendments should be ratified within a reasonable period in order to reflect a contemporaneous consensus — the time limit most usually accepted was seven years — no such restriction had applied at the time when the amendment was first sent to the states for consideration .
although the supreme court had ruled that amendments should be ratified within a reasonable period in order to [think/show] a contemporaneous consensus — the time limit most usually accepted was seven years — no such restriction had applied at the time when the amendment was first sent to the states for consideration .

However , Geaga rejected one of the posts of Minister of State , charging that the new body did not truly reflect the views of the Christian community .
however , geaga rejected one of the posts of minister of state , charging that the new body did not truly [think/show] the views of the christian community .

While conceding that the simple plurality method did not accurately reflect the preference of the electorate ( at the 1990 election the National Party had won 69 per cent of the seats with 48 per cent of the vote ) , its advocates argued that , by producing decisive legislative majorities , it was a key factor in accomplishing stable government .
while conceding that the simple plurality method did not accurately [think/show] the preference of the electorate ( at the 1990 election the national party had won 69 per cent of the seats with 48 per cent of the vote ) , its advocates argued that , by producing decisive legislative majorities , it was a key factor in accomplishing stable government .

This was the third Cabinet change since September [ see pp. 37702-03 ] and was thought to reflect growing tensions within the government as it tried to cope with military setbacks in the current civil war , an economic crisis and mounting social unrest , especially in the capital Mogadishu [ see pp. 37767-68 ] .
this was the third cabinet change since september [ see pp. 37702-03 ] and was thought to [think/show] growing tensions within the government as it tried to cope with military setbacks in the current civil war , an economic crisis and mounting social unrest , especially in the capital mogadishu [ see pp. 37767-68 ] .

The role of the advisers was to `` facilitate mutual understanding `` between China and Hong Kong and to reflect the views of the people of Hong Kong .
the role of the advisers was to `` facilitate mutual understanding `` between china and hong kong and to [think/show] the views of the people of hong kong .

The announcement , however , did not reflect a substantial change in the attitude of President Banda who remained steadfastly opposed to multiparty politics .
the announcement , however , did not [think/show] a substantial change in the attitude of president banda who remained steadfastly opposed to multiparty politics .

Second , the services that GPs must provide under the contract have been made more specific to reflect the government 's view of `` good general practice `` .
second , the services that gps must provide under the contract have been made more specific to [think/show] the government 's view of `` good general practice `` .

Once consumers have to pay a price which reflects the real costs of providing health care , frivolous demand will be curbed and demand will be more likely to reflect perceived need ( although there is considerable suspicion about the concept of `` need `` in health care as distinct from demand ) .
once consumers have to pay a price which reflects the real costs of providing health care , frivolous demand will be curbed and demand will be more likely to [think/show] perceived need ( although there is considerable suspicion about the concept of `` need `` in health care as distinct from demand ) .

It must inevitably reflect the aims and objectives of the history syllabus and the age in which they operate .
it must inevitably [think/show] the aims and objectives of the history syllabus and the age in which they operate .

Film evidence can be extremely useful in investigating how the media both influence and reflect contemporary events and opinion .
film evidence can be extremely useful in investigating how the media both influence and [think/show] contemporary events and opinion .

It is clear , therefore , that the economic fortune of any one region will tend to reflect the distribution of economic activity within that region .
it is clear , therefore , that the economic fortune of any one region will tend to [think/show] the distribution of economic activity within that region .

All these types reflect their underlying structure and their origin is apparent in their shape .
all these types [think/show] their underlying structure and their origin is apparent in their shape .

The law is based on reasonableness , yet it may well not reflect public opinion .
the law is based on reasonableness , yet it may well not [think/show] public opinion .

mode of argument ( g ) : Exemplify theories , terms or approaches , or use a classificatory system to describe a text ( usually in order to reflect back on how suitable or effective the descriptive system is ) .
mode of argument ( g ) : exemplify theories , terms or approaches , or use a classificatory system to describe a text ( usually in order to [think/show] back on how suitable or effective the descriptive system is ) .

say that one is the 'best ' ) `` and `` It is possible for texts to reflect social attitudes `` .
say that one is the 'best ' ) `` and `` it is possible for texts to [think/show] social attitudes `` .

Perhaps it is not in the grammar books because the grammar books do not reflect how people actually use language .
perhaps it is not in the grammar books because the grammar books do not [think/show] how people actually use language .

The lounge should reflect the hotel 's style and attention to detail .
the lounge should [think/show] the hotel 's style and attention to detail .

It is important to prioritize and target areas which reflect on the key areas of the operation .
it is important to prioritize and target areas which [think/show] on the key areas of the operation .

So the alternation in lines 6 and 8 between is and φ , [ ] and [ ] and [ ] and < pb n=23 [ ] may reflect stylistic alternations within the Jamaican continuum , roughly between `` basilect `` and `` mesolect `` .
so the alternation in lines 6 and 8 between is and φ , [ ] and [ ] and [ ] and < pb n=23 [ ] may [think/show] stylistic alternations within the jamaican continuum , roughly between `` basilect `` and `` mesolect `` .

This may reflect the generally negative view of Creole in the West Indies , especially within the education system , coupled with the view that British English is necessary for children to `` get on `` in Britain in education and in life generally .
this may [think/show] the generally negative view of creole in the west indies , especially within the education system , coupled with the view that british english is necessary for children to `` get on `` in britain in education and in life generally .

Hence , if the introduction of the Agnus Dei penny was decided at Enham , or intended to reflect events there , it would look more like a continental peace meeting than ever ; and in this context , it is very unlikely to be coincidence that the name Enham apparently means `` the place where lambs are bred `` .
hence , if the introduction of the agnus dei penny was decided at enham , or intended to [think/show] events there , it would look more like a continental peace meeting than ever ; and in this context , it is very unlikely to be coincidence that the name enham apparently means `` the place where lambs are bred `` .

So when Wulfstan 's texts mention secular affairs it should be remembered that they may not fully reflect the decisions of the meeting which heard them preached , nor are they likely to reveal aspects of royal administration of which churchmen disapproved .
so when wulfstan 's texts mention secular affairs it should be remembered that they may not fully [think/show] the decisions of the meeting which heard them preached , nor are they likely to reveal aspects of royal administration of which churchmen disapproved .

That the similar material produced under Æthelred may reflect badly , rather than well , upon his administration is a conclusion that could be applied to Cnut too .
that the similar material produced under æthelred may [think/show] badly , rather than well , upon his administration is a conclusion that could be applied to cnut too .

Although both events are known from twelfth-century sources , they are likely to reflect genuine practice .
although both events are known from twelfth-century sources , they are likely to [think/show] genuine practice .

Just as Goscelin 's statement that Cnut was devoted to St Edith sits somewhat ill with a remarkable tale reported by William of Malmesbury , and may simply reflect what the Wilton nuns wanted people to believe , churchmen writing the histories of their own foundations tended to be prejudiced .
just as goscelin 's statement that cnut was devoted to st edith sits somewhat ill with a remarkable tale reported by william of malmesbury , and may simply [think/show] what the wilton nuns wanted people to believe , churchmen writing the histories of their own foundations tended to be prejudiced .

Thorkell 's expulsion belongs to the ambivalent relations between Cnut and some of his powerful Scandinavian followers discussed more fully in Chapter 5 , and may reflect considerable political difficulties , possibly linked to friction with some East Anglian and Fenland churches around this time .
thorkell 's expulsion belongs to the ambivalent relations between cnut and some of his powerful scandinavian followers discussed more fully in chapter 5 , and may [think/show] considerable political difficulties , possibly linked to friction with some east anglian and fenland churches around this time .

Such displays of humility are not only reminiscent of those of Robert the Pious in France , they may also reflect the teaching of Cnut 's own churchmen .
such displays of humility are not only reminiscent of those of robert the pious in france , they may also [think/show] the teaching of cnut 's own churchmen .

Even so , together with the problems at Ely , they may reflect a somewhat hostile attitude to Cnut in this area , perhaps exploited by Thorkell , its earl , who was banished in 1021 .
even so , together with the problems at ely , they may [think/show] a somewhat hostile attitude to cnut in this area , perhaps exploited by thorkell , its earl , who was banished in 1021 .

To what extent did this reflect contradictions in de Gaulle 's own thinking ?
to what extent did this [think/show] contradictions in de gaulle 's own thinking ?

To understand de Gaulle 's monarchy , one must begin with the man himself , since he believed so firmly that policy should reflect an individual will rather than an ideology or a process of political bargaining .
to understand de gaulle 's monarchy , one must begin with the man himself , since he believed so firmly that policy should [think/show] an individual will rather than an ideology or a process of political bargaining .

Her family is described as `` infirm `` , and this may explain why even with two of her daughters grown women in their twenties the family was able to earn little , although it may also reflect the fact that earning opportunities for women were so poor that even able-bodied spinsters could not wholly maintain themselves .
her family is described as `` infirm `` , and this may explain why even with two of her daughters grown women in their twenties the family was able to earn little , although it may also [think/show] the fact that earning opportunities for women were so poor that even able-bodied spinsters could not wholly maintain themselves .

Before the 1790s higher spending on poor relief , although it convinced many contemporaries that the incidence of poverty was increasing , probably did not , except in particularly bad years , reflect much other than the increase in population and in food prices .
before the 1790s higher spending on poor relief , although it convinced many contemporaries that the incidence of poverty was increasing , probably did not , except in particularly bad years , [think/show] much other than the increase in population and in food prices .

If we imagine the situation at the end of the Miller 's Tale in realistic terms , we can suppose that the divisions amongst the pilgrims in terms of their appreciation of the tale are as likely to reflect different sensibilities to the marked , fabliau language the Miller 's Tale makes use of as shock at the possible moral implications of the tale ( compare the response to the Prioress 's Tale , noted in Chapter 3 ) .
if we imagine the situation at the end of the miller 's tale in realistic terms , we can suppose that the divisions amongst the pilgrims in terms of their appreciation of the tale are as likely to [think/show] different sensibilities to the marked , fabliau language the miller 's tale makes use of as shock at the possible moral implications of the tale ( compare the response to the prioress 's tale , noted in chapter 3 ) .

That the miller 's knives substitute for his sexual potency rather than reflect it is indicated by the superiority of the clerk 's performance in bed with his wife to anything he has managed for a long time : He has fathered two children , but , like Bayard , his sexual energy is now exhausted .
that the miller 's knives substitute for his sexual potency rather than [think/show] it is indicated by the superiority of the clerk 's performance in bed with his wife to anything he has managed for a long time : he has fathered two children , but , like bayard , his sexual energy is now exhausted .

It is argued that it is the relative unit labour costs , which also reflect variations in the productivity of labour , which are more significant .
it is argued that it is the relative unit labour costs , which also [think/show] variations in the productivity of labour , which are more significant .

It is an exhibition designed to attract and reflect all aspects of health and leisure activities .
it is an exhibition designed to attract and [think/show] all aspects of health and leisure activities .

In considering these figures it must be noted is that while the completion rates recorded for SEs in the 25 degree courses in the 5 institutions studied may well reflect overall completion rates for all SEs in these institutions , there is no evidence on this point , and Johnes and Taylor ( 1989 ) report considerably higher completion rates for the two universities involved in their study of the 1980 entry cohort ( Bradford 84 % and Leeds 89.1 % ) .
in considering these figures it must be noted is that while the completion rates recorded for ses in the 25 degree courses in the 5 institutions studied may well [think/show] overall completion rates for all ses in these institutions , there is no evidence on this point , and johnes and taylor ( 1989 ) report considerably higher completion rates for the two universities involved in their study of the 1980 entry cohort ( bradford 84 % and leeds 89.1 % ) .

It is not altogether clear to what extent these figures reflect high non-completion rates , particularly in the first year , or whether they reflect continuing problems which some groups of students experience throughout their careers in higher education .
it is not altogether clear to what extent these figures [think/show] high non-completion rates , particularly in the first year , or whether they [think/show] continuing problems which some groups of students experience throughout their careers in higher education .

The river 's edge , where Virgil 's ghosts held out their arms in longing for the farther shore , and Dante , as a living man , was refused passage by the ferryman , the few planks that mark the meeting point of land and water , there , surely , is a place to stop and reflect , even if , as Father Watson did , you stumble over a ten-gallon tin of creosote .
the river 's edge , where virgil 's ghosts held out their arms in longing for the farther shore , and dante , as a living man , was refused passage by the ferryman , the few planks that mark the meeting point of land and water , there , surely , is a place to stop and [think/show] , even if , as father watson did , you stumble over a ten-gallon tin of creosote .

When he was left to himself his mind cleared , and he began to reflect .
when he was left to himself his mind cleared , and he began to [think/show] .

He could truly reflect that he had done not only the best , but the only thing possible .
he could truly [think/show] that he had done not only the best , but the only thing possible .

In the ensuing months , his letters , glowing with a convert 's fervour , faithfully reflect the tenets of Schopenhauerian philosophy : the illusoriness of empirical reality , with all its individual phenomena ; and the recognition , behind our illusory world of an ultimate reality that brings no joy , no good , no providence , no ordained meaning , no rational basis to life or to death .
in the ensuing months , his letters , glowing with a convert 's fervour , faithfully [think/show] the tenets of schopenhauerian philosophy : the illusoriness of empirical reality , with all its individual phenomena ; and the recognition , behind our illusory world of an ultimate reality that brings no joy , no good , no providence , no ordained meaning , no rational basis to life or to death .

The lyric poet ( in general ) is a composer first and foremost and , as such , a Dionysiac artist who surrenders his egoistic subjectivity to identify himself with the true metaphysical reality and reflect it in music .
the lyric poet ( in general ) is a composer first and foremost and , as such , a dionysiac artist who surrenders his egoistic subjectivity to identify himself with the true metaphysical reality and [think/show] it in music .

This report is based upon statistics concerning the losses and waste of reproduction , on figures that reflect great human tragedies .
this report is based upon statistics concerning the losses and waste of reproduction , on figures that [think/show] great human tragedies .

Also , the more moderate negative impact of teenage childbearing upon infant mortality in several countries , first of all in the Western Hemisphere region , where infant mortality in the maternal age group under 20 is lower than in the age group over 40 , may reflect , among other things ( such as later age at marriage and at first birth , higher educational and living standards , etc . )
also , the more moderate negative impact of teenage childbearing upon infant mortality in several countries , first of all in the western hemisphere region , where infant mortality in the maternal age group under 20 is lower than in the age group over 40 , may [think/show] , among other things ( such as later age at marriage and at first birth , higher educational and living standards , etc . )

Since it was possible to examine only a sample of such studies , what follows is aimed to reflect the fact of risk related fertility patterns rather than to give an accounting of the extent and paths of influence .
since it was possible to examine only a sample of such studies , what follows is aimed to [think/show] the fact of risk related fertility patterns rather than to give an accounting of the extent and paths of influence .

On the whole , however , the literature does not reflect as strong a research interest in the maternal age parameters of child morbidity as in the relationship of birth spacing , family size and birth order to child health .
on the whole , however , the literature does not [think/show] as strong a research interest in the maternal age parameters of child morbidity as in the relationship of birth spacing , family size and birth order to child health .

As regards abortion , this may reflect inclusion of induced pregnancy terminations in the data and the close relationship of this to non-biological factors compared to spontaneous abortions .
as regards abortion , this may [think/show] inclusion of induced pregnancy terminations in the data and the close relationship of this to non-biological factors compared to spontaneous abortions .

These trends reflect , in part , the changing role and importance of the family as an institution as well as the changing position of women .
these trends [think/show] , in part , the changing role and importance of the family as an institution as well as the changing position of women .

Information provided to the public about health aspects of reproduction should therefore reflect the relationship between patterns of fertility and maternal and child health .
information provided to the public about health aspects of reproduction should therefore [think/show] the relationship between patterns of fertility and maternal and child health .

2 The timing of the action should reflect the tense of the verb .
2 the timing of the action should [think/show] the tense of the verb .

( c ) They may change form because they reflect what is for the language being considered , a regularly observed semantic distinction .
( c ) they may change form because they [think/show] what is for the language being considered , a regularly observed semantic distinction .

the conversation selected should be useable in real cultural situations and should reflect topics of everyday conversation .
the conversation selected should be useable in real cultural situations and should [think/show] topics of everyday conversation .

The husband does not like the car because it does not reflect his status .
the husband does not like the car because it does not [think/show] his status .

The first lines of Tennyson 's poem reflect the neglect of the grange .
the first lines of tennyson 's poem [think/show] the neglect of the grange .

Both poems reflect the melancholy that Tennyson was feeling after the death of Hallam .
both poems [think/show] the melancholy that tennyson was feeling after the death of hallam .

It is my hope that those engaged professionally in the production of audio or video programmes in cassette or other forms , will reflect on the need for the Christian message to find expression , explicitly or implicitly , in the new culture created by modern communications ( cf .
it is my hope that those engaged professionally in the production of audio or video programmes in cassette or other forms , will [think/show] on the need for the christian message to find expression , explicitly or implicitly , in the new culture created by modern communications ( cf .

We bring them before you now as we reflect on our Mother , Mary , who suffered as other mothers suffer , a mother faced with hardship , a refugee , a woman of sorrows .
we bring them before you now as we [think/show] on our mother , mary , who suffered as other mothers suffer , a mother faced with hardship , a refugee , a woman of sorrows .

Above all , let us reflect on the dignity of Mary and on the dignity of all women .
above all , let us [think/show] on the dignity of mary and on the dignity of all women .

Pray and reflect on the issues : Organise a special liturgy in your church
pray and [think/show] on the issues : organise a special liturgy in your church

Young People Reflect
young people [think/show]

He said : ‘ We do not think that there should be any change in the law but there is a definite shift in the way it is interpreted and these guidelines reflect that movement towards a more compassionate interpretation of the law .
he said : ‘ we do not think that there should be any change in the law but there is a definite shift in the way it is interpreted and these guidelines [think/show] that movement towards a more compassionate interpretation of the law .

Of the 146 patients referred for endoscopic treatment of choledocholithiasis the overall success rate for clearing the common bile duct stones was 72.6% which is somewhat lower than other reported series but might reflect the selection of patients to a specialised centre .
of the 146 patients referred for endoscopic treatment of choledocholithiasis the overall success rate for clearing the common bile duct stones was 72.6% which is somewhat lower than other reported series but might [think/show] the selection of patients to a specialised centre .

The severalfold increase of the local release of myeloperoxidase in patients should reflect the increased neutrophil accumulation/activity in the inflamed colonic-rectal mucosa .
the severalfold increase of the local release of myeloperoxidase in patients should [think/show] the increased neutrophil accumulation/activity in the inflamed colonic-rectal mucosa .

Thus , the cytokinetic status of the epithelium could reflect a subject 's susceptibility to colorectal neoplasia .
thus , the cytokinetic status of the epithelium could [think/show] a subject 's susceptibility to colorectal neoplasia .

These results reflect accuracy , not only of bicarbonate concentration determination , but also of volume measurements including contaminating saliva and gastric fluid .
these results [think/show] accuracy , not only of bicarbonate concentration determination , but also of volume measurements including contaminating saliva and gastric fluid .

Because saliva contains relatively high concentrations of alkali , accounting for about 3% of bicarbonate within the oesophagus , it is important that amylase concentrations measured in oesophageal fluid accurately reflect salivary contamination .
because saliva contains relatively high concentrations of alkali , accounting for about 3% of bicarbonate within the oesophagus , it is important that amylase concentrations measured in oesophageal fluid accurately [think/show] salivary contamination .

The requirement for higher concentrations to disrupt pancreatic lysosomes may reflect the fact that , in an in vitro system , the period of incubation of isolated lysosomes with cholesteryl ester is necessarily limited ( 30 minutes in our study ) whereas in the previous in vivo study , lysosomes were exposed to increased levels of cholesteryl esters for a much longer period ( up to four weeks ) .
the requirement for higher concentrations to disrupt pancreatic lysosomes may [think/show] the fact that , in an in vitro system , the period of incubation of isolated lysosomes with cholesteryl ester is necessarily limited ( 30 minutes in our study ) whereas in the previous in vivo study , lysosomes were exposed to increased levels of cholesteryl esters for a much longer period ( up to four weeks ) .

In view of the raised leukotriene concentrations in rectal mucosa and rectal dialysates of patients with active inflammatory bowel disease — concentrations that also reflect the disease severity — treatment with selective 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors and with leukotriene receptor antagonists is a logical new therapeutic approach .
in view of the raised leukotriene concentrations in rectal mucosa and rectal dialysates of patients with active inflammatory bowel disease — concentrations that also [think/show] the disease severity — treatment with selective 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors and with leukotriene receptor antagonists is a logical new therapeutic approach .

The scan score correlated with all laboratory tests generally accepted to reflect active gut inflammation except for the erythrocyte sedimentation rate .
the scan score correlated with all laboratory tests generally accepted to [think/show] active gut inflammation except for the erythrocyte sedimentation rate .

As extracellular cyclic nucleotide concentrations could reflect changes in their intracellular metabolism , plasma and urine cyclic nucleotide values were also measured in 25 controls and in 55 patients studied at different stages of their disease .
as extracellular cyclic nucleotide concentrations could [think/show] changes in their intracellular metabolism , plasma and urine cyclic nucleotide values were also measured in 25 controls and in 55 patients studied at different stages of their disease .

Moreover , as extracellular cyclic nucleotide concentrations could reflect changes in their intracellular metabolism , plasma , and urine cyclic nucleotide values were also assessed in a large series of coeliac patients studied at different stages of their disease .
moreover , as extracellular cyclic nucleotide concentrations could [think/show] changes in their intracellular metabolism , plasma , and urine cyclic nucleotide values were also assessed in a large series of coeliac patients studied at different stages of their disease .

Therefore , it seems likely that in coeliac disease extracellular cyclic nucleotide concentrations may reflect the abnormally high cAMP and cGMP content of mucosa from the small intestine .
therefore , it seems likely that in coeliac disease extracellular cyclic nucleotide concentrations may [think/show] the abnormally high camp and cgmp content of mucosa from the small intestine .

On the other hand , inhibited reduction of nitroblue tetrazolium by colonic vascular endothelium and mononuclear cells under anaerobic conditions or with the addition of 1 mM para-benzoquinone may reflect the participation of reactive oxygen species in the reduction .
on the other hand , inhibited reduction of nitroblue tetrazolium by colonic vascular endothelium and mononuclear cells under anaerobic conditions or with the addition of 1 mm para-benzoquinone may [think/show] the participation of reactive oxygen species in the reduction .

Changes in intraluminal gall bladder pressure may reflect changes in the intrinsic tone of its musculoelastic wall or in the resistance of the sphincter of Oddi to bile flow .
changes in intraluminal gall bladder pressure may [think/show] changes in the intrinsic tone of its musculoelastic wall or in the resistance of the sphincter of oddi to bile flow .

Although controversial , it now seems likely that the striking ‘ in vitro ’ findings of reduced neutrophil mobilisation and altered function in patients with inflammatory bowel disease are not intrinsic to the cell but reflect neutrophil conditioning by different inflammatory milieu .
although controversial , it now seems likely that the striking ‘ in vitro ’ findings of reduced neutrophil mobilisation and altered function in patients with inflammatory bowel disease are not intrinsic to the cell but [think/show] neutrophil conditioning by different inflammatory milieu .

These findings almost certainly reflect an increased awareness of coeliac disease in recent years and the greater use of fibre optic endoscopes to obtain small intestinal biopsy specimens .
these findings almost certainly [think/show] an increased awareness of coeliac disease in recent years and the greater use of fibre optic endoscopes to obtain small intestinal biopsy specimens .

Refractory pouchitis : does it reflect underlying Crohn 's disease ?
refractory pouchitis : does it [think/show] underlying crohn 's disease ?

As in the vast majority of human biles the sn-1 fatty acid is palmitic acid and physiologic variations occur mainly in the sn-2 position , some of our data may reflect events in vivo .
as in the vast majority of human biles the sn-1 fatty acid is palmitic acid and physiologic variations occur mainly in the sn-2 position , some of our data may [think/show] events in vivo .

These studies of whole body protein metabolism , however , simply reflect an average of events occurring in all individual tissues .
these studies of whole body protein metabolism , however , simply [think/show] an average of events occurring in all individual tissues .

The sharp rise in the number of specific antibody secreting cells against gliadin may hence reflect increased antigenic load caused by the immune-mediated lesion in the gut mucosa .
the sharp rise in the number of specific antibody secreting cells against gliadin may hence [think/show] increased antigenic load caused by the immune-mediated lesion in the gut mucosa .

As little is known about the distribution of bile acids between the water or solid fractions of faeces and their possible cellular effects , the observed differences in faecal bile acids may not totally reflect their significance .
as little is known about the distribution of bile acids between the water or solid fractions of faeces and their possible cellular effects , the observed differences in faecal bile acids may not totally [think/show] their significance .

Our results contrast with recent reports which found few γ-interferon secreting cells in normal human intestinal mucosa , but this absence could reflect the effects of isolating mucosal lymphocytes .
our results contrast with recent reports which found few γ-interferon secreting cells in normal human intestinal mucosa , but this absence could [think/show] the effects of isolating mucosal lymphocytes .

Because no significant difference was observed between colonic platelet activating factor content from the left or right sides of the colon and was unrelated to the extent of disease , biopsies from sigmoid may reflect the levels of platelet activating factor in the whole intestine .
because no significant difference was observed between colonic platelet activating factor content from the left or right sides of the colon and was unrelated to the extent of disease , biopsies from sigmoid may [think/show] the levels of platelet activating factor in the whole intestine .

Emptying of radioopaque markers does not reflect gastric emptying of food components , as it is known that indigestible particles larger than 1.5 mm are emptied from the stomach during the interdigestive period .
emptying of radioopaque markers does not [think/show] gastric emptying of food components , as it is known that indigestible particles larger than 1.5 mm are emptied from the stomach during the interdigestive period .

The terms Riedel 's thyroiditis , sclerosing cholangitis , retroperitoneal fibrosis , mediastinal fibrosis , and pseudotumour of the orbit reflect the multiple areas affected .
the terms riedel 's thyroiditis , sclerosing cholangitis , retroperitoneal fibrosis , mediastinal fibrosis , and pseudotumour of the orbit [think/show] the multiple areas affected .

The dissimilar IgG subclass distribution between ulcerative colitis and Crohn 's disease might reflect different antigenic or mitogenic exposures in the gut .
the dissimilar igg subclass distribution between ulcerative colitis and crohn 's disease might [think/show] different antigenic or mitogenic exposures in the gut .

The similarity in IgG subclass proportions between healthy and affected ulcerative colitis twins might also reflect stimulation by a particular antigen ( s ) .
the similarity in igg subclass proportions between healthy and affected ulcerative colitis twins might also [think/show] stimulation by a particular antigen ( s ) .

This is thought to reflect a selection bias .
this is thought to [think/show] a selection bias .

Furthermore , the higher concentrations used in this study reflect total bile salt concentrations in human colon .
furthermore , the higher concentrations used in this study [think/show] total bile salt concentrations in human colon .

Serum concentrations of the bile acid intermediate 7α-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one reflect the rate of bile acid synthesis whereas bile acid malabsorption can be determined by the SeHCAT test .
serum concentrations of the bile acid intermediate 7α-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one [think/show] the rate of bile acid synthesis whereas bile acid malabsorption can be determined by the sehcat test .

Recent studies have shown that plasma concentrations of 7α-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one reflect the cholesterol 7α-hydroxylase activity and bile acid production in the human liver .
recent studies have shown that plasma concentrations of 7α-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one [think/show] the cholesterol 7α-hydroxylase activity and bile acid production in the human liver .

Sound financial management which increases the cash payout when the firm has no adequate investment opportunities ; this may reflect an expectation of worsening economic performance in the near or distant future .
sound financial management which increases the cash payout when the firm has no adequate investment opportunities ; this may [think/show] an expectation of worsening economic performance in the near or distant future .

should withhold personal judgment but aim to reflect the views and judgment of others on policy and classroom activity ;
should withhold personal judgment but aim to [think/show] the views and judgment of others on policy and classroom activity ;

to enable the teacher to reflect on her classroom practice ;
to enable the teacher to [think/show] on her classroom practice ;

to enable pupils to reflect on their learning .
to enable pupils to [think/show] on their learning .

Director of Studies : ‘ There 's no way your pupils reflect this sort of effort . ’
director of studies : ‘ there 's no way your pupils [think/show] this sort of effort . ’

How much the cost estimates are padded or pared and how much profit is built in will reflect the company trading position as much as its technical ability .
how much the cost estimates are padded or pared and how much profit is built in will [think/show] the company trading position as much as its technical ability .

Pope John Paul 's outspoken words on behalf of a church which he deems to have been ‘ driven into the catacombs ’ reflect a worried assessment by the Secretariat of State , the Vatican 's Foreign Office , that Mr Gorbachev 's authority may come under increasing threat and that the Church should therefore exploit Soviet liberalisation for all it is worth .
pope john paul 's outspoken words on behalf of a church which he deems to have been ‘ driven into the catacombs ’ [think/show] a worried assessment by the secretariat of state , the vatican 's foreign office , that mr gorbachev 's authority may come under increasing threat and that the church should therefore exploit soviet liberalisation for all it is worth .

Rank-and-file party representatives , when they debate the economy in Blackpool next Thursday , are bound to reflect the strong reaction of high-level mortgage holders in the Conservative heartlands of the South .
rank-and-file party representatives , when they debate the economy in blackpool next thursday , are bound to [think/show] the strong reaction of high-level mortgage holders in the conservative heartlands of the south .

It is no accident that these three processes combine to produce buildings that reflect the values of those involved .
it is no accident that these three processes combine to produce buildings that [think/show] the values of those involved .

Thus anatomy may reflect the fact that there are only a few ways in which some engineering problem can be solved .
thus anatomy may [think/show] the fact that there are only a few ways in which some engineering problem can be solved .

And underneath the lofty claims that they were fulfilling the will of God and freeing the kingdom from oppression and tyranny , and the open attacks on the regent 's actions , there were still hints of the desire to come to terms , which reflect their awareness of how shaky the basis of their self-defence was .
and underneath the lofty claims that they were fulfilling the will of god and freeing the kingdom from oppression and tyranny , and the open attacks on the regent 's actions , there were still hints of the desire to come to terms , which [think/show] their awareness of how shaky the basis of their self-defence was .

Do we want or can we afford to alienate our British friends ? Do the mindless individuals who use unspeakable language in the streets and hurl vile insults at Her Majesty 's representatives and other dignatories ever pause to reflect that our standard of living , our Welfare State services … our economic health all depend on our links with Great Britain ?
do we want or can we afford to alienate our british friends ? do the mindless individuals who use unspeakable language in the streets and hurl vile insults at her majesty 's representatives and other dignatories ever pause to [think/show] that our standard of living , our welfare state services … our economic health all depend on our links with great britain ?

When you can , your campaigning will reflect it .
when you can , your campaigning will [think/show] it .

Much of the church 's teaching is based on a concept that implies the need to live ‘ holy ’ lives in this world , without expecting reward or recognition for it but anticipating that the afterlife will reflect something of the quality of this earthly life .
much of the church 's teaching is based on a concept that implies the need to live ‘ holy ’ lives in this world , without expecting reward or recognition for it but anticipating that the afterlife will [think/show] something of the quality of this earthly life .

As any person gets older they naturally reflect on what the life after this one will be like and how to prepare for it .
as any person gets older they naturally [think/show] on what the life after this one will be like and how to prepare for it .

Some say this is in fact useful because it keeps people busy at a time when , as we have seen , it is probably too painful to have time on your hands to sit and reflect .
some say this is in fact useful because it keeps people busy at a time when , as we have seen , it is probably too painful to have time on your hands to sit and [think/show] .

But the public image of Hitler at this time did not reflect the pre-eminence of the ‘ Jewish Question ’ in his own thinking .
but the public image of hitler at this time did not [think/show] the pre-eminence of the ‘ jewish question ’ in his own thinking .

In the build up to her first ever world tour , the now seasoned campaigner decided it was time to kill the cutesy girl-next-door and reflect the reality of what had happened to her over the previous two years .
in the build up to her first ever world tour , the now seasoned campaigner decided it was time to kill the cutesy girl-next-door and [think/show] the reality of what had happened to her over the previous two years .

The iconography of a state 's coinage viewed over a period of time can reveal a certain amount of information about the aspirations of that state , since the choice of designs will normally reflect the matters considered important by at least an influential body in that state and will present these important matters in a particular way .
the iconography of a state 's coinage viewed over a period of time can reveal a certain amount of information about the aspirations of that state , since the choice of designs will normally [think/show] the matters considered important by at least an influential body in that state and will present these important matters in a particular way .

The deposition of Roman Republican hoards in Italy does not reflect periods of warfare in that country ( fig .
the deposition of roman republican hoards in italy does not [think/show] periods of warfare in that country ( fig .

Some of these coincide with warfare in Italy ; others reflect periods of overseas wars , as a result of which soldiers who had been recruited in Italy were unable to return and recover their money .
some of these coincide with warfare in italy ; others [think/show] periods of overseas wars , as a result of which soldiers who had been recruited in italy were unable to return and recover their money .

The distribution of hoards might also be expected to reflect patterns of warfare and of wealth .
the distribution of hoards might also be expected to [think/show] patterns of warfare and of wealth .

The distribution of hoards which were deposited in the Civil War does not closely reflect areas of fighting , nor does it correspond with regional variations in the density of population or wealth .
the distribution of hoards which were deposited in the civil war does not closely [think/show] areas of fighting , nor does it correspond with regional variations in the density of population or wealth .

‘ savings ’ or ‘ currency ’ ) ; if the particular circumstances of a hoard 's history affect the composition of two hoards with the same deposition dates , it is impossible for the composition of both to reflect mint output .
‘ savings ’ or ‘ currency ’ ) ; if the particular circumstances of a hoard 's history affect the composition of two hoards with the same deposition dates , it is impossible for the composition of both to [think/show] mint output .

Although they usually no more than reflect back ideas which are already common currency , they get immediate attention because they are delivered by royalty .
although they usually no more than [think/show] back ideas which are already common currency , they get immediate attention because they are delivered by royalty .

One honour , the Order of Merit , restricted to a couple of dozen members , is designed to reflect intellectual eminence , and is in the personal gift of the Queen .
one honour , the order of merit , restricted to a couple of dozen members , is designed to [think/show] intellectual eminence , and is in the personal gift of the queen .

Twenty years later , after including a pledge to abolish the Lords in the 1983 manifesto and dropping it from the 1987 manifesto , the Labour party again committed itself to reform of the Lords : now they planned to replace it with an elected chamber designed more to reflect the diversity of the nation and the regions , but with less legislative power .
twenty years later , after including a pledge to abolish the lords in the 1983 manifesto and dropping it from the 1987 manifesto , the labour party again committed itself to reform of the lords : now they planned to replace it with an elected chamber designed more to [think/show] the diversity of the nation and the regions , but with less legislative power .

The twice yearly honours lists are the ones which attract most attention , but there is another raft of honours in the gift of Downing Street , some of which reflect professional excellence and others which confer real power and influence : jobs .
the twice yearly honours lists are the ones which attract most attention , but there is another raft of honours in the gift of downing street , some of which [think/show] professional excellence and others which confer real power and influence : jobs .

Admittedly , Huaiwiri was a peaceful place , which may reflect the exceptional power of women there .
admittedly , huaiwiri was a peaceful place , which may [think/show] the exceptional power of women there .

Senior front-benchers called for the party to reflect and rebuild , rather than offer ‘ instant wisdom ’ on the reasons it lost .
senior front-benchers called for the party to [think/show] and rebuild , rather than offer ‘ instant wisdom ’ on the reasons it lost .

The new men and women all reflect the brisk style which characterises the approach of John Major .
the new men and women all [think/show] the brisk style which characterises the approach of john major .

Comments which reflect their own opinions , however , will frequently appear to be such obvious common sense that their rightful place is clearly in the Neutral column , not the Favourable To Us one .
comments which [think/show] their own opinions , however , will frequently appear to be such obvious common sense that their rightful place is clearly in the neutral column , not the favourable to us one .

His Cabinet changes reflect his desire to reassure the Right while demonstrating his commitment to a more ‘ caring ’ form of Conservatism .
his cabinet changes [think/show] his desire to reassure the right while demonstrating his commitment to a more ‘ caring ’ form of conservatism .

No Defence Secretary in recent years has been able to grip his department effectively , which means taking harsh decisions that reflect a coherent view of Britain 's priorities .
no defence secretary in recent years has been able to grip his department effectively , which means taking harsh decisions that [think/show] a coherent view of britain 's priorities .

The piled fibres absorb and reflect the light , alternating deep and pale hues and giving the cloth its unique lustre .
the piled fibres absorb and [think/show] the light , alternating deep and pale hues and giving the cloth its unique lustre .

As we straighten our tie and suck on a Cloret , we reflect gloomily that the Mail on Sunday categorized Denice 's former dates as ‘ rich , famous and suntanned ’ and we try to hope that perhaps she feels like a change .
as we straighten our tie and suck on a cloret , we [think/show] gloomily that the mail on sunday categorized denice 's former dates as ‘ rich , famous and suntanned ’ and we try to hope that perhaps she feels like a change .

’ What the labels fail to reflect are studies showing the same link with fathers who smoke .
’ what the labels fail to [think/show] are studies showing the same link with fathers who smoke .

The price you pay for your lawnmower does not reflect the cost to your neighbours of the noise it makes when you use it .
the price you pay for your lawnmower does not [think/show] the cost to your neighbours of the noise it makes when you use it .

The price people and firms pay for their carbon fuels does not reflect the cost to everybody else of filling the atmosphere with greenhouse gases .
the price people and firms pay for their carbon fuels does not [think/show] the cost to everybody else of filling the atmosphere with greenhouse gases .

The price of the product will reflect the process used , water processing producing a better quality , purer coffee at a higher price .
the price of the product will [think/show] the process used , water processing producing a better quality , purer coffee at a higher price .

They reflect different types of prayer : praising , thanking , accusing , talking , asking .
they [think/show] different types of prayer : praising , thanking , accusing , talking , asking .

If it is true that humankind is fallen , that we are separated from the presence of God by our failure and helplessness and are in need of God 's forgiveness , Abelard 's views do not reflect sufficiently well the seriousness of our predicament .
if it is true that humankind is fallen , that we are separated from the presence of god by our failure and helplessness and are in need of god 's forgiveness , abelard 's views do not [think/show] sufficiently well the seriousness of our predicament .

England were left to reflect on one of the game 's oldest sayings , the one about catches winning matches .
england were left to [think/show] on one of the game 's oldest sayings , the one about catches winning matches .

Any visitor to Poland immediately sees what the figures fail to reflect .
any visitor to poland immediately sees what the figures fail to [think/show] .

So far , this war is more popular than were those in Korea , Suez or the Falklands at the outset — though that may simply reflect the fact that casualties have so far been so light .
so far , this war is more popular than were those in korea , suez or the falklands at the outset — though that may simply [think/show] the fact that casualties have so far been so light .

Names on open years would , on payment of a premium meant to reflect commercial conditions , be granted unlimited cover for future liabilities .
names on open years would , on payment of a premium meant to [think/show] commercial conditions , be granted unlimited cover for future liabilities .

Because metal , wood and stone reflect radar waves differently , Lacrosse may also be able to spot the difference between real targets and elaborate mock-ups .
because metal , wood and stone [think/show] radar waves differently , lacrosse may also be able to spot the difference between real targets and elaborate mock-ups .

But dividing up the existing budget to reflect new priorities meant giving more in some areas and less in others .
but dividing up the existing budget to [think/show] new priorities meant giving more in some areas and less in others .

Some of the exhibits at the camp , particularly the small national exhibits designed by former communist countries , tend to reflect this view , emphasising communist resistance movements to Hitler , for example , over others .
some of the exhibits at the camp , particularly the small national exhibits designed by former communist countries , tend to [think/show] this view , emphasising communist resistance movements to hitler , for example , over others .

Joseph Feshbach , whose Southgate Partners manages $ 900m in short positions , feels that the price of bank shares does not yet reflect the decline in property values .
joseph feshbach , whose southgate partners manages $ 900m in short positions , feels that the price of bank shares does not yet [think/show] the decline in property values .

If the economy is weaker than it now appears — because , as some economists suggest , the government 's data have been inflated by unseasonably warm weather in January and February — then shares could fall sharply to reflect continued declines in company earnings .
if the economy is weaker than it now appears — because , as some economists suggest , the government 's data have been inflated by unseasonably warm weather in january and february — then shares could fall sharply to [think/show] continued declines in company earnings .

America is changing , and some laws and policies will have to become sterner to reflect the changes .
america is changing , and some laws and policies will have to become sterner to [think/show] the changes .

Pay in 1990 will reflect the firm 's profits in 1989 , rather than its current losses .
pay in 1990 will [think/show] the firm 's profits in 1989 , rather than its current losses .

Directors reply that their pay needs to reflect global norms .
directors reply that their pay needs to [think/show] global norms .

To reflect the true cost of pollution and congestion in California , Mr Cameron estimates that petrol taxes would have to be raised from today 's 28 cents per gallon to $ 3.25 .
to [think/show] the true cost of pollution and congestion in california , mr cameron estimates that petrol taxes would have to be raised from today 's 28 cents per gallon to $ 3.25 .

Since rocks of different composition absorb and reflect light differently , astronomers can usefully classify the asteroids into 16 groups on the basis ( more or less ) of their colours .
since rocks of different composition absorb and [think/show] light differently , astronomers can usefully classify the asteroids into 16 groups on the basis ( more or less ) of their colours .

Yields in the Swiss capital market for Japanese firms ' bonds are already beginning to reflect the range of issuers ' credit ratings .
yields in the swiss capital market for japanese firms ' bonds are already beginning to [think/show] the range of issuers ' credit ratings .

In a market in which mergers and takeovers are possible , they will take place in one form or another : which form is adopted will reflect the circumstances of the day .
in a market in which mergers and takeovers are possible , they will take place in one form or another : which form is adopted will [think/show] the circumstances of the day .

These changes are not just a matter of following technological devlopments , but reflect the way businesses are changing .
these changes are not just a matter of following technological devlopments , but [think/show] the way businesses are changing .

More to the point , you fail to mention the fact that the Government has offered talks on a pay structure which would ensure that those ambulance workers with a high skill level , who tend to be those who deal with the worst accidents , are paid more to reflect their training .
more to the point , you fail to mention the fact that the government has offered talks on a pay structure which would ensure that those ambulance workers with a high skill level , who tend to be those who deal with the worst accidents , are paid more to [think/show] their training .

His lack of taste and the pictorial journalese of his style as a painter merely reflect the galloping decline of the traditional crafts during the Queen 's reign .
his lack of taste and the pictorial journalese of his style as a painter merely [think/show] the galloping decline of the traditional crafts during the queen 's reign .

The school is already oversubscribed , despite fees of 1.2 million yen ( £5,100 ) a year , and appears to reflect the increasing interest in Japan for the various education systems developed in Britain .
the school is already oversubscribed , despite fees of 1.2 million yen ( £5,100 ) a year , and appears to [think/show] the increasing interest in japan for the various education systems developed in britain .

Indeed , as the country 's stalwart burghers give lusty tongue to the national anthem , Apres des siecles d'esclavage — ‘ After centuries of slavery ’ — there might be some cynics who would be tempted to reflect that under the present system they are not an awful lot better off .
indeed , as the country 's stalwart burghers give lusty tongue to the national anthem , apres des siecles d'esclavage — ‘ after centuries of slavery ’ — there might be some cynics who would be tempted to [think/show] that under the present system they are not an awful lot better off .

The bags under their eyes reflect the wild mood swings that have afflicted the party since the first week .
the bags under their eyes [think/show] the wild mood swings that have afflicted the party since the first week .

This is said to reflect a touch of panic among certain high-yielding income fund managers , pole-axed by the likes of Royal Insurance and Lonrho chopping pay-outs .
this is said to [think/show] a touch of panic among certain high-yielding income fund managers , pole-axed by the likes of royal insurance and lonrho chopping pay-outs .

While this does not entirely reflect consumption — because wine sellers often stock up — it nevertheless provides a rough indication of trade demand .
while this does not entirely [think/show] consumption — because wine sellers often stock up — it nevertheless provides a rough indication of trade demand .

The classification of the natural world is supposed to reflect the great ordering process that itself gave rise to the variety and diversity of animals and plants that are alive today : the process of evolution .
the classification of the natural world is supposed to [think/show] the great ordering process that itself gave rise to the variety and diversity of animals and plants that are alive today : the process of evolution .

The drawing below shows that bivalves and brachiopods really differ in fundamental symmetry , and the differences in the shell reflect even more profound ones in the internal , soft anatomy .
the drawing below shows that bivalves and brachiopods really differ in fundamental symmetry , and the differences in the shell [think/show] even more profound ones in the internal , soft anatomy .

Fossil cephalopods belonging to one species are often found together in large numbers and this may reflect similar gregarious habits , but there are other possible explanations — for example , concentrations of fossil shells may have been sorted by currents .
fossil cephalopods belonging to one species are often found together in large numbers and this may [think/show] similar gregarious habits , but there are other possible explanations — for example , concentrations of fossil shells may have been sorted by currents .

Even fish remains are rather local , and do not adequately reflect the abundance of a group that has occupied the seas for more than 400 million years .
even fish remains are rather local , and do not adequately [think/show] the abundance of a group that has occupied the seas for more than 400 million years .

Considering their abundance in the oceans and rivers today , bony fish fossils are rather rare , and poorly reflect their true importance .
considering their abundance in the oceans and rivers today , bony fish fossils are rather rare , and poorly [think/show] their true importance .

British ozone concentrations reflect traffic , industry ( the source of NOx and hydrocarbons ) and ozone clouds imported from the continent .
british ozone concentrations [think/show] traffic , industry ( the source of nox and hydrocarbons ) and ozone clouds imported from the continent .

Parliamentary discussions are not meant to reveal a general will which already exists and then to enshrine it in law , but instead to reflect the conflicts within society and to constitute opinion and judgement as a result of proposal and counterproposal , on information and the asking of questions .
parliamentary discussions are not meant to reveal a general will which already exists and then to enshrine it in law , but instead to [think/show] the conflicts within society and to constitute opinion and judgement as a result of proposal and counterproposal , on information and the asking of questions .

Then you can relax over a cocktail on the verandah as the sun sinks low , and reflect on a day well spent .
then you can relax over a cocktail on the verandah as the sun sinks low , and [think/show] on a day well spent .

The hotel is owned by Vingresor , the Swedish tour company who are part of Scandinavian Airlines , and the internationally high standards reflect it .
the hotel is owned by vingresor , the swedish tour company who are part of scandinavian airlines , and the internationally high standards [think/show] it .

Your holiday prices in the low season do reflect this and we feel sure that you will not be prevented from enjoying your holiday .
your holiday prices in the low season do [think/show] this and we feel sure that you will not be prevented from enjoying your holiday .

Both hotels are built in the traditional ‘ sugar cubes ’ style , whitewashed to reflect the glare of the sun .
both hotels are built in the traditional ‘ sugar cubes ’ style , whitewashed to [think/show] the glare of the sun .

It is also necessary to reflect upon at least one other dimension to the situation .
it is also necessary to [think/show] upon at least one other dimension to the situation .

Education does reflect social , economic and political needs or pressures , but in doing so it also subtly refracts the image and modifies the pressures — the balance within the relationship is not constant .
education does [think/show] social , economic and political needs or pressures , but in doing so it also subtly refracts the image and modifies the pressures — the balance within the relationship is not constant .

To take examples from either side of the Atlantic , both Tom Peters ( 1988 ) and Charles Handy ( 1989 ) are beginning to suggest very different approaches to management , and interestingly they are approaches which reflect far more accurately the needs for collegiate management in schools .
to take examples from either side of the atlantic , both tom peters ( 1988 ) and charles handy ( 1989 ) are beginning to suggest very different approaches to management , and interestingly they are approaches which [think/show] far more accurately the needs for collegiate management in schools .

Do current practices reflect a real distinction between administrative and managerial activities ?
do current practices [think/show] a real distinction between administrative and managerial activities ?

The reader may like to reflect on his/her own planning approach and assess its validity by comparing it with the following checklist of factors which facilitate effective planning .
the reader may like to [think/show] on his/her own planning approach and assess its validity by comparing it with the following checklist of factors which facilitate effective planning .

In essence , after assessing the alternative expenditure options , spending patterns should reflect rational choices in order to maximise the achievement of the organisation 's objectives .
in essence , after assessing the alternative expenditure options , spending patterns should [think/show] rational choices in order to maximise the achievement of the organisation 's objectives .

However , the weightings adopted may reflect individual bargaining power as well as the more rational assessment of need .
however , the weightings adopted may [think/show] individual bargaining power as well as the more rational assessment of need .

Is there clear line management ? Is it the right of individuals to know for what they are responsible and for whom and to whom they are accountable ? Does the linear structure of schools reflect the reality of working relationships ?
is there clear line management ? is it the right of individuals to know for what they are responsible and for whom and to whom they are accountable ? does the linear structure of schools [think/show] the reality of working relationships ?

The practical components of such a response are discussed below but one perspective is crucial with regard to organisational structure ; it should reflect the integrity of relationships and be a vehicle for effective management .
the practical components of such a response are discussed below but one perspective is crucial with regard to organisational structure ; it should [think/show] the integrity of relationships and be a vehicle for effective management .

Pollen preserved in such sediments provides a record of the local and regional flora and vegetation , whereas macrofossils reflect more local conditions .
pollen preserved in such sediments provides a record of the local and regional flora and vegetation , whereas macrofossils [think/show] more local conditions .

These agreements will set local targets which reflect local priorities , for instance , to cut waiting lists or switch mental health services into the community .
these agreements will set local targets which [think/show] local priorities , for instance , to cut waiting lists or switch mental health services into the community .

Local planning must reflect what people , not developers , want .
local planning must [think/show] what people , not developers , want .

We will establish , in the lifetime of a full Parliament , an elected Welsh Assembly in Cardiff with powers and functions which reflect the existing administrative structure .
we will establish , in the lifetime of a full parliament , an elected welsh assembly in cardiff with powers and functions which [think/show] the existing administrative structure .

Some weeks later , after the fall of Tunis and the Axis surrender in French North Africa , when he had time to reflect on his past and present condition , he began to write more regularly . The letter-writing was beginning to lose its inhibition :
some weeks later , after the fall of tunis and the axis surrender in french north africa , when he had time to [think/show] on his past and present condition , he began to write more regularly . the letter-writing was beginning to lose its inhibition :

three days ' leave , and a chance for the first time in many months to reflect on life .
three days ' leave , and a chance for the first time in many months to [think/show] on life .

In the waters of the monsoon pools of East Africa it is as if man sees a baboon in the mirror , for the development of baboon societies in the very regions in which human social life must have also evolved seems to reflect in extraordinarily detailed ways the emergence of features otherwise unique to human life .
in the waters of the monsoon pools of east africa it is as if man sees a baboon in the mirror , for the development of baboon societies in the very regions in which human social life must have also evolved seems to [think/show] in extraordinarily detailed ways the emergence of features otherwise unique to human life .

These presentings and mountings , although sexual expressions , are not overt sexual acts but rather reflect the relative dominance and submission of the two .
these presentings and mountings , although sexual expressions , are not overt sexual acts but rather [think/show] the relative dominance and submission of the two .

But if we turn now to look at dramatic playing we see that that particular mode does indeed reflect the private/public tension in all respects .
but if we turn now to look at dramatic playing we see that that particular mode does indeed [think/show] the private/public tension in all respects .

Increasingly , funding will reflect the quality of the research output so that the best centres can truly be world leaders .
increasingly , funding will [think/show] the quality of the research output so that the best centres can truly be world leaders .

Employer-led TECs and LECs are delivering Government-funded training programmes which reflect industry 's understanding of local needs .
employer-led tecs and lecs are delivering government-funded training programmes which [think/show] industry 's understanding of local needs .

We believe that the maximum sentence for such a crime should reflect its gravity .
we believe that the maximum sentence for such a crime should [think/show] its gravity .

For the first time ever performance targets will be set , widely published and rigorously monitored ; fare levels will reflect the standards set ; and discounts will be paid to regulate travellers where performance targets are not met .
for the first time ever performance targets will be set , widely published and rigorously monitored ; fare levels will [think/show] the standards set ; and discounts will be paid to regulate travellers where performance targets are not met .

It will be fair and will rightly reflect both the value of the property and the number of adults who live in it .
it will be fair and will rightly [think/show] both the value of the property and the number of adults who live in it .

The needs of a successful industry , landscape conservation , and public access must all be accommodated ; and we will reorganise the Forestry Commission to reflect these objectives more effectively .
the needs of a successful industry , landscape conservation , and public access must all be accommodated ; and we will reorganise the forestry commission to [think/show] these objectives more effectively .

Those principles reflect our conviction that Britain has done best when the people of Britain have been given the personal incentive to succeed .
those principles [think/show] our conviction that britain has done best when the people of britain have been given the personal incentive to succeed .

Mitchell 's parable is specifically designed to reflect upon the problem of God 's love in the face of evil , rather than of God 's existence .
mitchell 's parable is specifically designed to [think/show] upon the problem of god 's love in the face of evil , rather than of god 's existence .

The different characteristics of the Deity are then shown to reflect one or other of these ways .
the different characteristics of the deity are then shown to [think/show] one or other of these ways .

They would say that by existing things reflect the presence in them of that which transcends them .
they would say that by existing things [think/show] the presence in them of that which transcends them .

In every aspect of our operation we aim to reflect the Society 's principles of quality service and customer care .
in every aspect of our operation we aim to [think/show] the society 's principles of quality service and customer care .

It is proposed that authority is also given to the Directors to establish further share schemes for overseas employees similar to the proposed executive share option scheme intended to reflect the appropriate taxation and regulatory requirements of any relevant overseas jurisdiction .
it is proposed that authority is also given to the directors to establish further share schemes for overseas employees similar to the proposed executive share option scheme intended to [think/show] the appropriate taxation and regulatory requirements of any relevant overseas jurisdiction .

These changes are intended to update the schemes and , in particular , reflect recent developments in the practice relating to such schemes and to ensure conformity between all schemes .
these changes are intended to update the schemes and , in particular , [think/show] recent developments in the practice relating to such schemes and to ensure conformity between all schemes .

It is proposed to extend the circumstances in which the price and number of shares under the British Gas Sharesave Scheme may be adjusted to include an ‘ open offer ’ ( an offer to shareholders similar to a rights issue ) or any other variation of share capital which the Inland Revenue accepts as sufficient ground for such an adjustment and at the same time to allow for adjustments to reflect changes in the class of shares , or the rights attaching to shares , under option .
it is proposed to extend the circumstances in which the price and number of shares under the british gas sharesave scheme may be adjusted to include an ‘ open offer ’ ( an offer to shareholders similar to a rights issue ) or any other variation of share capital which the inland revenue accepts as sufficient ground for such an adjustment and at the same time to allow for adjustments to [think/show] changes in the class of shares , or the rights attaching to shares , under option .

Our new rates reflect more accurately how the risk of theft varies from one part of the country to another .
our new rates [think/show] more accurately how the risk of theft varies from one part of the country to another .

In addition a ‘ terminal ’ bonus may be payable when a policy becomes a claim by death or maturity ; the level of this bonus may be reviewed at any time without notice to reflect changes in the value of the assets of the life fund .
in addition a ‘ terminal ’ bonus may be payable when a policy becomes a claim by death or maturity ; the level of this bonus may be reviewed at any time without notice to [think/show] changes in the value of the assets of the life fund .

standards that reflect agreed policies such as timekeeping , absence , health , approach to customers and so on . You may not be able to measure the results exactly but at least the appraisal discussions are based on some known criteria , rather than likes and dislikes
standards that [think/show] agreed policies such as timekeeping , absence , health , approach to customers and so on . you may not be able to measure the results exactly but at least the appraisal discussions are based on some known criteria , rather than likes and dislikes

Reflect back to the other person your interpretation of what they are saying and feeling .
[think/show] back to the other person your interpretation of what they are saying and feeling .

The meetings which you attend reflect varying purposes but the main ones are to :
the meetings which you attend [think/show] varying purposes but the main ones are to :

In addition a ‘ terminal ’ bonus may be payable when a policy becomes a claim by death or maturity ; the level of this bonus may be reviewed at any time without notice to reflect the changes in the value of the assets of the life fund .
in addition a ‘ terminal ’ bonus may be payable when a policy becomes a claim by death or maturity ; the level of this bonus may be reviewed at any time without notice to [think/show] the changes in the value of the assets of the life fund .

( Johnnie 's impotence has been said to reflect Fugard 's own frustration at not being able to change South African society through his writings . )
( johnnie 's impotence has been said to [think/show] fugard 's own frustration at not being able to change south african society through his writings . )

There are whispering groves , wide spreading lawns where coy stone ladies nestle in the green , and miroirs d'eau à la Courances which might reflect a sky of tender blue .
there are whispering groves , wide spreading lawns where coy stone ladies nestle in the green , and miroirs d'eau à la courances which might [think/show] a sky of tender blue .

Could these rhythms also reflect our environment and life-style ?
could these rhythms also [think/show] our environment and life-style ?

Before a successful method for dieting is assumed to have been found it must be realized that the effects were small and that the difference might reflect the greater energy expended by those who ate in the morning .
before a successful method for dieting is assumed to have been found it must be realized that the effects were small and that the difference might [think/show] the greater energy expended by those who ate in the morning .

This might reflect cultural differences as well as effects due to the type and quantity of food consumed by the mother .
this might [think/show] cultural differences as well as effects due to the type and quantity of food consumed by the mother .

This might reflect the individual 's lack of interest in normal social factors , some error in the pathway linking time-cues to the body clock or some abnormality in the clock itself — an insensitivity to normal time-cues , for example .
this might [think/show] the individual 's lack of interest in normal social factors , some error in the pathway linking time-cues to the body clock or some abnormality in the clock itself — an insensitivity to normal time-cues , for example .

We have to ask ourselves , as consumers , exactly what part we have to play in all this . Does a disorganised clothing industry with little commercial interest in quality simply reflect our own limited needs and aspirations ?
we have to ask ourselves , as consumers , exactly what part we have to play in all this . does a disorganised clothing industry with little commercial interest in quality simply [think/show] our own limited needs and aspirations ?

An increasing number of suppliers of deep-fat fryers and accessories are trying to make the potentially messy process of filtration easier for caterers and many of their latest products reflect this awareness .
an increasing number of suppliers of deep-fat fryers and accessories are trying to make the potentially messy process of filtration easier for caterers and many of their latest products [think/show] this awareness .

The traditional buildings tend to reflect the considerable regional differences in types of farming and in the methods of housing and threshing the crops or housing and feeding the livestock .
the traditional buildings tend to [think/show] the considerable regional differences in types of farming and in the methods of housing and threshing the crops or housing and feeding the livestock .

Walking from the Regimental Headquarters to the Mess there is time to reflect on the day and think about the future .
walking from the regimental headquarters to the mess there is time to [think/show] on the day and think about the future .

‘ Lay down this book and reflect for five minutes on the fact that all the great religions were first preached , and long practised , in a world without Chloroform .
‘ lay down this book and [think/show] for five minutes on the fact that all the great religions were first preached , and long practised , in a world without chloroform .

Sensiq 's lovely pastel colours reflect the sunny feeling and identify your ideal skin products according to skin type .
sensiq 's lovely pastel colours [think/show] the sunny feeling and identify your ideal skin products according to skin type .

The fact that British films of the early 1930s do n't reflect pressing economic and social realities is sometimes blamed on the censorship system .
the fact that british films of the early 1930s do n't [think/show] pressing economic and social realities is sometimes blamed on the censorship system .

With a kind of stolid tranquillity he began to reflect on the day 's work ahead .
with a kind of stolid tranquillity he began to [think/show] on the day 's work ahead .

They reflect a tough tradition among rural women of shouldering a heavy economic burden and speaking their mind .
they [think/show] a tough tradition among rural women of shouldering a heavy economic burden and speaking their mind .

And , as a result , how far does the Crown Appointments Commission reflect the views of the Church in making its recommendations ?
and , as a result , how far does the crown appointments commission [think/show] the views of the church in making its recommendations ?

Football couturiers are critical of the rather plebian collar , the shirt 's tailored lines , and the overall failure of a style designed in 1986 to reflect today 's less structured look .
football couturiers are critical of the rather plebian collar , the shirt 's tailored lines , and the overall failure of a style designed in 1986 to [think/show] today 's less structured look .

Few mistakes are admitted to , and events which do n't reflect well upon him , like the highly dramatic resignations of the Navy Minister and chief of Naval Staff in protest at his decision to scrap aircraft carriers , are dismissed in two illuminating sentences .
few mistakes are admitted to , and events which do n't [think/show] well upon him , like the highly dramatic resignations of the navy minister and chief of naval staff in protest at his decision to scrap aircraft carriers , are dismissed in two illuminating sentences .

Eurotunnel should produce traffic and revenue forecasts based on the assumption that its fares will have to rise above those of the competition to reflect the increases in its own costs and in the cost of the rail link to London .
eurotunnel should produce traffic and revenue forecasts based on the assumption that its fares will have to rise above those of the competition to [think/show] the increases in its own costs and in the cost of the rail link to london .

’ His comments reflect the uncertainity of an experiment where no one under the age of 42 has voted before .
’ his comments [think/show] the uncertainity of an experiment where no one under the age of 42 has voted before .

The new charter would more closely reflect the demographic predominance of the Muslims , a move which their leaders and their Syrian backers argue is long overdue .
the new charter would more closely [think/show] the demographic predominance of the muslims , a move which their leaders and their syrian backers argue is long overdue .

The author has had time to consider and reflect , so that descriptions , interpretations and evaluations will have been carefully formulated .
the author has had time to consider and [think/show] , so that descriptions , interpretations and evaluations will have been carefully formulated .

Ironists reflect with pleasure that nevertheless one of the great literary biographies of the century has subsequently been written about Proust .
ironists [think/show] with pleasure that nevertheless one of the great literary biographies of the century has subsequently been written about proust .

One would thus hope that the treatment of The Tabard would reflect its key role in the area and the importance of its architect .
one would thus hope that the treatment of the tabard would [think/show] its key role in the area and the importance of its architect .

They always had to pause and reflect .
they always had to pause and [think/show] .

Inanimate objects reflect my mood .
inanimate objects [think/show] my mood .

They reflect the sense of disquietude , of alienation even , that broke into his consciousness , wrenching him from contentment and popularity and success into a feeling of grave unrest ; as they have continued to do , exacerbated by his own failures and guilt .
they [think/show] the sense of disquietude , of alienation even , that broke into his consciousness , wrenching him from contentment and popularity and success into a feeling of grave unrest ; as they have continued to do , exacerbated by his own failures and guilt .

He could — and would - visit a revolution , be it political and national , or merely student ; he would reflect on it , but he would never get ‘ involved ’ in it , be it Cuban , Ethiopian , Greek or Polish .
he could — and would - visit a revolution , be it political and national , or merely student ; he would [think/show] on it , but he would never get ‘ involved ’ in it , be it cuban , ethiopian , greek or polish .

He was speaking from a mind full of ideas and images , which all offered insight in varying ways , which he sought to reflect on over several years .
he was speaking from a mind full of ideas and images , which all offered insight in varying ways , which he sought to [think/show] on over several years .

But that other ‘ landscape ’ , quieter perhaps , but like an underground stream , unconscious and very persistent , never failed to obtrude itself on him : ‘ It is strange that even now prayer is my natural language , ’ he said , in ‘ Lines From My Grandfather 's Journal ’ ( The Spice-Box Of Earth , p10 ) which powerfully reflect his own self-questionings ; the ‘ tyranny ’ was asserting itself .
but that other ‘ landscape ’ , quieter perhaps , but like an underground stream , unconscious and very persistent , never failed to obtrude itself on him : ‘ it is strange that even now prayer is my natural language , ’ he said , in ‘ lines from my grandfather 's journal ’ ( the spice-box of earth , p10 ) which powerfully [think/show] his own self-questionings ; the ‘ tyranny ’ was asserting itself .

From de Valera 's point of view — and the majority of the nation and its politicians would have concurred — the fact that the Free State was over 90 per cent catholic meant that its moral and social outlook would reflect catholic beliefs .
from de valera 's point of view — and the majority of the nation and its politicians would have concurred — the fact that the free state was over 90 per cent catholic meant that its moral and social outlook would [think/show] catholic beliefs .

The main economic differences reflect the different structures of the state and the different state policies adopted by the British and Irish governments at any one time , though with a significantly higher state sector of employment in Ulster .
the main economic differences [think/show] the different structures of the state and the different state policies adopted by the british and irish governments at any one time , though with a significantly higher state sector of employment in ulster .

Even Ian Paisley 's free presbyterians , who have communities in County Cavan and Dublin , are centrally organized , though this may reflect the practical situation in Ireland and the role of the ‘ big man ’ himself within the church he founded .
even ian paisley 's free presbyterians , who have communities in county cavan and dublin , are centrally organized , though this may [think/show] the practical situation in ireland and the role of the ‘ big man ’ himself within the church he founded .

The state has no role in the appointment of bishops and the juridical processes of church and state are kept entirely separate , though it will be seen that a number of administrative procedures reflect a direct link .
the state has no role in the appointment of bishops and the juridical processes of church and state are kept entirely separate , though it will be seen that a number of administrative procedures [think/show] a direct link .

The way these various aspects of current Roman catholic social teaching were presented in the Irish constitution can hardly be taken as fulfilment of the need to reflect the opinions of the majority of the republic 's population .
the way these various aspects of current roman catholic social teaching were presented in the irish constitution can hardly be taken as fulfilment of the need to [think/show] the opinions of the majority of the republic 's population .

He certainly felt that the culture of the state should reflect the fact that it was 93 per cent Roman catholic .
he certainly felt that the culture of the state should [think/show] the fact that it was 93 per cent roman catholic .

They are also an invitation to those who exercise political power to reflect on the nature of man and of human society and in the enactment of laws to eschew the often brilliant attractions of pragmatism , of relativism or of short-term solutions in favour of lasting concern for the common good of all .
they are also an invitation to those who exercise political power to [think/show] on the nature of man and of human society and in the enactment of laws to eschew the often brilliant attractions of pragmatism , of relativism or of short-term solutions in favour of lasting concern for the common good of all .

Though Agatha Christie was properly reticent about the breadth of her reading , it is clear to the informed student of her works that they reflect a much broader and deeper literary frame of reference than is usually admitted to this particular author .
though agatha christie was properly reticent about the breadth of her reading , it is clear to the informed student of her works that they [think/show] a much broader and deeper literary frame of reference than is usually admitted to this particular author .

Police methodologies of controlling the dangerous classes may well reflect that we are in a period which Foucault ( 1980 ) has described as the ‘ end of an historical epoch ’ .
police methodologies of controlling the dangerous classes may well [think/show] that we are in a period which foucault ( 1980 ) has described as the ‘ end of an historical epoch ’ .

My own ‘ anthropological history ’ in this liminoid phase became extended over eight years , until 1974 , and not only gave me time to reflect on many of the controls we were required to impose , but also to consider the nature of the social harm these unworldly folk devils and ‘ drug fiends ’ were actually causing ; for established society has never really known how to handle the unworldly easily .
my own ‘ anthropological history ’ in this liminoid phase became extended over eight years , until 1974 , and not only gave me time to [think/show] on many of the controls we were required to impose , but also to consider the nature of the social harm these unworldly folk devils and ‘ drug fiends ’ were actually causing ; for established society has never really known how to handle the unworldly easily .

Disordered hair is constantly used to reflect social chaos by the police and is a prime signifier of everything that is offensive to the world of ‘ real polising ’ .
disordered hair is constantly used to [think/show] social chaos by the police and is a prime signifier of everything that is offensive to the world of ‘ real polising ’ .

The public holidays should reflect that .
the public holidays should [think/show] that .

Cavaye of MacGregor and Company says that stock levels should reflect business and the demand for the kind of food being served .
cavaye of macgregor and company says that stock levels should [think/show] business and the demand for the kind of food being served .

Other contestants concocted dishes which did reflect a woman 's touch .
other contestants concocted dishes which did [think/show] a woman 's touch .

The trophy will reflect this objective .
the trophy will [think/show] this objective .

There is evidence of good microbiological research emanating from Russia and Poland , but even if the communist countries had accurate figures on disease prevalence they might feel that publication of these would reflect badly on their political systems .
there is evidence of good microbiological research emanating from russia and poland , but even if the communist countries had accurate figures on disease prevalence they might feel that publication of these would [think/show] badly on their political systems .

Nowadays , most physicians would regard this as an over-radical approach to the problem of warts but it does reflect the despair , by no means restricted to those days , felt by doctors trying to cope with recurrent genital condylomata .
nowadays , most physicians would regard this as an over-radical approach to the problem of warts but it does [think/show] the despair , by no means restricted to those days , felt by doctors trying to cope with recurrent genital condylomata .

Although it is possible to detect antibodies to wart virus in the blood of infected individuals , these antibodies , rather like those found in cases of syphilis , reflect the body 's recognition of the infection rather than any intention , let alone ability , to dispose of it .
although it is possible to detect antibodies to wart virus in the blood of infected individuals , these antibodies , rather like those found in cases of syphilis , [think/show] the body 's recognition of the infection rather than any intention , let alone ability , to dispose of it .

Sadly , with syphilis , the measurable increases in the blood levels of circulating antibodies do not reflect any useful level of protection against repeated infection .
sadly , with syphilis , the measurable increases in the blood levels of circulating antibodies do not [think/show] any useful level of protection against repeated infection .

Over 60 per cent of cases occur in males , and it is much more common among the Negro races than Caucasians , although this may reflect the areas where it is endemic rather than any racial predilection .
over 60 per cent of cases occur in males , and it is much more common among the negro races than caucasians , although this may [think/show] the areas where it is endemic rather than any racial predilection .

Since the non-venereal treponematoses provoke identical antibody responses to those found in syphilis , problems arise in deciding whether such positive blood tests reflect , say , latent syphilis , or simply past infection by a non-venereal treponematosis in the country of origin .
since the non-venereal treponematoses provoke identical antibody responses to those found in syphilis , problems arise in deciding whether such positive blood tests [think/show] , say , latent syphilis , or simply past infection by a non-venereal treponematosis in the country of origin .

East End working class attitudes have been parodied by Alf Garnett as portrayed by Warren Mitchell , yet his strongly loyalist , anti-socialist , anti-foreigner , anti-intellectual , male chauvinist opinions appear to reflect real attitudes , only exaggerated for the purposes of the comedy .
east end working class attitudes have been parodied by alf garnett as portrayed by warren mitchell , yet his strongly loyalist , anti-socialist , anti-foreigner , anti-intellectual , male chauvinist opinions appear to [think/show] real attitudes , only exaggerated for the purposes of the comedy .

In the torchlight , banded coral shrimps and sun coral reflect vivid shades of red and pink , gorgonians sway , their feeding polyps drifting in the current .
in the torchlight , banded coral shrimps and sun coral [think/show] vivid shades of red and pink , gorgonians sway , their feeding polyps drifting in the current .

In keeping with the original aims of the National Fun Run , we want to encourage clubs to enter teams which reflect their whole membership , rather than just their fastest runners .
in keeping with the original aims of the national fun run , we want to encourage clubs to enter teams which [think/show] their whole membership , rather than just their fastest runners .

As most shampoos are detergent-based and alkaline , conditioner helps to restore the hair 's natural acidity and smooths down the cuticles , making them lie flat to reflect more light and add shine .
as most shampoos are detergent-based and alkaline , conditioner helps to restore the hair 's natural acidity and smooths down the cuticles , making them lie flat to [think/show] more light and add shine .

One way to remind ourselves is to reflect that , even today , not all the phenotypic effects of a gene are bound up in the individual body in which it sits .
one way to remind ourselves is to [think/show] that , even today , not all the phenotypic effects of a gene are bound up in the individual body in which it sits .

We can begin to understand this vital principle when we reflect on how we have been emotionally wounded in the past .
we can begin to understand this vital principle when we [think/show] on how we have been emotionally wounded in the past .

Whatever we think about child baptism , it did reflect a serious interest in the role of the family in bringing up children .
whatever we think about child baptism , it did [think/show] a serious interest in the role of the family in bringing up children .

These two true stories reflect the way in which God can break into the closed world of the self .
these two true stories [think/show] the way in which god can break into the closed world of the self .

If we reflect further , we can also see that each beatitude addresses the weaknesses of the different types of personality we looked at earlier .
if we [think/show] further , we can also see that each beatitude addresses the weaknesses of the different types of personality we looked at earlier .

From this , we step forward to reflect on the essential need for humility .
from this , we step forward to [think/show] on the essential need for humility .

Instead , our desires reflect the collection of values that we attach to our humanity .
instead , our desires [think/show] the collection of values that we attach to our humanity .

Such examples of human misery , Pascal said , prove our greatness : ‘ It is the misery of a great lord , the wretchedness of a deposed king , ’ that reflect upon the human dignity of being made in the image of God .
such examples of human misery , pascal said , prove our greatness : ‘ it is the misery of a great lord , the wretchedness of a deposed king , ’ that [think/show] upon the human dignity of being made in the image of god .

Damage to the imperial image could reflect contemporary forms of punishment .
damage to the imperial image could [think/show] contemporary forms of punishment .

This residue has been further moved by subsequent erosion and climate , and forms the soil we know today , which does not necessarily reflect the local underlying rock formation .
this residue has been further moved by subsequent erosion and climate , and forms the soil we know today , which does not necessarily [think/show] the local underlying rock formation .

The common mixtures of sand , silt , and clay are called loams ( silty loams , sandy loams , clay loams , silty clay loams , and so on ) and in the absence of organic matter , reflect structural qualities in proportion to their ingredients .
the common mixtures of sand , silt , and clay are called loams ( silty loams , sandy loams , clay loams , silty clay loams , and so on ) and in the absence of organic matter , [think/show] structural qualities in proportion to their ingredients .

Public buildings came increasingly to reflect the size and spectacle of it all .
public buildings came increasingly to [think/show] the size and spectacle of it all .

What station-building remained was increasingly to reflect the functional , geometrical approach , stressing cubes and cylinders and glorying in reinforced concrete .
what station-building remained was increasingly to [think/show] the functional , geometrical approach , stressing cubes and cylinders and glorying in reinforced concrete .

Fry deliberately wrote the next part of his essay in a railway refreshment room ( ‘ One must remember that public places of this kind merely reflect the average citizen 's soul , as expressed in his home ’ ) .
fry deliberately wrote the next part of his essay in a railway refreshment room ( ‘ one must remember that public places of this kind merely [think/show] the average citizen 's soul , as expressed in his home ’ ) .

It is true that baroque had long been adopted as the style for state capitols in the United States , but the Beaux-Arts style in all its overblown pomposity was to reflect this new sense of greatness .
it is true that baroque had long been adopted as the style for state capitols in the united states , but the beaux-arts style in all its overblown pomposity was to [think/show] this new sense of greatness .

There was a robust strength about all Australian stations which seemed to reflect the character of the early colonies , their ambitions , and the part they would play in a successful Commonwealth in the twentieth century .
there was a robust strength about all australian stations which seemed to [think/show] the character of the early colonies , their ambitions , and the part they would play in a successful commonwealth in the twentieth century .

So did many whose professional and intellectual concerns were with education , and who obliged me to reflect more on schools and on what , whether by intention or not , they did .
so did many whose professional and intellectual concerns were with education , and who obliged me to [think/show] more on schools and on what , whether by intention or not , they did .

‘ It is interesting to reflect that the course of the history of medicine — and , indeed , of the history of mankind — hung briefly on the timekeeping of the Great Western Railway ’ .
‘ it is interesting to [think/show] that the course of the history of medicine — and , indeed , of the history of mankind — hung briefly on the timekeeping of the great western railway ’ .

Laboratories and institutes established by charitable foundations became bigger : the Rockefeller Institute in New York was renamed the Rockefeller University in 1977 to reflect the scale of its research and education .
laboratories and institutes established by charitable foundations became bigger : the rockefeller institute in new york was renamed the rockefeller university in 1977 to [think/show] the scale of its research and education .

The Gothic and Baroque buildings in the centre of town seemed somehow to reflect the gloom with their peeling plaster and crumbling façades : a once-proud city of towers and spires , balconies , alleys and doorways , with the university — a jumbled collection of yellow buildings and small courtyards — standing on a rock above the River Morava gazing severely down on a gold-domed Russian Orthodox church , now boarded up , its green roof tiles slipped and broken .
the gothic and baroque buildings in the centre of town seemed somehow to [think/show] the gloom with their peeling plaster and crumbling façades : a once-proud city of towers and spires , balconies , alleys and doorways , with the university — a jumbled collection of yellow buildings and small courtyards — standing on a rock above the river morava gazing severely down on a gold-domed russian orthodox church , now boarded up , its green roof tiles slipped and broken .

Although most of the poets embrace feminism , the majority reflect the idea of a uniform female existence : preferring not to be categorised by a ‘ feminist ’ or ‘ woman poet ’ label but letting their work speak for itself .
although most of the poets embrace feminism , the majority [think/show] the idea of a uniform female existence : preferring not to be categorised by a ‘ feminist ’ or ‘ woman poet ’ label but letting their work speak for itself .

‘ We think it would be better as a private company , without that pressure ’ , said Mr De Haan , though he said the move did not reflect any disenchantment with the City .
‘ we think it would be better as a private company , without that pressure ’ , said mr de haan , though he said the move did not [think/show] any disenchantment with the city .

Reflecting in 1968 on the difference between him and Communists of the older generation , he said : ‘ They seem to approach reality by way of certain abstract categories , which seem to them to have a lot of meaning and to reflect concrete experience … ; [ whereas ] members of my generation tend to use as a starting point reality as it exists at the moment , they form general concepts on the basis of this reality and they disregard categories which seem to have lost their relevance and to function more as incantations than as concepts .
reflecting in 1968 on the difference between him and communists of the older generation , he said : ‘ they seem to approach reality by way of certain abstract categories , which seem to them to have a lot of meaning and to [think/show] concrete experience … ; [ whereas ] members of my generation tend to use as a starting point reality as it exists at the moment , they form general concepts on the basis of this reality and they disregard categories which seem to have lost their relevance and to function more as incantations than as concepts .

Composing himself , Sir Michael pressed on : ‘ Would my Right Honourable Friend reflect on the great progress that has been made during the last 10 years in the well-being of our country and the competitiveness of our industries and … ’ On and on he swirled .
composing himself , sir michael pressed on : ‘ would my right honourable friend [think/show] on the great progress that has been made during the last 10 years in the well-being of our country and the competitiveness of our industries and … ’ on and on he swirled .

January 14 will see the Last Train to Medicine Hat , to Moose Jaw , Locust Hill , Swift Current and Indian River ; to Antigonish , Merigomish and Hectanooga ; and — because Canadian placenames reflect a variety of influences — to Weymouth , Berwick , Peterborough and Pontypool .
january 14 will see the last train to medicine hat , to moose jaw , locust hill , swift current and indian river ; to antigonish , merigomish and hectanooga ; and — because canadian placenames [think/show] a variety of influences — to weymouth , berwick , peterborough and pontypool .

Unless you have a fair experience of building handicrafts and a lot of time on your hands , you will probably need to hire a builder , and you should take as much care over this as possible since the quality of building work varies very substantially indeed , and two different firms of builders , next to each other in the ‘ Yellow Pages ’ may reflect totally different standards and attitudes .
unless you have a fair experience of building handicrafts and a lot of time on your hands , you will probably need to hire a builder , and you should take as much care over this as possible since the quality of building work varies very substantially indeed , and two different firms of builders , next to each other in the ‘ yellow pages ’ may [think/show] totally different standards and attitudes .

Dorma have carefully endeavoured to provide a discriminating range of duvet covers and bedwear that will reflect every mood and enhance every possible bedroom style .
dorma have carefully endeavoured to provide a discriminating range of duvet covers and bedwear that will [think/show] every mood and enhance every possible bedroom style .

He found it hard to believe that the 3 per cent of allegations of racial discrimination sustained by the authority could reflect the true picture , and he supported an independent investigatory agency to handle all aspects of complaints against the police .
he found it hard to believe that the 3 per cent of allegations of racial discrimination sustained by the authority could [think/show] the true picture , and he supported an independent investigatory agency to handle all aspects of complaints against the police .

Mr Mitterrand also had talks with one of the key figures in the reform movement , the conductor , Kurt Masur , who has urged East Germans to pause and reflect before pursuing their revolution further .
mr mitterrand also had talks with one of the key figures in the reform movement , the conductor , kurt masur , who has urged east germans to pause and [think/show] before pursuing their revolution further .

In New York , letters to Santa reflect the need more than the greed in that city of cities .
in new york , letters to santa [think/show] the need more than the greed in that city of cities .

The interiors of both reflect their mundane origins but the longer and higher Vauxhall has more comfortable seats and greater space .
the interiors of both [think/show] their mundane origins but the longer and higher vauxhall has more comfortable seats and greater space .

No club was named in the piece but Wyre Boat Angling Club have complained to Angler 's Mail that they recognized themselves as the targets of Bob 's attack — and say his comments are inaccurate , totally unjustified and reflect solely a minority view .
no club was named in the piece but wyre boat angling club have complained to angler 's mail that they recognized themselves as the targets of bob 's attack — and say his comments are inaccurate , totally unjustified and [think/show] solely a minority view .

In this way , all the shops reflect Roddick 's concern for the environment and her insistence that private wealth should be used for public good .
in this way , all the shops [think/show] roddick 's concern for the environment and her insistence that private wealth should be used for public good .

Founded by a breakaway group of journalists from Sounds , it has gone on to outsell its progenitor and , though primarily star-oriented , considers it has a duty to reflect the grass-roots scene as well .
founded by a breakaway group of journalists from sounds , it has gone on to outsell its progenitor and , though primarily star-oriented , considers it has a duty to [think/show] the grass-roots scene as well .

Artists based outside London should certainly make it their business to locate each publication 's local ‘ stringer ’ whose job it is to reflect the scene in their own city or town .
artists based outside london should certainly make it their business to locate each publication 's local ‘ stringer ’ whose job it is to [think/show] the scene in their own city or town .

The most common period of time for this sort of agreement is three or four years , and the advances payable should reflect this .
the most common period of time for this sort of agreement is three or four years , and the advances payable should [think/show] this .

The tour manager or tour accountant must maintain adequate books to reflect these transactions so they can all be accurately included within the band 's finances .
the tour manager or tour accountant must maintain adequate books to [think/show] these transactions so they can all be accurately included within the band 's finances .

It is quite feasible that band members will have contributed to the composition of songs in different amounts , so the income received from the band 's songs is often split to reflect this .
it is quite feasible that band members will have contributed to the composition of songs in different amounts , so the income received from the band 's songs is often split to [think/show] this .

It becomes more difficult each year to find words that will reflect the invaluable help given to the Association by the young people of the Air Training Corps and the Girls Venture Corps Air Cadets .
it becomes more difficult each year to find words that will [think/show] the invaluable help given to the association by the young people of the air training corps and the girls venture corps air cadets .

Reading the article in this issue on Remembrance led me to reflect on the statement in our Royal Charter which says that one of the objects of the Association is to :
reading the article in this issue on remembrance led me to [think/show] on the statement in our royal charter which says that one of the objects of the association is to :

Successful , Booker Prize-winning women novelists such as Anita Brookner or Penelope Lively , for example , did not reflect the feminist awareness of the time to any marked extent .
successful , booker prize-winning women novelists such as anita brookner or penelope lively , for example , did not [think/show] the feminist awareness of the time to any marked extent .

In the Thatcher era , the nation 's leaders seemed now to reflect the ‘ enterprise ’ outlook of finance , banking , and credit rather than that of traditional manufacturing or other industries .
in the thatcher era , the nation 's leaders seemed now to [think/show] the ‘ enterprise ’ outlook of finance , banking , and credit rather than that of traditional manufacturing or other industries .

The view that hooligans actually learn how to behave from the papers and reflect back to the public the image that has been created for them is not really borne out in personal interviews .
the view that hooligans actually learn how to behave from the papers and [think/show] back to the public the image that has been created for them is not really borne out in personal interviews .

In the 308 the side view became more balanced to reflect the increased importance of the rear end with its new engine .
in the 308 the side view became more balanced to [think/show] the increased importance of the rear end with its new engine .

When they 're still children a mother or a whore gives them a piece of broken mirror in which they trap a ray of the sun and reflect it into one of the Palace windows .
when they 're still children a mother or a whore gives them a piece of broken mirror in which they trap a ray of the sun and [think/show] it into one of the palace windows .

Egerton name change : Egerton Trust , the housebuilder and property developer , has changed the names of six of its subsidiaries to Egerton to reflect the exposure of the group .
egerton name change : egerton trust , the housebuilder and property developer , has changed the names of six of its subsidiaries to egerton to [think/show] the exposure of the group .

Home shopping held its profits at £13m which could well reflect the use of provisions raised on the Freemans acquisition to meet a net 10 per cent staff reduction .
home shopping held its profits at £13m which could well [think/show] the use of provisions raised on the freemans acquisition to meet a net 10 per cent staff reduction .

Davies can at least reflect that after tomorrow , his rugby league education will be complete .
davies can at least [think/show] that after tomorrow , his rugby league education will be complete .

Mr Pannone 's comments reflect the philosophy of the American courts , where juries are able to award punitive damages .
mr pannone 's comments [think/show] the philosophy of the american courts , where juries are able to award punitive damages .

‘ They must reflect some inner disturbance .
‘ they must [think/show] some inner disturbance .

And if it seemed surprising to reflect that the supremely versatile Hampshire trainer has not yet struck in our Classic races , it was even more incredible to learn from the man himself that Dead Certain 's victory in the richest two-year-olds race ever run in this country was his first success in a group one event .
and if it seemed surprising to [think/show] that the supremely versatile hampshire trainer has not yet struck in our classic races , it was even more incredible to learn from the man himself that dead certain 's victory in the richest two-year-olds race ever run in this country was his first success in a group one event .

Sir : Jonathan Glancey ( Architecture ; ‘ Invisible buildings that reflect nothing ’ , 4 October ) does well to remind us of the spreading disease of the mirrored glass building .
sir : jonathan glancey ( architecture ; ‘ invisible buildings that [think/show] nothing ’ , 4 october ) does well to remind us of the spreading disease of the mirrored glass building .

Architecture : Invisible buildings that reflect nothing : The subtopian , A-road design of many of our cities is destroying their character , Jonathan Glancey believes . Most critics ignore the dreariness of our streets , but it is time for the public to demand better
architecture : invisible buildings that [think/show] nothing : the subtopian , a-road design of many of our cities is destroying their character , jonathan glancey believes . most critics ignore the dreariness of our streets , but it is time for the public to demand better

Because each has nothing to say , the mirrored buildings simply reflect a bigger nothing .
because each has nothing to say , the mirrored buildings simply [think/show] a bigger nothing .

The cut is part of a regular review system that adjusts funding to reflect the amount of interest in the programmes .
the cut is part of a regular review system that adjusts funding to [think/show] the amount of interest in the programmes .

Such treatment may reflect the readership the authors had in mind .
such treatment may [think/show] the readership the authors had in mind .

He went on to reflect on the foundation of new branches . These usually arose through personal contact :
he went on to [think/show] on the foundation of new branches . these usually arose through personal contact :

These variations reflect the fact that siblings themselves age and die and therefore become less of a source of support as people grow older .
these variations [think/show] the fact that siblings themselves age and die and therefore become less of a source of support as people grow older .

The levels will reflect the influence and authority of the different partners , and the distribution of power among them .
the levels will [think/show] the influence and authority of the different partners , and the distribution of power among them .

What methods are used to achieve client participation ? The different methods will reflect different levels of participation , and show how broad the participatory front is .
what methods are used to achieve client participation ? the different methods will [think/show] different levels of participation , and show how broad the participatory front is .

The former , which is more draconian , may reflect the longer term perceived treatment needs of the men .
the former , which is more draconian , may [think/show] the longer term perceived treatment needs of the men .

They also reflect , however , a realistic appreciation that improvement in local situations often depends on factors which are beyond local control .
they also [think/show] , however , a realistic appreciation that improvement in local situations often depends on factors which are beyond local control .

These have been established in the interests of the internal efficiency of each agency but often do not reflect settlement or land use patterns or real cultural regions .
these have been established in the interests of the internal efficiency of each agency but often do not [think/show] settlement or land use patterns or real cultural regions .

Rugby and cricket reflect on the repercussions of the winds of change
rugby and cricket [think/show] on the repercussions of the winds of change

These were the words of an ordinary parishioner and they reflect the attitude of many others in parishes where there is a woman deacon on the staff .
these were the words of an ordinary parishioner and they [think/show] the attitude of many others in parishes where there is a woman deacon on the staff .

these differences reflect many influences .
these differences [think/show] many influences .

Noreen bowed her head blushing in shame and was about to walk off when the song was taken up by a voice in the wings and out stepped Maria in her best dress to finish the song , ‘ To reflect back her blushes or give sigh for sigh ’ .
noreen bowed her head blushing in shame and was about to walk off when the song was taken up by a voice in the wings and out stepped maria in her best dress to finish the song , ‘ to [think/show] back her blushes or give sigh for sigh ’ .

There is n't a substantial body of films which reflect an ongoing or developing concern with race-related themes , but rather sporadic ‘ moments ’ in which particular motifs have featured prominently . ( Pines 1981 )
there is n't a substantial body of films which [think/show] an ongoing or developing concern with race-related themes , but rather sporadic ‘ moments ’ in which particular motifs have featured prominently . ( pines 1981 )

In part these stories reflect the disappointment of crushed political hopes .
in part these stories [think/show] the disappointment of crushed political hopes .

The profit downturn will also reflect the world economic outlook .
the profit downturn will also [think/show] the world economic outlook .

Does the existing dividing line reflect the relative seriousness of these mistake-related offences ?
does the existing dividing line [think/show] the relative seriousness of these mistake-related offences ?

Such teaching , mercifully , does not accurately reflect what the Israelites achieved , or were able to achieve , in the conquest of the Land .
such teaching , mercifully , does not accurately [think/show] what the israelites achieved , or were able to achieve , in the conquest of the land .

Just before dozing off on an air mattress beneath a nylon tent amid the stench of decaying refuse they may reflect vaguely on the curious unevenness of their blessings . Is this , indeed , the American genius ?
just before dozing off on an air mattress beneath a nylon tent amid the stench of decaying refuse they may [think/show] vaguely on the curious unevenness of their blessings . is this , indeed , the american genius ?

If his achievements reflect the value of the Dutch Texel , then the breed is being vastly under-rated as a terminal sire .
if his achievements [think/show] the value of the dutch texel , then the breed is being vastly under-rated as a terminal sire .

Logic does n't often come into it ; sometimes the numbers reflect engine power , sometimes not .
logic does n't often come into it ; sometimes the numbers [think/show] engine power , sometimes not .

Accordingly , policies were re-written and strategies revised , firstly , to reflect the changes needed if Labour was to be kept at bay , and , secondly , to accommodate the non-Labour supporters of the old Liberal Party within the modern Conservative party .
accordingly , policies were re-written and strategies revised , firstly , to [think/show] the changes needed if labour was to be kept at bay , and , secondly , to accommodate the non-labour supporters of the old liberal party within the modern conservative party .

‘ It 's a very extreme film ; a story about fame and excess , about people who acquire a very specific audience , people who really watch them and reflect them .
‘ it 's a very extreme film ; a story about fame and excess , about people who acquire a very specific audience , people who really watch them and [think/show] them .

For one brief moment he paused to reflect on the finality of this his last visit which closed a thirty year chapter of his life ; then with a wry smile he descended the impressive stairway .
for one brief moment he paused to [think/show] on the finality of this his last visit which closed a thirty year chapter of his life ; then with a wry smile he descended the impressive stairway .

On the other hand numerous studies have shown that clay from one locality , if not always of a single composition , has at least a reasonably uniform and limited compositional range , whereas clays from different locations ( towns , countries , continents ) have different chemical compositions because they reflect differences in the underlying geology .
on the other hand numerous studies have shown that clay from one locality , if not always of a single composition , has at least a reasonably uniform and limited compositional range , whereas clays from different locations ( towns , countries , continents ) have different chemical compositions because they [think/show] differences in the underlying geology .

The multi-dimensional scaling configuration resulting from processing the ‘ degree of intermarriage ’ values might therefore be expected to reflect geographical location of the villages .
the multi-dimensional scaling configuration resulting from processing the ‘ degree of intermarriage ’ values might therefore be expected to [think/show] geographical location of the villages .

The collectors of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries evidently had few qualms about braving remote and inhospitable peoples and places , and their donations to the Museum collections occasionally reflect the intimidations and perils they faced in acquiring them — precisely what Museum staff experience when confronted with some of these legacies .
the collectors of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries evidently had few qualms about braving remote and inhospitable peoples and places , and their donations to the museum collections occasionally [think/show] the intimidations and perils they faced in acquiring them — precisely what museum staff experience when confronted with some of these legacies .

However , the enormous diversity of objects within and between the collections does mean that a degree of flexibility is necessary to provide a sensible selection of fields that reflect the variation in object type .
however , the enormous diversity of objects within and between the collections does mean that a degree of flexibility is necessary to provide a sensible selection of fields that [think/show] the variation in object type .

The repeated assertions in the New Testament that ‘ wives should obey their husbands ’ and that women will be saved by childbearing , reflect the war of familial , patriarchal Christianity against egalitarian , celibate Christianity .
the repeated assertions in the new testament that ‘ wives should obey their husbands ’ and that women will be saved by childbearing , [think/show] the war of familial , patriarchal christianity against egalitarian , celibate christianity .

We give birth surrounded by people who reflect our own fear that we will lose control and that our animal self will burst forth noisily and messily .
we give birth surrounded by people who [think/show] our own fear that we will lose control and that our animal self will burst forth noisily and messily .

Both tended to step back and reflect on ageing only after a death .
both tended to step back and [think/show] on ageing only after a death .

Job titles , clothing and conditions that reflect duties .
job titles , clothing and conditions that [think/show] duties .

Vagueness or lack of information may indicate that the primary failure rests at supervisory level and negative answers may reflect inadequacies in methods or lack of supervision .
vagueness or lack of information may indicate that the primary failure rests at supervisory level and negative answers may [think/show] inadequacies in methods or lack of supervision .

Dirty conditions are more likely to be the result of management activities , or the lack of them , and the emphasis on ‘ trouble shooting ’ should reflect this .
dirty conditions are more likely to be the result of management activities , or the lack of them , and the emphasis on ‘ trouble shooting ’ should [think/show] this .

The images on show reflect the initial choice of photographers themselves , rather that of the awards judges at the final stages ( 11–21 Feb ) .
the images on show [think/show] the initial choice of photographers themselves , rather that of the awards judges at the final stages ( 11–21 feb ) .

Cities & Deserts : Travels in Oman , Jordan & Libya , portraits and landscapes by Ann Jousiffe which reflect the cultural diversity of the Arab world , including rarely seen images of Libya ( 4–29 Feb ) .
cities & deserts : travels in oman , jordan & libya , portraits and landscapes by ann jousiffe which [think/show] the cultural diversity of the arab world , including rarely seen images of libya ( 4–29 feb ) .

These conditions postmodernist art is often held to reflect .
these conditions postmodernist art is often held to [think/show] .

Some of the authors who have dared adopt Joyce 's methods , have done so neither by duplicating nor by radically reshaping them , but by adapting them to reflect heightened or malfunctioning consciousnesses rather than relatively normal ones .
some of the authors who have dared adopt joyce 's methods , have done so neither by duplicating nor by radically reshaping them , but by adapting them to [think/show] heightened or malfunctioning consciousnesses rather than relatively normal ones .

These views reflect what has since been recognized as a ‘ prevailing ideology ’ in ‘ the British literary-journalistic establishment ’ of the 1950s — — in which Snow 's influence as a reviewer played a considerable part .
these views [think/show] what has since been recognized as a ‘ prevailing ideology ’ in ‘ the british literary-journalistic establishment ’ of the 1950s — — in which snow 's influence as a reviewer played a considerable part .

The adoption of the superannuated forms of nineteenth-century fiction did not adequately reflect the epistemological and ontological uncertainty characteristic of the contemporary experience of reality .
the adoption of the superannuated forms of nineteenth-century fiction did not adequately [think/show] the epistemological and ontological uncertainty characteristic of the contemporary experience of reality .

The nouveaux romanciers have used not simply formalist , but explicitly formal realist arguments to explain their departure from traditional narrative structures : the form of the novel itself had to reflect the changing perception of reality as fragmentary and discontinuous .
the nouveaux romanciers have used not simply formalist , but explicitly formal realist arguments to explain their departure from traditional narrative structures : the form of the novel itself had to [think/show] the changing perception of reality as fragmentary and discontinuous .

Robbe-Grillet appeared to be illustrating the poetics of the jeu combinatoire : the novels reflect their own processes of composition , and the interpretative strategies which the reader brings are encoded within the text .
robbe-grillet appeared to be illustrating the poetics of the jeu combinatoire : the novels [think/show] their own processes of composition , and the interpretative strategies which the reader brings are encoded within the text .

Mr Palomar , the observer , is a nervous man , living ‘ in a frenzied and congested world ’ ( Calvino 1986 : 4 ) : congested not only with other humans like himself , crowding preferably into places which seem to reflect back at them mute incomprehension of their triumphant ubiquity ( the zoo , the garden of rocks and sand of the Ryoanji of Kyoto ) , but criss-crossed furthermore with signals and signs , simultaneously requiring and resisting interpretation .
mr palomar , the observer , is a nervous man , living ‘ in a frenzied and congested world ’ ( calvino 1986 : 4 ) : congested not only with other humans like himself , crowding preferably into places which seem to [think/show] back at them mute incomprehension of their triumphant ubiquity ( the zoo , the garden of rocks and sand of the ryoanji of kyoto ) , but criss-crossed furthermore with signals and signs , simultaneously requiring and resisting interpretation .

Other changes of emphasis , after a quarter of a century , reflect a more general appreciation of townscape — a larger selection of minor eighteenth- and nineteenth-century structures is included , an increased interest in gardens , and a new introductory chapter by Neil Wright records the growth in the study of industrial archaeology .
other changes of emphasis , after a quarter of a century , [think/show] a more general appreciation of townscape — a larger selection of minor eighteenth- and nineteenth-century structures is included , an increased interest in gardens , and a new introductory chapter by neil wright records the growth in the study of industrial archaeology .

Israel only accepted Resolution 242 without qualification in 1970 , but acceptance did not reflect its true position for it was already opposed to the return of substantial territory in return for peace .
israel only accepted resolution 242 without qualification in 1970 , but acceptance did not [think/show] its true position for it was already opposed to the return of substantial territory in return for peace .

Its call to Israel to facilitate repatriation or compensation was an affirmation of the human rights of the situation , but did not reflect the pragmatic expectation .
its call to israel to facilitate repatriation or compensation was an affirmation of the human rights of the situation , but did not [think/show] the pragmatic expectation .

Many of these families carefully weighed the balance of pro-PLO and pro-Jordanian sympathy locally , and chose from their ranks a suitable candidate to reflect opinion in the voting population .
many of these families carefully weighed the balance of pro-plo and pro-jordanian sympathy locally , and chose from their ranks a suitable candidate to [think/show] opinion in the voting population .

What the murders did reflect in an odd way was the convulsing extremism — at both ends of a polarized spectrum — that existed between right and left , counter-culture and establishment , in 1969 , when Easy Rider was released .
what the murders did [think/show] in an odd way was the convulsing extremism — at both ends of a polarized spectrum — that existed between right and left , counter-culture and establishment , in 1969 , when easy rider was released .

There are also differences between various groups which reflect different immigration patterns .
there are also differences between various groups which [think/show] different immigration patterns .

If latent inhibition and habituation reflect the operation of a common mechanism , then procedural variations that modify the magnitude of one of these phenomena should have a similar effect on the other .
if latent inhibition and habituation [think/show] the operation of a common mechanism , then procedural variations that modify the magnitude of one of these phenomena should have a similar effect on the other .

Indeed , Braveman and Jarvis ( 1978 ) , having argued that their results imply separate mechanisms for the two phenomena , go on to acknowledge the possibility that their results might simply reflect the use of a test procedure that was less sensitive as a measure of conditioning than as a measure of neophobia .
indeed , braveman and jarvis ( 1978 ) , having argued that their results imply separate mechanisms for the two phenomena , go on to acknowledge the possibility that their results might simply [think/show] the use of a test procedure that was less sensitive as a measure of conditioning than as a measure of neophobia .

What is needed is evidence that the phenomena supposed to reflect different short-term and long-term processes respond differently to various procedural manipulations .
what is needed is evidence that the phenomena supposed to [think/show] different short-term and long-term processes respond differently to various procedural manipulations .

In a curious way , Gallup 's findings for the nation as a whole probably reflect the thinking of many individual voters .
in a curious way , gallup 's findings for the nation as a whole probably [think/show] the thinking of many individual voters .

Labour 's economic policies are wrong , not chiefly because they are still preoccupied with redistributing wealth ( although they are ) , but because they reflect Labour 's conviction that public rather than private spending offers a route to national prosperity .
labour 's economic policies are wrong , not chiefly because they are still preoccupied with redistributing wealth ( although they are ) , but because they [think/show] labour 's conviction that public rather than private spending offers a route to national prosperity .

The courses will reflect changes made by the national curriculum in order to reduce the amount of internally-assessed coursework allowed in English exams .
the courses will [think/show] changes made by the national curriculum in order to reduce the amount of internally-assessed coursework allowed in english exams .

If the polls accurately reflect voting intentions across the country , then a hung Parliament is the most likely outcome .
if the polls accurately [think/show] voting intentions across the country , then a hung parliament is the most likely outcome .

Of the way that stations such as Inverness still remarkably reflect their region 's economy .
of the way that stations such as inverness still remarkably [think/show] their region 's economy .

One thing is certain : further changes in the 1990s will reflect the role of the railway as a business out there in a hard , competitive world .
one thing is certain : further changes in the 1990s will [think/show] the role of the railway as a business out there in a hard , competitive world .

Crime and Punishment did not merely reflect or even confirm that strange and removed elsewhere , the world journalists write about .
crime and punishment did not merely [think/show] or even confirm that strange and removed elsewhere , the world journalists write about .

All will have a common question-and-answer format , designed to be ‘ user friendly ’ , and all will reflect the emphasis upon user involvement which runs throughout the community care proposals .
all will have a common question-and-answer format , designed to be ‘ user friendly ’ , and all will [think/show] the emphasis upon user involvement which runs throughout the community care proposals .

Labour law will always reflect the balance of power in society , and a fully fledged labour court system will not remove class and fundamental employer-employee differences .
labour law will always [think/show] the balance of power in society , and a fully fledged labour court system will not remove class and fundamental employer-employee differences .

Indeed , if we as a magazine were to reflect accurately the role of ‘ traditional ’ design relative to its actual usage , we might manage about one page per issue .
indeed , if we as a magazine were to [think/show] accurately the role of ‘ traditional ’ design relative to its actual usage , we might manage about one page per issue .

If discourses articulate concepts through a system or signs which signify by means or their relationship to each other rather than to entities in the world , and ir literature is a signifying practice , all it can reflect is the order inscribed in particular discourses , not the nature or the world .
if discourses articulate concepts through a system or signs which signify by means or their relationship to each other rather than to entities in the world , and ir literature is a signifying practice , all it can [think/show] is the order inscribed in particular discourses , not the nature or the world .

Choreographers have never disdained to use popular music for their everincreasing audiences and they realise that they should reflect popular taste .
choreographers have never disdained to use popular music for their everincreasing audiences and they realise that they should [think/show] popular taste .

Firstly , the style used should reflect something of the period and quality of the chosen score ; secondly , the dance should reveal something of its technical construction ; thirdly , the movements should parallel the composer 's treatment and development of the various episodes and the orchestration .
firstly , the style used should [think/show] something of the period and quality of the chosen score ; secondly , the dance should reveal something of its technical construction ; thirdly , the movements should parallel the composer 's treatment and development of the various episodes and the orchestration .

Whereas Symphonic Variations flows onwards in simple serenity , Ashton , following Rachmaninov , here uses an enormous variety of steps and constantly changes the choreographic phrasing to reflect the increasing or diminishing sounds and to match the tempi of the melody , in order to give his enchaînements light and shade and to indicate the sheer complexity of the orchestration .
whereas symphonic variations flows onwards in simple serenity , ashton , following rachmaninov , here uses an enormous variety of steps and constantly changes the choreographic phrasing to [think/show] the increasing or diminishing sounds and to match the tempi of the melody , in order to give his enchaînements light and shade and to indicate the sheer complexity of the orchestration .

In these he has tried to reflect not only the period in which their music was written but also to devise a particular way of dancing inspired by the structure and tone of the particular piece of music ( see page 41 ) .
in these he has tried to [think/show] not only the period in which their music was written but also to devise a particular way of dancing inspired by the structure and tone of the particular piece of music ( see page 41 ) .

It will not reflect the beliefs , behaviour , problems , wars and evil forces which give such colour and life to the narrative .
it will not [think/show] the beliefs , behaviour , problems , wars and evil forces which give such colour and life to the narrative .

Not only do they reflect the significance of each part of the ancient ritual , but also the solemn chant of the singers during the ceremonies and later the raucous shouts of the guests at the feast .
not only do they [think/show] the significance of each part of the ancient ritual , but also the solemn chant of the singers during the ceremonies and later the raucous shouts of the guests at the feast .

Second , the architecture should reflect that America 's security — politically , militarily and economically — remains linked to Europe 's .
second , the architecture should [think/show] that america 's security — politically , militarily and economically — remains linked to europe 's .

Property profits , £4.8million in the six months against £4.9 million last year , reflect the group 's continued wish to weed out unwanted retail premises which are not on prime town centre sites ..
property profits , £4.8million in the six months against £4.9 million last year , [think/show] the group 's continued wish to weed out unwanted retail premises which are not on prime town centre sites ..

The parole reforms will please the judges who believe time served should more closely reflect sentence given .
the parole reforms will please the judges who believe time served should more closely [think/show] sentence given .

Property profits , £4.8million in the six months against £4.9 million last year , reflect the group 's continued wish to weed out unwanted retail premises which are not on prime town centre sites ..
property profits , £4.8million in the six months against £4.9 million last year , [think/show] the group 's continued wish to weed out unwanted retail premises which are not on prime town centre sites ..

It can , of course , reflect managerial or technical shortcomings , the ‘ people gap ’ which is now being targeted .
it can , of course , [think/show] managerial or technical shortcomings , the ‘ people gap ’ which is now being targeted .

In broad terms , a high p/e ratio suggests a share is expensive ; a low one means it is cheap — although the p/e will also reflect not only next year 's likely performance but also the outlook for the company beyond that .
in broad terms , a high p/e ratio suggests a share is expensive ; a low one means it is cheap — although the p/e will also [think/show] not only next year 's likely performance but also the outlook for the company beyond that .

‘ But we do want to create a pattern of rent differentials that will reflect rather better the relative values of different houses and flats .
‘ but we do want to create a pattern of rent differentials that will [think/show] rather better the relative values of different houses and flats .

The code will not be binding , but broadcasters will be asked to ‘ reflect the general effect ’ relevant to the programmes in question .
the code will not be binding , but broadcasters will be asked to ‘ [think/show] the general effect ’ relevant to the programmes in question .

The code will not be binding , but broadcasters will be asked to ‘ reflect the general effect ’ relevant to the programmes in question .
the code will not be binding , but broadcasters will be asked to ‘ [think/show] the general effect ’ relevant to the programmes in question .

Its many alterations and additions reflect in stone and brick , the looms and busts at the woollen industry .
its many alterations and additions [think/show] in stone and brick , the looms and busts at the woollen industry .

Is the home culture and background reflected in the curriculum ? Has the school displays of materials including mother-tongue books that reflect the home culture ?
is the home culture and background reflected in the curriculum ? has the school displays of materials including mother-tongue books that [think/show] the home culture ?

Does it reflect the image of the caring school that we are trying to project ?
does it [think/show] the image of the caring school that we are trying to project ?

If something happens at the school or to someone associated with it which may reflect badly give facts but no opinions .
if something happens at the school or to someone associated with it which may [think/show] badly give facts but no opinions .

Finally , reflect , if you will , on how drastically humanity has changed the biosphere during its brief strut on the terrestrial stage ; one wonders how much of today 's microbial world we have ourselves created .
finally , [think/show] , if you will , on how drastically humanity has changed the biosphere during its brief strut on the terrestrial stage ; one wonders how much of today 's microbial world we have ourselves created .

The four symphonies written during this time reflect Italian influences in their design and content .
the four symphonies written during this time [think/show] italian influences in their design and content .

Vanessa 's drawings and paintings on the walls reflect intimate , domestic subjects : her own children , the Woolf 's spaniel Sally , and a tender portrait of Virginia herself .
vanessa 's drawings and paintings on the walls [think/show] intimate , domestic subjects : her own children , the woolf 's spaniel sally , and a tender portrait of virginia herself .

These grounds reflect some of the reasons some of the time for compiling records .
these grounds [think/show] some of the reasons some of the time for compiling records .

The part of the 1988 Act which has upset certain religious minorities has been section 8 ( 3 ) , which states that all religious syllabuses adopted on or after 29 September 1988 must ‘ reflect the fact that the religious traditions in Great Britain are in the main Christian whilst taking account of the teaching and practices of the other principal religions represented in Great Britain ’ .
the part of the 1988 act which has upset certain religious minorities has been section 8 ( 3 ) , which states that all religious syllabuses adopted on or after 29 september 1988 must ‘ [think/show] the fact that the religious traditions in great britain are in the main christian whilst taking account of the teaching and practices of the other principal religions represented in great britain ’ .

The pre-eminence apparently accorded to Christianity here may reflect the position in the country as a whole ; but it is easy to see how some religious groups would identify an implicit suggestion by the section that the other religious traditions in Great Britain are less important .
the pre-eminence apparently accorded to christianity here may [think/show] the position in the country as a whole ; but it is easy to see how some religious groups would identify an implicit suggestion by the section that the other religious traditions in great britain are less important .

The government chose to retain collective worship in schools , but to change the law to reflect ‘ present practice ’ in schools .
the government chose to retain collective worship in schools , but to change the law to [think/show] ‘ present practice ’ in schools .

Withdrawal of a pupil from sex education in fact presents schools with something of a dilemma — whether to accede to parental wishes , which may reflect the parent 's philosophical or religious convictions , or whether to make the welfare of the child the paramount consideration .
withdrawal of a pupil from sex education in fact presents schools with something of a dilemma — whether to accede to parental wishes , which may [think/show] the parent 's philosophical or religious convictions , or whether to make the welfare of the child the paramount consideration .

Accordingly , many of the poems that most reflect the 1740s and 1750s are not epistles … that is , not poems with an explicit audience and implicit social engagement … but soliloquies or lyrics , usually blank verse musings or odes addressed to personifications Leapor simply does not fit into such a view of the mid-eighteenth century .
accordingly , many of the poems that most [think/show] the 1740s and 1750s are not epistles … that is , not poems with an explicit audience and implicit social engagement … but soliloquies or lyrics , usually blank verse musings or odes addressed to personifications leapor simply does not fit into such a view of the mid-eighteenth century .

Leapor 's comments on the personal failings of her superiors in the Chauncy household often reflect a struggle for recognition as a poet .
leapor 's comments on the personal failings of her superiors in the chauncy household often [think/show] a struggle for recognition as a poet .

’ High perspective achieves an almost generalized view of land which can reflect an economic bias , Little attention is paid to the ‘ content ’ of landscapes as artists give ‘ … little evidence of caring that the topography … was a representation of the needs of the people who had created it .
’ high perspective achieves an almost generalized view of land which can [think/show] an economic bias , little attention is paid to the ‘ content ’ of landscapes as artists give ‘ … little evidence of caring that the topography … was a representation of the needs of the people who had created it .

He captured her in a variety of poses and moods which reflect her many facets : as a grande dame in a hat and fur collar ; as a great courtesan — ‘ Madam Pompadour ’ he called the painting , perhaps deliberately mis-spelling it ; in a wicker chair ; demure in front of the piano ; and he sketched her all the time , with quick , deft strokes .
he captured her in a variety of poses and moods which [think/show] her many facets : as a grande dame in a hat and fur collar ; as a great courtesan — ‘ madam pompadour ’ he called the painting , perhaps deliberately mis-spelling it ; in a wicker chair ; demure in front of the piano ; and he sketched her all the time , with quick , deft strokes .

demonstrating an increasing ability to evaluate and to reflect ;
demonstrating an increasing ability to evaluate and to [think/show] ;

increasingly adjusting language and delivery to suit audience and purpose , and being able — as an audience for others — to understand , respond to and reflect on correspondingly wider modes of address ;
increasingly adjusting language and delivery to suit audience and purpose , and being able — as an audience for others — to understand , respond to and [think/show] on correspondingly wider modes of address ;

It may be used , for example , to persuade ; to explain ; to instruct ; to entertain ; to narrate ; to speculate ; to argue a case ; to report ; to describe ; to find out ; to clarify or explore an issue ; to solve a problem ; to interpret ; to summarise ; to evaluate ; to reflect ; to announce ; to criticise and to respond to criticism .
it may be used , for example , to persuade ; to explain ; to instruct ; to entertain ; to narrate ; to speculate ; to argue a case ; to report ; to describe ; to find out ; to clarify or explore an issue ; to solve a problem ; to interpret ; to summarise ; to evaluate ; to [think/show] ; to announce ; to criticise and to respond to criticism .

by informal and indirect means , develop pupils ' ability to adjust the language they use and its delivery to suit particular audiences , purposes and contexts and , when listening to others , to respond to different ways of talking in different contexts and for different purposes . Pupils should therefore be encouraged to reflect on and evaluate their use of spoken language and to reformulate it to help the listener ;
by informal and indirect means , develop pupils ' ability to adjust the language they use and its delivery to suit particular audiences , purposes and contexts and , when listening to others , to respond to different ways of talking in different contexts and for different purposes . pupils should therefore be encouraged to [think/show] on and evaluate their use of spoken language and to reformulate it to help the listener ;

reflect on their own competence in the use of the spoken word ;
[think/show] on their own competence in the use of the spoken word ;

oral assessment methods should both reflect and promote the variety of classroom activities recommended in this Report ;
oral assessment methods should both [think/show] and promote the variety of classroom activities recommended in this report ;

17.32 Development in attainment target 3 is marked by : increasing control over the structure and organisation of different types of text ; a growing ability to handle complex or demanding subject matter ; a widening range of syntactic structures and an expanding vocabulary as the pupil begins to use language that is characteristic of writing rather than speech and to strive for a style that is appropriate to the subject matter and the readership ; a growing capacity to write independently and at length ; an increasing proficiency in re-reading and revising or redrafting the text , taking into account the needs of the audience ; a developing ability to reflect on and talk about the writing process .
17.32 development in attainment target 3 is marked by : increasing control over the structure and organisation of different types of text ; a growing ability to handle complex or demanding subject matter ; a widening range of syntactic structures and an expanding vocabulary as the pupil begins to use language that is characteristic of writing rather than speech and to strive for a style that is appropriate to the subject matter and the readership ; a growing capacity to write independently and at length ; an increasing proficiency in re-reading and revising or redrafting the text , taking into account the needs of the audience ; a developing ability to [think/show] on and talk about the writing process .

Recognise that where words have been borrowed in the last 400 years , there are some characteristic sound-symbol relationships that reflect the word 's origin , eg ch- in French words like champagne , chauffeur , charade , and ch- in Greek words like chaos , chiropody , chorus , compared with ch- in long-established English words like chaff , cheese , chin .
recognise that where words have been borrowed in the last 400 years , there are some characteristic sound-symbol relationships that [think/show] the word 's origin , eg ch- in french words like champagne , chauffeur , charade , and ch- in greek words like chaos , chiropody , chorus , compared with ch- in long-established english words like chaff , cheese , chin .

an ability to reflect on and talk about the writing process .
an ability to [think/show] on and talk about the writing process .

They should also recognise that writing is often more formal and more impersonal than speech : lexical and grammatical features of language both reflect and create these contrasts .
they should also recognise that writing is often more formal and more impersonal than speech : lexical and grammatical features of language both [think/show] and create these contrasts .

17.61 Those aspects of the targets which relate to the writing process , as distinct from the product , should be covered by mainly internal assessment — for example , probing pupils ' ability to reflect upon and discuss the organisation of their own writing .
17.61 those aspects of the targets which relate to the writing process , as distinct from the product , should be covered by mainly internal assessment — for example , probing pupils ' ability to [think/show] upon and discuss the organisation of their own writing .

In order to make available a single comprehensive Report covering the English curriculum for the whole period of compulsory schooling , we have included in this Report material from our first Report — revised and extended to reflect the needs of the secondary curriculum or to present our arguments more clearly .
in order to make available a single comprehensive report covering the english curriculum for the whole period of compulsory schooling , we have included in this report material from our first report — revised and extended to [think/show] the needs of the secondary curriculum or to present our arguments more clearly .

Changes within the institutions which influence values are taking place and , in general , reflect a gradual shift towards the values of contemporary capitalist societies , corresponding to the process outlined in the previous chapter of incorporating peripheral groups into society .
changes within the institutions which influence values are taking place and , in general , [think/show] a gradual shift towards the values of contemporary capitalist societies , corresponding to the process outlined in the previous chapter of incorporating peripheral groups into society .

Certainly , the Palestinian Arabs can reflect that when Roberts drew Jerusalem , the Jewish population of the land can have numbered scarcely 10 per cent of the total .
certainly , the palestinian arabs can [think/show] that when roberts drew jerusalem , the jewish population of the land can have numbered scarcely 10 per cent of the total .

The arbitrator 's decision is meant to be based on the other reasons , to sum them up and to reflect their outcome .
the arbitrator 's decision is meant to be based on the other reasons , to sum them up and to [think/show] their outcome .

Remember also that the thesis is not that authoritative determinations are binding only if they correctly reflect the reasons on which they depend .
remember also that the thesis is not that authoritative determinations are binding only if they correctly [think/show] the reasons on which they depend .

Its claim is that their actions should reflect reasons which apply also to their subjects , but these need not be reasons advancing their interests .
its claim is that their actions should [think/show] reasons which apply also to their subjects , but these need not be reasons advancing their interests .

All it requires is that its instructions will reflect the reasons which apply to its subjects , i.e .
all it requires is that its instructions will [think/show] the reasons which apply to its subjects , i.e .

Sometimes the best way to reach decisions which reflect the reasons which apply to the subjects is to adopt an indirect strategy and follow rules and considerations which do not themselves apply to the authority 's subjects .
sometimes the best way to reach decisions which [think/show] the reasons which apply to the subjects is to adopt an indirect strategy and follow rules and considerations which do not themselves apply to the authority 's subjects .

Reliance on such considerations is justified if and to the extent that they enable authorities to reach decisions which , when taken as a whole , better reflect the reasons which apply to the subjects .
reliance on such considerations is justified if and to the extent that they enable authorities to reach decisions which , when taken as a whole , better [think/show] the reasons which apply to the subjects .

Even while authoritative actions reflect the subjects ' reasons , indeed in order that they should do so , they may well lead to different outcomes on particular occasions , and that without being in any way wrong or mistaken on those occasions .
even while authoritative actions [think/show] the subjects ' reasons , indeed in order that they should do so , they may well lead to different outcomes on particular occasions , and that without being in any way wrong or mistaken on those occasions .

Because authorities do not have the right to impose completely independent duties on people , because their directives should reflect dependent reasons which are binding on those people in any case , they have the right to replace people 's own judgment on the merits of the case .
because authorities do not have the right to impose completely independent duties on people , because their directives should [think/show] dependent reasons which are binding on those people in any case , they have the right to replace people 's own judgment on the merits of the case .

those which correctly reflect the balance of reasons on which they depend .
those which correctly [think/show] the balance of reasons on which they depend .

But , a common objection goes , the thesis can not justify pre-empting reasons which the authority was meant to reflect correctly and failed to reflect .
but , a common objection goes , the thesis can not justify pre-empting reasons which the authority was meant to [think/show] correctly and failed to [think/show] .

Reasons which authoritative directives should , but fail to , reflect are none the less among the reasons which justify holding the directives binding .
reasons which authoritative directives should , but fail to , [think/show] are none the less among the reasons which justify holding the directives binding .

every time it fails to reflect reason correctly , it were open to challenge as mistaken , the advantage gained by accepting the authority as a more reliable and successful guide to right reason would disappear .
every time it fails to [think/show] reason correctly , it were open to challenge as mistaken , the advantage gained by accepting the authority as a more reliable and successful guide to right reason would disappear .

It says that in every case authoritative directives can be overridden or disregarded if they deviate much from the reasons which they are meant to reflect .
it says that in every case authoritative directives can be overridden or disregarded if they deviate much from the reasons which they are meant to [think/show] .

This was an attempt to provide a readable , reasonably objective report of the event which would reflect both sides of the argument ( and with gossip and humour thrown in to lighten the load ) .
this was an attempt to provide a readable , reasonably objective report of the event which would [think/show] both sides of the argument ( and with gossip and humour thrown in to lighten the load ) .

Pilgrims of the primordial , we go to reflect on our birth .
pilgrims of the primordial , we go to [think/show] on our birth .

Certain nineteenth-century paintings — Manet 's On the Beach at Boulogne and Degas 's At the Seaside — obliquely reflect the colonization of Hawaii .
certain nineteenth-century paintings — manet 's on the beach at boulogne and degas 's at the seaside — obliquely [think/show] the colonization of hawaii .

The duty of the police when they arrest without warrant is , no doubt , to be quick to see the possibility of crime , but equally they ought to be anxious to avoid mistaking the innocent for the guilty … They may have to act on the spur of the moment and have no time to reflect and be bound , therefore , to arrest to prevent escape ; but where there is no danger of the person who has ex hypothesi aroused their suspicion that he probably is an ‘ offender ’ attempting to escape , they should make all presently practicable enquiries from persons present or immediately accessible who are likely to be able to answer their enquiries forthwith .
the duty of the police when they arrest without warrant is , no doubt , to be quick to see the possibility of crime , but equally they ought to be anxious to avoid mistaking the innocent for the guilty … they may have to act on the spur of the moment and have no time to [think/show] and be bound , therefore , to arrest to prevent escape ; but where there is no danger of the person who has ex hypothesi aroused their suspicion that he probably is an ‘ offender ’ attempting to escape , they should make all presently practicable enquiries from persons present or immediately accessible who are likely to be able to answer their enquiries forthwith .

His fellow judges disagreed with Lord Denning and his opinions probably do not reflect the law , though the emergence of such views from a source so eminent as Lord Denning demonstrates clearly the common law 's culture of uncertainty , within which repressive rules can emerge without embarrassment .
his fellow judges disagreed with lord denning and his opinions probably do not [think/show] the law , though the emergence of such views from a source so eminent as lord denning demonstrates clearly the common law 's culture of uncertainty , within which repressive rules can emerge without embarrassment .

It must ( 1 ) reflect the colours of the costumes ; ( 2 ) be abstract , using plant forms etc ; ( 3 ) be very symbolical of birth etc .
it must ( 1 ) [think/show] the colours of the costumes ; ( 2 ) be abstract , using plant forms etc ; ( 3 ) be very symbolical of birth etc .

This is thought to reflect our evolutionary history in that as the head became larger , the development of the anterior somites was modified .
this is thought to [think/show] our evolutionary history in that as the head became larger , the development of the anterior somites was modified .

The patterns largely reflect the distribution of pigment-containing cells , but some of the colours , like the blues of the peacock 's tail , come from the way the structure of the feathers refracts light .
the patterns largely [think/show] the distribution of pigment-containing cells , but some of the colours , like the blues of the peacock 's tail , come from the way the structure of the feathers refracts light .

The real value of the results actually achieved has been a most gratifying surprise to everyone concerned , and it is easy , after the event , to reflect wisely upon the fact that a large percentage of the men must have served a long and painful apprenticeship , whilst on Military Service , to the art of transforming swamps into ‘ better 'oles ’ .
the real value of the results actually achieved has been a most gratifying surprise to everyone concerned , and it is easy , after the event , to [think/show] wisely upon the fact that a large percentage of the men must have served a long and painful apprenticeship , whilst on military service , to the art of transforming swamps into ‘ better 'oles ’ .

Such latent knowledge is not at all surprising , if we reflect on the amazing complications of the rules of syntax , of constructing intelligible sentences , including the use of tenses , negatives , hypotheticals , which children pick up between the ages of 18 months and 4 or 5 , generally without any teaching at all .
such latent knowledge is not at all surprising , if we [think/show] on the amazing complications of the rules of syntax , of constructing intelligible sentences , including the use of tenses , negatives , hypotheticals , which children pick up between the ages of 18 months and 4 or 5 , generally without any teaching at all .

Armed with spears and swords they reflect the style of Rodrigo 's army .
armed with spears and swords they [think/show] the style of rodrigo 's army .

Their armour and weapons reflect perfectly the influence of both Christian and Moorish arms .
their armour and weapons [think/show] perfectly the influence of both christian and moorish arms .

This last speciality may reflect the much earlier skills of the Franks , the Frankish swords were of such good quality that the Emperor Charlemagne issued an edict that they were not to be exported .
this last speciality may [think/show] the much earlier skills of the franks , the frankish swords were of such good quality that the emperor charlemagne issued an edict that they were not to be exported .

If you reflect for a moment on which areas are likely to have rocks under tension , and where cracking and dyke intrusion are likely , you will realize that the mid-ocean ridges are hot favourites for this kind of activity .
if you [think/show] for a moment on which areas are likely to have rocks under tension , and where cracking and dyke intrusion are likely , you will realize that the mid-ocean ridges are hot favourites for this kind of activity .

All the differences that have been discussed between basalts , andesites and rhyolites fundamentally reflect their differences in composition , and this in turn is a function of the geological environment in which the lavas occur .
all the differences that have been discussed between basalts , andesites and rhyolites fundamentally [think/show] their differences in composition , and this in turn is a function of the geological environment in which the lavas occur .

It is arbitrary , irrational , and does not reflect any principle .
it is arbitrary , irrational , and does not [think/show] any principle .

You may reflect on what influence this financial pressure , in addition to all the other pressures he 'd have felt , would have had on his will to ’ live .
you may [think/show] on what influence this financial pressure , in addition to all the other pressures he 'd have felt , would have had on his will to ’ live .

As you walk around the outside , look for any defects which may reflect themselves internally .
as you walk around the outside , look for any defects which may [think/show] themselves internally .

The essays in this book do not present a monolithic view , and they reflect widely differing perspectives .
the essays in this book do not present a monolithic view , and they [think/show] widely differing perspectives .

that the riots did not reflect a failure to carry out the ‘ urgent programme of action ’ recommended by Lord Scarman in 1981 , but were the outcome of a spiralling wave of crime and disorder in inner-city areas .
that the riots did not [think/show] a failure to carry out the ‘ urgent programme of action ’ recommended by lord scarman in 1981 , but were the outcome of a spiralling wave of crime and disorder in inner-city areas .

Adjustments to 1991 's figures have been made wherever possible to reflect gross revenues .
adjustments to 1991 's figures have been made wherever possible to [think/show] gross revenues .

Comparative figures for 1990 have been restated to reflect additional information received and the 1990 figures in the audited accounts .
comparative figures for 1990 have been restated to [think/show] additional information received and the 1990 figures in the audited accounts .

Meanwhile the county has revalued its assets to reflect its long lease and the planning consents obtained .
meanwhile the county has revalued its assets to [think/show] its long lease and the planning consents obtained .

As one sided as the result of the third match was , the margin did no accurately reflect a gripping struggle at the start of the West Indies innings .
as one sided as the result of the third match was , the margin did no accurately [think/show] a gripping struggle at the start of the west indies innings .

Now he has time on his hands to reflect on a career which started so promisingly when he made his Worcestershire debut while still at Malvern College in 1982 , but never lived up to those aforementioned expectations simply because of injury .
now he has time on his hands to [think/show] on a career which started so promisingly when he made his worcestershire debut while still at malvern college in 1982 , but never lived up to those aforementioned expectations simply because of injury .

Fixing aluminium foil behind radiators , dull side against the wall , helps to reflect heat outwards , instead of letting it be absorbed by the wall .
fixing aluminium foil behind radiators , dull side against the wall , helps to [think/show] heat outwards , instead of letting it be absorbed by the wall .

Keeping your home clean will imbue you with a sense of virtue and pride in it , which will reflect positively on your own mood .
keeping your home clean will imbue you with a sense of virtue and pride in it , which will [think/show] positively on your own mood .

Erotic publications and artefacts ‘ reflect and celebrate the sexual nature and life of men and women ’ in the context of the total human personality ( a definition usefully extended by Williams in observing that the purpose of the erotic is primarily to express sexual excitement rather than to cause it ) .
erotic publications and artefacts ‘ [think/show] and celebrate the sexual nature and life of men and women ’ in the context of the total human personality ( a definition usefully extended by williams in observing that the purpose of the erotic is primarily to express sexual excitement rather than to cause it ) .

However , the Younger Committee argued that such a topic as privacy , which can be subject to rapid changes in social convention , was probably best not regulated on the basis of the slow build-up of case law , which would always tend to reflect the values of an earlier period rather than of contemporary society .
however , the younger committee argued that such a topic as privacy , which can be subject to rapid changes in social convention , was probably best not regulated on the basis of the slow build-up of case law , which would always tend to [think/show] the values of an earlier period rather than of contemporary society .

The first five minutes is to enable you to reflect on the candidate who has left and to jot down any opinions and comments which are fresh in your mind .
the first five minutes is to enable you to [think/show] on the candidate who has left and to jot down any opinions and comments which are fresh in your mind .

Water , sand and concrete all reflect a high proportion of UV-light .
water , sand and concrete all [think/show] a high proportion of uv-light .

Yet this begs the question of how policy initiatives should be assessed , given that they regularly embody flawed conceptualisations of urban crisis , were created in contentious circumstances and reflect spatial realisations of a political agenda as much as objectively circumscribed social problems .
yet this begs the question of how policy initiatives should be assessed , given that they regularly embody flawed conceptualisations of urban crisis , were created in contentious circumstances and [think/show] spatial realisations of a political agenda as much as objectively circumscribed social problems .

Regardless of how diverse the local population or economy is in each neighbourhood , the neighbourhood planner has not sought to ensure even representation and , indeed , in most cases representation did not reflect the local socio-economic profiles .
regardless of how diverse the local population or economy is in each neighbourhood , the neighbourhood planner has not sought to ensure even representation and , indeed , in most cases representation did not [think/show] the local socio-economic profiles .

Three bands for the lower end of the market will also be launched , to reflect the diversity of Forte 's 8,000 hotels across 32 countries .
three bands for the lower end of the market will also be launched , to [think/show] the diversity of forte 's 8,000 hotels across 32 countries .

The real wage in itself does not fully reflect the true cost of labour to employers .
the real wage in itself does not fully [think/show] the true cost of labour to employers .

This means that to calculate a more useful index , we should ‘ weight ’ the unit prices of each item in such a way that the weights reflect the relative importance of each item in the average family 's budget .
this means that to calculate a more useful index , we should ‘ weight ’ the unit prices of each item in such a way that the weights [think/show] the relative importance of each item in the average family 's budget .

The child 's willingness to talk about his family and his home , however , will be much more likely to reflect his own individual circumstance .
the child 's willingness to talk about his family and his home , however , will be much more likely to [think/show] his own individual circumstance .

Children also like to paint their family or part of it , they do not necessarily show the correct number in the family or reflect gradations in size .
children also like to paint their family or part of it , they do not necessarily show the correct number in the family or [think/show] gradations in size .

The kind of things that they make may reflect ideas that they encounter in stories , rhymes or visits .
the kind of things that they make may [think/show] ideas that they encounter in stories , rhymes or visits .

They did not reflect that they were young , they did not know that they were beautiful .
they did not [think/show] that they were young , they did not know that they were beautiful .

But of course it is perfectly possible for Bristol graduates who are members of Senate to reflect a Convocation view there .
but of course it is perfectly possible for bristol graduates who are members of senate to [think/show] a convocation view there .

Perhaps after considering the slave trade , religious oppression , or even just the growth of Bristol as a great commercial city , the armchair historian would be happy to settle down with Anne Crawford on Bristol and the Wine Trade and reflect that not all the vices on which Bristol is founded are entirely a bad thing .
perhaps after considering the slave trade , religious oppression , or even just the growth of bristol as a great commercial city , the armchair historian would be happy to settle down with anne crawford on bristol and the wine trade and [think/show] that not all the vices on which bristol is founded are entirely a bad thing .

The conformation should reflect the breed 's dual-purpose nature , and quality is more important than size .
the conformation should [think/show] the breed 's dual-purpose nature , and quality is more important than size .

To the trained eye , these patterns reflect the emotional and physical state of the individual and can be used as a diagnostic tool .
to the trained eye , these patterns [think/show] the emotional and physical state of the individual and can be used as a diagnostic tool .

The attitudes which dominate any society usually reflect the interests of the most powerful and influential social groups .
the attitudes which dominate any society usually [think/show] the interests of the most powerful and influential social groups .

Thoughtful people reflect on their own racism and sexism with real anxiety because these are matters that affect the way we relate to others .
thoughtful people [think/show] on their own racism and sexism with real anxiety because these are matters that affect the way we relate to others .

The accompanying report summarises other related research : ‘ These images of older persons as clinging to the past and as being resistant to change reflect two widely-held assumptions about ageing .
the accompanying report summarises other related research : ‘ these images of older persons as clinging to the past and as being resistant to change [think/show] two widely-held assumptions about ageing .

It is likely that these perceptions of health reflect expectations that a high degree of ill health and discomfort should be accepted in old age .
it is likely that these perceptions of health [think/show] expectations that a high degree of ill health and discomfort should be accepted in old age .

The concerns of older people about their future health care probably reflect beliefs about modern medicine and priorities within the medical profession .
the concerns of older people about their future health care probably [think/show] beliefs about modern medicine and priorities within the medical profession .

Of course they not only reflect ageism in society but help to reinforce it and make it acceptable .
of course they not only [think/show] ageism in society but help to reinforce it and make it acceptable .

’ Depth is acquired partly by learning to be reflective , taking time to reflect on the world around us and how we spend our lives .
’ depth is acquired partly by learning to be reflective , taking time to [think/show] on the world around us and how we spend our lives .

Some find it helpful to reflect last thing at night as a prayerful self-examination e.g.
some find it helpful to [think/show] last thing at night as a prayerful self-examination e.g.

Sir , — Now that the dust has finally settled on this election we may pause to reflect on what has undoubtedly been one of the dirtiest , and most depressing of exercises in political chicanery .
sir , — now that the dust has finally settled on this election we may pause to [think/show] on what has undoubtedly been one of the dirtiest , and most depressing of exercises in political chicanery .

Recent books by McKee and Usherwood reflect typical preoccupations .
recent books by mckee and usherwood [think/show] typical preoccupations .

Fourthly , the need for collections to reflect the full range of materials available within the priority areas chosen .
fourthly , the need for collections to [think/show] the full range of materials available within the priority areas chosen .

The dependence here upon existing stock sizes is an obvious disadvantage , and can be counterbalanced to some extent by allocating on the basis of use — though even this will in part at least reflect existing conditions .
the dependence here upon existing stock sizes is an obvious disadvantage , and can be counterbalanced to some extent by allocating on the basis of use — though even this will in part at least [think/show] existing conditions .

An important point is that nearly all the methods which measure use must by definition relate to use of libraries ' existing collections , and thus reflect their existing limitations .
an important point is that nearly all the methods which measure use must by definition relate to use of libraries ' existing collections , and thus [think/show] their existing limitations .

The method seems quite popular , and usually seems to reflect the pattern of use whilst seriously underestimating the amount .
the method seems quite popular , and usually seems to [think/show] the pattern of use whilst seriously underestimating the amount .

Few , however , reflect the kind of commitment to effective professional service which inspired McClellan 's system in the borough of Tottenham in the 1950s .
few , however , [think/show] the kind of commitment to effective professional service which inspired mcclellan 's system in the borough of tottenham in the 1950s .

Librarians need to know how comprehensive are suppliers ' approval collections , databases and listings , and to evaluate how far suppliers ' showroom stocks — and stock revision lists reflect ‘ the best ’ of what is available in print ( rather than collections of publishers ' cast-offs ) .
librarians need to know how comprehensive are suppliers ' approval collections , databases and listings , and to evaluate how far suppliers ' showroom stocks — and stock revision lists [think/show] ‘ the best ’ of what is available in print ( rather than collections of publishers ' cast-offs ) .

Consideration should be given by government to modifying the composition of National Park Committees in order to increase nominated member representation ( to better reflect the national interest ) and to eliminate any single interest group domination .
consideration should be given by government to modifying the composition of national park committees in order to increase nominated member representation ( to better [think/show] the national interest ) and to eliminate any single interest group domination .

In practice , you will seldom find it easy to show that you have suffered in that way and , in particular , you are not entitled to compensation to reflect the emotional distress than an unjust dismissal may well cause both you and your family .
in practice , you will seldom find it easy to show that you have suffered in that way and , in particular , you are not entitled to compensation to [think/show] the emotional distress than an unjust dismissal may well cause both you and your family .

The High Court sought to make the final damages reflect Mr Shove 's actual loss .
the high court sought to make the final damages [think/show] mr shove 's actual loss .

This is another example of the way in which damages are intended to reflect only what you have really lost .
this is another example of the way in which damages are intended to [think/show] only what you have really lost .

Finally , the thoughts of the two poets tended towards a volume of another kind , which would reflect the poetic concerns of their many conversations since the beginning of the Alfoxden year .
finally , the thoughts of the two poets tended towards a volume of another kind , which would [think/show] the poetic concerns of their many conversations since the beginning of the alfoxden year .

Obviously the candidate will complete this section , but if he were to reflect honestly on his work and what he was allowed to do then his response would not advance his cause .
obviously the candidate will complete this section , but if he were to [think/show] honestly on his work and what he was allowed to do then his response would not advance his cause .

It is also worth noting that , as the analysts became immersed in the detailed examination , there was a tendency to forget that this was still part of the systems thinking stage , and that the models , activities and related information needs were those that were desirable in systems terms , and not did not necessarily reflect the real situation .
it is also worth noting that , as the analysts became immersed in the detailed examination , there was a tendency to forget that this was still part of the systems thinking stage , and that the models , activities and related information needs were those that were desirable in systems terms , and not did not necessarily [think/show] the real situation .

As with all systems exercises , because the model does not reflect functional groupings that have evolved for administrative convenience or other reasons , making the link between the model and the organisation was problematic .
as with all systems exercises , because the model does not [think/show] functional groupings that have evolved for administrative convenience or other reasons , making the link between the model and the organisation was problematic .

The system model , although not intended to reflect ideal functional groupings , also indicated that a sub-division of activities to those directly concerned with course delivery ( ie the operational functions ) , and those concerned with non-teaching tasks ( ie the support functions ) , was appropriate to align systemically-related activities .
the system model , although not intended to [think/show] ideal functional groupings , also indicated that a sub-division of activities to those directly concerned with course delivery ( ie the operational functions ) , and those concerned with non-teaching tasks ( ie the support functions ) , was appropriate to align systemically-related activities .

In terms of priorities , the client was advised to consider first the changes required to reflect the responsibilities that would be assumed from April 1st 1990 , accepting that , in the longer term , further changes would be needed as a result of management information and computer system developments , and to improve cost control and income-generating activities .
in terms of priorities , the client was advised to consider first the changes required to [think/show] the responsibilities that would be assumed from april 1st 1990 , accepting that , in the longer term , further changes would be needed as a result of management information and computer system developments , and to improve cost control and income-generating activities .

It was also agreed that , once the changes implied by these actions were effective in each College , further measures would be taken to reflect the computer developments and to address the issue of adjusting finance in relation to actual costs ( ie by enhancing cost-control and income-generating activities ) so that the Colleges could move towards the state of financial equilibrium implied by the system models .
it was also agreed that , once the changes implied by these actions were effective in each college , further measures would be taken to [think/show] the computer developments and to address the issue of adjusting finance in relation to actual costs ( ie by enhancing cost-control and income-generating activities ) so that the colleges could move towards the state of financial equilibrium implied by the system models .

Following the systems exercise and a full report to the client , the structures at two Colleges were examined in detail and revisions made to reflect the new requirements .
following the systems exercise and a full report to the client , the structures at two colleges were examined in detail and revisions made to [think/show] the new requirements .

As a guide to construction , these pictures should reflect relevant structures and processes , and give an overview of the climate of the particular situation being addressed , together with any issues that are pertinent at the time of the analysis .
as a guide to construction , these pictures should [think/show] relevant structures and processes , and give an overview of the climate of the particular situation being addressed , together with any issues that are pertinent at the time of the analysis .

Bear in mind that issues should reflect fundamental concerns ( in relation to the level of study ) , and might also include those problems that arise frequently , or are in vogue at the time of the study .
bear in mind that issues should [think/show] fundamental concerns ( in relation to the level of study ) , and might also include those problems that arise frequently , or are in vogue at the time of the study .

When using the pictures as the basis for discussion with the client or representatives , be conscious of the sensitivity of any comments or issues that they reflect .
when using the pictures as the basis for discussion with the client or representatives , be conscious of the sensitivity of any comments or issues that they [think/show] .

System models are seldom synonymous with organisational structures or functional groupings , and high-level models reflect what is being achieved rather than the manner of achieving it ( ie how this is done ) .
system models are seldom synonymous with organisational structures or functional groupings , and high-level models [think/show] what is being achieved rather than the manner of achieving it ( ie how this is done ) .

Firstly , Working Paper 5 ( para 1.6 ) states that ‘ Authorities will need to keep asset registers and calculate capital charges for each functional unit so that budgetary and costing systems also reflect managerial responsibility for assets ’ .
firstly , working paper 5 ( para 1.6 ) states that ‘ authorities will need to keep asset registers and calculate capital charges for each functional unit so that budgetary and costing systems also [think/show] managerial responsibility for assets ’ .

Despite this forthright tone , later parts of the document point out that ‘ the scheme will be structured in a way that patients will always get the drugs they need ’ and that ‘ it will ensure that budgets reflect the costs of patients needing a greater volume of drugs or more expensive drugs … ’ ‘ so that there will be no disincentive to practices to accept such patients or to begin to prescribe expensive medicine to such patients , if there is a clinical need to do so ’ .
despite this forthright tone , later parts of the document point out that ‘ the scheme will be structured in a way that patients will always get the drugs they need ’ and that ‘ it will ensure that budgets [think/show] the costs of patients needing a greater volume of drugs or more expensive drugs … ’ ‘ so that there will be no disincentive to practices to accept such patients or to begin to prescribe expensive medicine to such patients , if there is a clinical need to do so ’ .

As the process of contract specification develops , and the role of public health expands , so there exists the potential to alter current patterns of service to ones that may more appropriately reflect population need and assesses outcome .
as the process of contract specification develops , and the role of public health expands , so there exists the potential to alter current patterns of service to ones that may more appropriately [think/show] population need and assesses outcome .

But , as managers grapple with the unknown , they will need opportunities to reflect and share their experiences : action learning sets , time out events , case studies may be more appropriate here .
but , as managers grapple with the unknown , they will need opportunities to [think/show] and share their experiences : action learning sets , time out events , case studies may be more appropriate here .

They would have offered Scaevola little or no opportunity ( especially considering his notorious brevity ) to reflect on the workings of legacies if the case at hand was concerned with a trust .
they would have offered scaevola little or no opportunity ( especially considering his notorious brevity ) to [think/show] on the workings of legacies if the case at hand was concerned with a trust .

The linguistic phenomena we see in the texts reflect not classical fusion of law but post-classical confusion of language .
the linguistic phenomena we see in the texts [think/show] not classical fusion of law but post-classical confusion of language .

‘ Before you do , ’ said Epitot carefully , ‘ you may care to reflect upon the fact that thanks to your neglect of the most elementary precautions , you have permitted a homicidal maniac to molest the body of one of our countrymen . ’
‘ before you do , ’ said epitot carefully , ‘ you may care to [think/show] upon the fact that thanks to your neglect of the most elementary precautions , you have permitted a homicidal maniac to molest the body of one of our countrymen . ’

In years to come Karelius was often to reflect that this was the first time he had heard mention of the man whose destiny was to be so closely entwined with his own . ‘ Have they any idea who they 're looking for ? ’
in years to come karelius was often to [think/show] that this was the first time he had heard mention of the man whose destiny was to be so closely entwined with his own . ‘ have they any idea who they 're looking for ? ’

For example , in our group of students we would almost certainly know what sex they were , and we may feel that our sample of 1 in 5 should reflect this fact .
for example , in our group of students we would almost certainly know what sex they were , and we may feel that our sample of 1 in 5 should [think/show] this fact .

Try to reflect on the consequences , both for yourself and for others , of having taken each course of action .
try to [think/show] on the consequences , both for yourself and for others , of having taken each course of action .

Maybe not having what we crave for is exactly what we need for our development or to give us time and the space to reflect on what we truly want !
maybe not having what we crave for is exactly what we need for our development or to give us time and the space to [think/show] on what we truly want !

The bones that porcupines carry to their lairs have been shown to accurately reflect the medium to large mammal fauna present in the region ( Brain , 1981 ) , but small mammal bone is not represented .
the bones that porcupines carry to their lairs have been shown to accurately [think/show] the medium to large mammal fauna present in the region ( brain , 1981 ) , but small mammal bone is not represented .

Because predators always eat selectively , accumulations of their prey reflect the predators ' tastes rather than being a potentially accurate reflection of the living fauna from which they were derived .
because predators always eat selectively , accumulations of their prey [think/show] the predators ' tastes rather than being a potentially accurate reflection of the living fauna from which they were derived .

It should also remind them that present relationships of power and authority were evolved to reflect a diffused distribution of decision-making and an imprecise definition of curriculum .
it should also remind them that present relationships of power and authority were evolved to [think/show] a diffused distribution of decision-making and an imprecise definition of curriculum .

As McLean points out , under Mrs Thatcher , ‘ Legislative proposals tend to reflect undiluted political programmes rather than a compromise between competing interests .
as mclean points out , under mrs thatcher , ‘ legislative proposals tend to [think/show] undiluted political programmes rather than a compromise between competing interests .

To expect a national recipe fully to reflect the various needs and circumstances of an advanced industrial nation of over 55 million people and 25,000 schools is not realistic .
to expect a national recipe fully to [think/show] the various needs and circumstances of an advanced industrial nation of over 55 million people and 25,000 schools is not realistic .

To advise on the possible staging of the introduction of assessment , including testing to reflect the need for the process to be manageable and for teachers to be adequately trained .
to advise on the possible staging of the introduction of assessment , including testing to [think/show] the need for the process to be manageable and for teachers to be adequately trained .

Resisting the idea that results should somehow be ‘ doctored ’ to reflect such circumstances , the Group fell back on the suggestion that LEAs or governors might be expected to issue statements that would put the results of particular schools in the right context .
resisting the idea that results should somehow be ‘ doctored ’ to [think/show] such circumstances , the group fell back on the suggestion that leas or governors might be expected to issue statements that would put the results of particular schools in the right context .

Note that , roughly speaking , ( i ) ( ii ) and ( iii ) are means to ( iv ) ends which reflect the real purposes of the college ; and it is the ends , the most important elements which tend to get lost or blurred in the confusion of the standard , over-crowded subject-based curriculum .
note that , roughly speaking , ( i ) ( ii ) and ( iii ) are means to ( iv ) ends which [think/show] the real purposes of the college ; and it is the ends , the most important elements which tend to get lost or blurred in the confusion of the standard , over-crowded subject-based curriculum .

The proceeds of the Guaranteed Capital Bond will reflect the rate of tax on policyholders ' funds applicable to Life Insurance Companies on the maturity of the Bond .
the proceeds of the guaranteed capital bond will [think/show] the rate of tax on policyholders ' funds applicable to life insurance companies on the maturity of the bond .

This meant that our annual plan for the curriculum training days needed to recognise and reflect the training needs arising from the secondee 's work .
this meant that our annual plan for the curriculum training days needed to recognise and [think/show] the training needs arising from the secondee 's work .

Many teachers recognise that examinations do not measure experience and achievement ; they reflect the ability of the individual to respond to a number of questions , drawn from a substantial syllabus , at a particular time .
many teachers recognise that examinations do not measure experience and achievement ; they [think/show] the ability of the individual to respond to a number of questions , drawn from a substantial syllabus , at a particular time .

They do not even reflect the cognitive side of learning ; they are about the ability to recall and express accurately in a pressurised situation .
they do not even [think/show] the cognitive side of learning ; they are about the ability to recall and express accurately in a pressurised situation .

Secondment of business people to education brings gains for business and its understanding of educational settings and allows business people to reflect on how their expertise and resources might help education .
secondment of business people to education brings gains for business and its understanding of educational settings and allows business people to [think/show] on how their expertise and resources might help education .

Partnerships need guidance and support to help those involved to continually reflect on previous learning and to plan change on the basis of this reflection .
partnerships need guidance and support to help those involved to continually [think/show] on previous learning and to plan change on the basis of this reflection .

There was no time pressure , so the data should reflect considered judgements , rather than on-line processing .
there was no time pressure , so the data should [think/show] considered judgements , rather than on-line processing .

And the principles underlying it , despite short-term political bargaining over boundaries , were relatively simple , too : to have major services , councils had to have populations large enough to sustain an efficient delivery system ; to have strategic planning functions , still larger bodies were needed , to reflect the need to attract technically adequate staff and to interest political leaders of a sufficiently high calibre .
and the principles underlying it , despite short-term political bargaining over boundaries , were relatively simple , too : to have major services , councils had to have populations large enough to sustain an efficient delivery system ; to have strategic planning functions , still larger bodies were needed , to [think/show] the need to attract technically adequate staff and to interest political leaders of a sufficiently high calibre .

As Blunkett and Jackson ( 1987 , p. 113 ) put it , such differences ‘ reflect the responsibilities of different types of authority , their local economic structure and their political traditions ’ .
as blunkett and jackson ( 1987 , p. 113 ) put it , such differences ‘ [think/show] the responsibilities of different types of authority , their local economic structure and their political traditions ’ .

This choice will reflect both the values held and the stage the institution has reached .
this choice will [think/show] both the values held and the stage the institution has reached .

In order to understand the nature of the changes that are taking place following the Education Reform Act 1988 , and in particular the changing role of the local education authority , it is important to reflect briefly on the nature of relationships which have been established over many years .
in order to understand the nature of the changes that are taking place following the education reform act 1988 , and in particular the changing role of the local education authority , it is important to [think/show] briefly on the nature of relationships which have been established over many years .

Often the attitudes presented reflect the ‘ jobsworth ’ approach where the right to do the job .
often the attitudes presented [think/show] the ‘ jobsworth ’ approach where the right to do the job .

Many local-government officers experiencing the change brought about by recent legislation , are now beginning to reflect that culture .
many local-government officers experiencing the change brought about by recent legislation , are now beginning to [think/show] that culture .

However , it is from an understanding of some of the central issues embedded in these relationships that both schools and LEAs can reflect for the future .
however , it is from an understanding of some of the central issues embedded in these relationships that both schools and leas can [think/show] for the future .

The above examples seek to reflect the magnitude of the changes in systems and procedures that local government is having to come to terms with under differing sets of recent legislation .
the above examples seek to [think/show] the magnitude of the changes in systems and procedures that local government is having to come to terms with under differing sets of recent legislation .

The freedom to make expenditure decisions which reflect governors ' priorities is bound to lead to greater variations in patterns of expenditure .
the freedom to make expenditure decisions which [think/show] governors ' priorities is bound to lead to greater variations in patterns of expenditure .

For warm-weather walking , wear light-coloured clothes to reflect the heat and light , and if it is sunny , wear a brimmed hat .
for warm-weather walking , wear light-coloured clothes to [think/show] the heat and light , and if it is sunny , wear a brimmed hat .

Later , much later , Kelly was to reflect on how lucky she had been that day .
later , much later , kelly was to [think/show] on how lucky she had been that day .

Twenty leading British designers together with students from the Royal College of Art have been asked to draw upon the Collection and create dresses which reflect both the flamboyance and strict regulation which characterised Court dress .
twenty leading british designers together with students from the royal college of art have been asked to draw upon the collection and create dresses which [think/show] both the flamboyance and strict regulation which characterised court dress .

Browse in the gift shop or enjoy refreshment in the restaurant , and you can reflect for a few moments on how different things might have been without the events of 1066 .
browse in the gift shop or enjoy refreshment in the restaurant , and you can [think/show] for a few moments on how different things might have been without the events of 1066 .

Founded in the 12th century by Cistercian monks , the three-tiered walls and graceful pointed arches still reflect the ideals of the early Christians .
founded in the 12th century by cistercian monks , the three-tiered walls and graceful pointed arches still [think/show] the ideals of the early christians .

They offered the person , whose salary did not reflect how handsomely he would be paid in the future , a Professional Mortgage .
they offered the person , whose salary did not [think/show] how handsomely he would be paid in the future , a professional mortgage .

While the plays served to glorify God and instruct the largely-illiterate population in the basics of the faith , the cycle was also intended to reflect the wealth and prestige of the guilds .
while the plays served to glorify god and instruct the largely-illiterate population in the basics of the faith , the cycle was also intended to [think/show] the wealth and prestige of the guilds .

Zones of overlap , or ecotones , between two habitats are often richer in species than either habitat ( this is known as the ‘ edge effect ’ ) and the richness of gardens may reflect their ecotonal character .
zones of overlap , or ecotones , between two habitats are often richer in species than either habitat ( this is known as the ‘ edge effect ’ ) and the richness of gardens may [think/show] their ecotonal character .

This dissatisfaction may reflect more than being hard up .
this dissatisfaction may [think/show] more than being hard up .

The objectors really should reflect more on the alternatives .
the objectors really should [think/show] more on the alternatives .

The course since then has not been all plain sailing , as changes in the launch date , originally set for August 1981 , reflect .
the course since then has not been all plain sailing , as changes in the launch date , originally set for august 1981 , [think/show] .

The published report reveals that the ‘ vehicular fraction ’ of lead was 24 per cent . But it omits a crucial sentence that appeared in the scientists draft report which read : ‘ These figures appear to be minimum values because a ) the decrease in the isotopic ratio in blood probably had not reached equilibrium in 1979 and b ) they reflect solely the contribution of the petrols affected by the lead isotopic ratio change , ’
the published report reveals that the ‘ vehicular fraction ’ of lead was 24 per cent . but it omits a crucial sentence that appeared in the scientists draft report which read : ‘ these figures appear to be minimum values because a ) the decrease in the isotopic ratio in blood probably had not reached equilibrium in 1979 and b ) they [think/show] solely the contribution of the petrols affected by the lead isotopic ratio change , ’

Does the above game really reflect current ‘ national preferences ’ ?
does the above game really [think/show] current ‘ national preferences ’ ?

The 3.9-metre Anglo-Australian Telescope was built as an optical telescope , but its mirror will reflect infrared as well .
the 3.9-metre anglo-australian telescope was built as an optical telescope , but its mirror will [think/show] infrared as well .

The passage of time , however , is a concept seemingly grasped only by humans , so Western man 's search for Methuselahs seems to reflect his innate concern to fathom time .
the passage of time , however , is a concept seemingly grasped only by humans , so western man 's search for methuselahs seems to [think/show] his innate concern to fathom time .

The large numbers of evening primrose in Liverpool reflect its abundance on the sand dunes just outside the city .
the large numbers of evening primrose in liverpool [think/show] its abundance on the sand dunes just outside the city .

The region 's relatively high rainfall may encourage these wetland species , but their presence may also reflect the wider tolerance plants show when freed from having to compete .
the region 's relatively high rainfall may encourage these wetland species , but their presence may also [think/show] the wider tolerance plants show when freed from having to compete .

In the National Museum of Natural History , Washington , the collections reflect the research interests of the hundred or more curators .
in the national museum of natural history , washington , the collections [think/show] the research interests of the hundred or more curators .

Honeysett 's cartoons reflect the mundane uses that an ill-educated public might put new technology to .
honeysett 's cartoons [think/show] the mundane uses that an ill-educated public might put new technology to .

Niles Eldredge and Stephen Jay Gould , two invertebrate palaeontologists , suggested in 1972 that the abrupt transitions in the fossil record reflect the way evolution actually works , by fits and starts , or in their latinate phrase , ‘ punctuated equilibria ’ .
niles eldredge and stephen jay gould , two invertebrate palaeontologists , suggested in 1972 that the abrupt transitions in the fossil record [think/show] the way evolution actually works , by fits and starts , or in their latinate phrase , ‘ punctuated equilibria ’ .

Indeed , their optical properties reflect a non-biological origin .
indeed , their optical properties [think/show] a non-biological origin .

Of course the actions of carcinogens on methylase activity in a test-tube may not reflect what happens in tissues exposed to those chemicals .
of course the actions of carcinogens on methylase activity in a test-tube may not [think/show] what happens in tissues exposed to those chemicals .

Thirdly , the fossils that are preserved in any particular geological formation reflect the fauna that gave rise to them , but they do not accurately represent them .
thirdly , the fossils that are preserved in any particular geological formation [think/show] the fauna that gave rise to them , but they do not accurately represent them .

• spot-pricing : frequent , unscheduled price changes through the day , to reflect true generating costs .
• spot-pricing : frequent , unscheduled price changes through the day , to [think/show] true generating costs .

Two substances that look about the same under light , or in other words , reflect light in about the same way , may be totally different in regard to how much sound they absorb or reflect .
two substances that look about the same under light , or in other words , [think/show] light in about the same way , may be totally different in regard to how much sound they absorb or [think/show] .

The material is made of liquid and solid epoxy resins , pigment , filler and tiny beads which reflect light from headlamps at night .
the material is made of liquid and solid epoxy resins , pigment , filler and tiny beads which [think/show] light from headlamps at night .

Along the same lines , we have on several occasions during experiments on bee navigation seen behaviour that appears to reflect an ability to form what experimental psychologists refer to as a ‘ cognitive map ’ .
along the same lines , we have on several occasions during experiments on bee navigation seen behaviour that appears to [think/show] an ability to form what experimental psychologists refer to as a ‘ cognitive map ’ .

Nationally , the largest number of homes in bad condition were owner-occupied , and probably reflect the difficulties that the retired home-owner faces today in trying to eke out a fixed income .
nationally , the largest number of homes in bad condition were owner-occupied , and probably [think/show] the difficulties that the retired home-owner faces today in trying to eke out a fixed income .

Often official syllabuses and timetables reflect the influence and expertise of infant method specialists in ministries or from colleges of education .
often official syllabuses and timetables [think/show] the influence and expertise of infant method specialists in ministries or from colleges of education .

The design of the new syllabus and the programme of materials production was to reflect these three categories .
the design of the new syllabus and the programme of materials production was to [think/show] these three categories .

This change may reflect a disillusionment with the cost-benefit approach and the realisation that while this attitude might be helpful in manufacturing industry it certainly did not work in the service industry to which most of the Highlands were exposed .
this change may [think/show] a disillusionment with the cost-benefit approach and the realisation that while this attitude might be helpful in manufacturing industry it certainly did not work in the service industry to which most of the highlands were exposed .

Between them they reflect some of the attitudes and show some of the suffering of the period .
between them they [think/show] some of the attitudes and show some of the suffering of the period .

This pattern must inevitably reflect the fundamental fact that all forms of life involve some kind of family life , however primitive , in which the main burdens of happy survival lay within that family .
this pattern must inevitably [think/show] the fundamental fact that all forms of life involve some kind of family life , however primitive , in which the main burdens of happy survival lay within that family .

These marvellous towers may a little represent the pride of the landlord-citizens or the arrogance of families recently enriched ; but they certainly reflect the aspirations of many of the lesser cities in their heyday — and many of the greater too ; what is peculiar to San Gimignano is that a group of towers survive .
these marvellous towers may a little represent the pride of the landlord-citizens or the arrogance of families recently enriched ; but they certainly [think/show] the aspirations of many of the lesser cities in their heyday — and many of the greater too ; what is peculiar to san gimignano is that a group of towers survive .

They are not practical instruments of warfare , though they genuinely reflect the factious bellicose tendencies of their builders .
they are not practical instruments of warfare , though they genuinely [think/show] the factious bellicose tendencies of their builders .

The churches reflect the piety and religious sentiment of the citizens in an age which naturally sought to express civic feeling in religious form .
the churches [think/show] the piety and religious sentiment of the citizens in an age which naturally sought to express civic feeling in religious form .

He did not discuss his ordeal with Ranulf or the Prior , although he told them time and again that all was well and let them order his life , content to drift , think and reflect .
he did not discuss his ordeal with ranulf or the prior , although he told them time and again that all was well and let them order his life , content to drift , think and [think/show] .

Fortunately , the later committees approached the matter differently , seeing educational policy as an instrument to reflect change in the social structure and to influence the future development and improvement of the profession through scholarship and the assessment of academic and vocational attitudes .
fortunately , the later committees approached the matter differently , seeing educational policy as an instrument to [think/show] change in the social structure and to influence the future development and improvement of the profession through scholarship and the assessment of academic and vocational attitudes .

Of necessity it has meant that the development of the Institution 's syllabuses tends to reflect what is , rather than what will be .
of necessity it has meant that the development of the institution 's syllabuses tends to [think/show] what is , rather than what will be .

Each full-time centre , while approved by the Institution as offering a course of study apposite to the building surveyor , has developed slightly different academic philosophies to reflect its own perceived strengths , and its individual resource bases .
each full-time centre , while approved by the institution as offering a course of study apposite to the building surveyor , has developed slightly different academic philosophies to [think/show] its own perceived strengths , and its individual resource bases .

, increased productivity , but a price policy that would not fully reflect this increase , i.e .
, increased productivity , but a price policy that would not fully [think/show] this increase , i.e .

Of course the low percentage achievement does in part reflect the very high targets that were set as the plan was revised upwards during the course of the period , and it was carried out under the slogan of ‘ the five year plan in four years ’ .
of course the low percentage achievement does in part [think/show] the very high targets that were set as the plan was revised upwards during the course of the period , and it was carried out under the slogan of ‘ the five year plan in four years ’ .

There was one girl in particular who interested Harriet , a small girl with hair cut gamin short , whose face was so expressive that it seemed to reflect every one of the emotions that they were all feeling , these midinettes who had basted hemlines and stitched hooks and eyes into place , positioned trimmings and sewed them into place with such tiny stitches that they were all but invisible to the naked eye .
there was one girl in particular who interested harriet , a small girl with hair cut gamin short , whose face was so expressive that it seemed to [think/show] every one of the emotions that they were all feeling , these midinettes who had basted hemlines and stitched hooks and eyes into place , positioned trimmings and sewed them into place with such tiny stitches that they were all but invisible to the naked eye .

Other creatures , according to their own tattvic tapestry , will have communications to make to each other which reflect that inward condition .
other creatures , according to their own tattvic tapestry , will have communications to make to each other which [think/show] that inward condition .

But this may simply reflect the tremendous difficulties involved in such trials .
but this may simply [think/show] the tremendous difficulties involved in such trials .

… Librarians recognize the need for an appropriate balance to be maintained within the materials which they make available to reflect differing extremes or shades of opinion on matters which might be thought to be contentious .
… librarians recognize the need for an appropriate balance to be maintained within the materials which they make available to [think/show] differing extremes or shades of opinion on matters which might be thought to be contentious .

But while the views expressed in the current policy statement are still valid , such declarations , which have never been sufficient to deter censorship in libraries , are now patently inadequate , in spite of being updated to reflect perhaps the differing rationale for censorship .
but while the views expressed in the current policy statement are still valid , such declarations , which have never been sufficient to deter censorship in libraries , are now patently inadequate , in spite of being updated to [think/show] perhaps the differing rationale for censorship .

It indicates that the stock in the libraries in that authority , for as long as that local party rules , will reflect the politics of the majority of the voting electorate , in spite of the disclaimer that the policy will be carried out ‘ in the context of wider statutory provision across the authority ’ .
it indicates that the stock in the libraries in that authority , for as long as that local party rules , will [think/show] the politics of the majority of the voting electorate , in spite of the disclaimer that the policy will be carried out ‘ in the context of wider statutory provision across the authority ’ .

This does not reflect a lack of sympathy with the ethical basis of vegetarianism , far from it .
this does not [think/show] a lack of sympathy with the ethical basis of vegetarianism , far from it .

These variations presumably reflect the nature of the sea-bed and availability of food .
these variations presumably [think/show] the nature of the sea-bed and availability of food .

Without doubt these changes reflect changes in observer activity , but the figures suggest a genuine increase in numbers is also involved .
without doubt these changes [think/show] changes in observer activity , but the figures suggest a genuine increase in numbers is also involved .

The recent figures suggest some increase when compared with des Forges and Harber 's account , but more probably reflect the great increase in observer coverage of the Harbour since 1965 .
the recent figures suggest some increase when compared with des forges and harber 's account , but more probably [think/show] the great increase in observer coverage of the harbour since 1965 .

Objectives , then , should reflect the teacher 's intentions and should be appropriate for the students and for the activity involved .
objectives , then , should [think/show] the teacher 's intentions and should be appropriate for the students and for the activity involved .

She may not formulate these questions consciously , but her planning and teaching will reflect the influence of these considerations .
she may not formulate these questions consciously , but her planning and teaching will [think/show] the influence of these considerations .

The course units are designed to reflect the multidisciplinary basis of the course , and to encourage the integration of theoretical and practical aspects of a subject .
the course units are designed to [think/show] the multidisciplinary basis of the course , and to encourage the integration of theoretical and practical aspects of a subject .

The Academy lists are full of spelling mistakes ; whether they reflect the carelessness of the artists or later wrong transcriptions one can not tell .
the academy lists are full of spelling mistakes ; whether they [think/show] the carelessness of the artists or later wrong transcriptions one can not tell .

This transformation did little more than reflect the changing current of aesthetics in Western Europe at this time .
this transformation did little more than [think/show] the changing current of aesthetics in western europe at this time .

As has been previously noted he gave much attention to the unique colour of the Cumbrian mountains and this he combined with the sunlight and shadows falling on the hills so skilfully that it is possible for an observer with local knowledge , to tell the warmth of the sun or the time of day.Just as the mountains give colour to the lakes , so in turn do they reflect the colours of the sky .
as has been previously noted he gave much attention to the unique colour of the cumbrian mountains and this he combined with the sunlight and shadows falling on the hills so skilfully that it is possible for an observer with local knowledge , to tell the warmth of the sun or the time of day.just as the mountains give colour to the lakes , so in turn do they [think/show] the colours of the sky .

Reflect for a moment in the peaceful Memorial Garden .
[think/show] for a moment in the peaceful memorial garden .

Many public libraries recognize this need and their programmes for schoolchildren reflect it .
many public libraries recognize this need and their programmes for schoolchildren [think/show] it .

These guides can reflect not only the differing facilities and services available to the different groups of users but their differing information needs .
these guides can [think/show] not only the differing facilities and services available to the different groups of users but their differing information needs .

Often , however , this reluctance appears to reflect the severity of the disturbance in the family .
often , however , this reluctance appears to [think/show] the severity of the disturbance in the family .

However , she felt that this was artificial and did not reflect their real attitudes .
however , she felt that this was artificial and did not [think/show] their real attitudes .

They reflect changes in the population of attempters , with a possible decline in the proportion of patients suffering from formal psychiatric illness while , instead , interpersonal conflicts and social problems play a prominent part in most cases .
they [think/show] changes in the population of attempters , with a possible decline in the proportion of patients suffering from formal psychiatric illness while , instead , interpersonal conflicts and social problems play a prominent part in most cases .

Locks , security staff , police , prisons , the mass media , insurance cover , safes and so on reflect the extent of crime .
locks , security staff , police , prisons , the mass media , insurance cover , safes and so on [think/show] the extent of crime .

The first , Chapter 4 , deals with the measurements of crime , the extent and character of recorded crime and the dangers of assuming that the criminal statistics accurately reflect the amount and character of crime that does occur .
the first , chapter 4 , deals with the measurements of crime , the extent and character of recorded crime and the dangers of assuming that the criminal statistics accurately [think/show] the amount and character of crime that does occur .

They reflect the fact that some groups in society can create laws , and can determine what behaviour is seen as criminal .
they [think/show] the fact that some groups in society can create laws , and can determine what behaviour is seen as criminal .

Interactionists stress that definitions of crime reflect the power of groups who have managed to impose their ideas about right and wrong , normality and so on on society .
interactionists stress that definitions of crime [think/show] the power of groups who have managed to impose their ideas about right and wrong , normality and so on on society .

These aspects of the superstructure reflect the economic base .
these aspects of the superstructure [think/show] the economic base .

Therefore , the law will reflect the interests of the dominant economic class , and as an instrument of the dominant class the state passes laws which support its interests .
therefore , the law will [think/show] the interests of the dominant economic class , and as an instrument of the dominant class the state passes laws which support its interests .

Criminal law is assumed to express and reflect the interests of the ruling class .
criminal law is assumed to express and [think/show] the interests of the ruling class .

Secondly , and linked with this point , criminal statistics reflect the intensity of law enforcement itself .
secondly , and linked with this point , criminal statistics [think/show] the intensity of law enforcement itself .

Victim 's interpretations and memories indicate that victim studies can not be assumed to accurately reflect the ‘ real ’ extent of crime ; and the search for more reliable and direct indicators has included the development of self-report studies .
victim 's interpretations and memories indicate that victim studies can not be assumed to accurately [think/show] the ‘ real ’ extent of crime ; and the search for more reliable and direct indicators has included the development of self-report studies .

may be appreciated when we reflect that if our rulers in the nineteenth century were educated at Eton , our rulers of the twentieth century are being educated in the elementary schools .
may be appreciated when we [think/show] that if our rulers in the nineteenth century were educated at eton , our rulers of the twentieth century are being educated in the elementary schools .

Objectives and strategies can remain valid for many years but the long-term plans to achieve them need to be revised more frequently to reflect the up-to-date position of the organisation and its environment .
objectives and strategies can remain valid for many years but the long-term plans to achieve them need to be revised more frequently to [think/show] the up-to-date position of the organisation and its environment .

Although much work has been done in the decades since those words were written , it is still true to say that many texts in printed form do not reflect the contents of the original manuscripts with complete accuracy , although more recent printed transcriptions tend to be reliable , not least because they have usually been scanned by a number of scholars before publication .
although much work has been done in the decades since those words were written , it is still true to say that many texts in printed form do not [think/show] the contents of the original manuscripts with complete accuracy , although more recent printed transcriptions tend to be reliable , not least because they have usually been scanned by a number of scholars before publication .

Their archives reflect this .
their archives [think/show] this .

There are flourishing schools which reflect the growing affluence and improved living conditions of a portion of the population , but there are other schools which are little more than shells , with few materials and facilities .
there are flourishing schools which [think/show] the growing affluence and improved living conditions of a portion of the population , but there are other schools which are little more than shells , with few materials and facilities .

This seems to reflect primarily the increasing cost of school fees , combined with rises in the cost of living .
this seems to [think/show] primarily the increasing cost of school fees , combined with rises in the cost of living .

The curriculum is designed by teachers who unconsciously reflect the view that city life is best , even if they come from the rural areas .
the curriculum is designed by teachers who unconsciously [think/show] the view that city life is best , even if they come from the rural areas .

The low enrolments in the western provinces of Darfur and Kordofan probably reflect the effects of the drought which has caused millions of people to leave their homes .
the low enrolments in the western provinces of darfur and kordofan probably [think/show] the effects of the drought which has caused millions of people to leave their homes .

These disparities in regional enrolment levels reflect deeper inequalities in the distribution of income , wealth and essential services .
these disparities in regional enrolment levels [think/show] deeper inequalities in the distribution of income , wealth and essential services .

It is the stuff of ivory towers and only clever boys and girls are expected to reflect upon its themes .
it is the stuff of ivory towers and only clever boys and girls are expected to [think/show] upon its themes .

These so-called norms reflect society 's expectations of what is appropriate , that is to say , normal social and moral behaviour .
these so-called norms [think/show] society 's expectations of what is appropriate , that is to say , normal social and moral behaviour .

Cities inevitably reflect broader national and regional trends .
cities inevitably [think/show] broader national and regional trends .

Cities do not simply reflect their employment structures : they tend to perform worse than their economic constitutions would suggest .
cities do not simply [think/show] their employment structures : they tend to perform worse than their economic constitutions would suggest .

In many respects cities do no more than reflect the wider processes that prevail within society as a whole .
in many respects cities do no more than [think/show] the wider processes that prevail within society as a whole .

It is worth identifying those cities that appear to reflect most clearly those processes of economic decline , social deprivation and physical dereliction that epitomize the ‘ inner city ’ .
it is worth identifying those cities that appear to [think/show] most clearly those processes of economic decline , social deprivation and physical dereliction that epitomize the ‘ inner city ’ .

At the time they appeared to offer the greatest opportunities for the cities , yet ten years afterwards they appear to reflect a lost age .
at the time they appeared to offer the greatest opportunities for the cities , yet ten years afterwards they appear to [think/show] a lost age .

Enterprise zones were simply not going to reflect uncontrolled capitalism .
enterprise zones were simply not going to [think/show] uncontrolled capitalism .

HATs clearly reflect the Conservative government 's view that urban development requires the creation of autonomous , centrally-controlled and funded agencies , of which the best example is the Urban Development Corporation .
hats clearly [think/show] the conservative government 's view that urban development requires the creation of autonomous , centrally-controlled and funded agencies , of which the best example is the urban development corporation .

On housing ‘ it is not in general desirable to seek to control the disposal of private houses through planning restrictions ’ ; on industry and commerce ‘ policies and proposals … should promote and not hinder the regeneration of industry and reflect an up to date and realistic view of the scale , pattern and diversity of industry ’ ; on retail development ‘ policies and proposals should neither seek to regulate competition between retailers nor to stifle the evolution of new forms of retail provision ’ ; and on agriculture and forestry ‘ authorities should take account of the need to ensure that no more than an essential minimum of agricultural land is diverted to development ’ .
on housing ‘ it is not in general desirable to seek to control the disposal of private houses through planning restrictions ’ ; on industry and commerce ‘ policies and proposals … should promote and not hinder the regeneration of industry and [think/show] an up to date and realistic view of the scale , pattern and diversity of industry ’ ; on retail development ‘ policies and proposals should neither seek to regulate competition between retailers nor to stifle the evolution of new forms of retail provision ’ ; and on agriculture and forestry ‘ authorities should take account of the need to ensure that no more than an essential minimum of agricultural land is diverted to development ’ .

Adjust the second row of the table to reflect a true incidence of child abuse of 20 in every 10,000 .
adjust the second row of the table to [think/show] a true incidence of child abuse of 20 in every 10,000 .

Treatment rates for different diseases reflect availability of the treatment rather than prevalence of the disease .
treatment rates for different diseases [think/show] availability of the treatment rather than prevalence of the disease .

The validity of official statistics on suicide has often been questioned ; some critics have claimed that different national suicide rates reflect the extent to which coroners in those countries are prepared to categorize deaths as suicide , rather than real national differences in propensity to suicide .
the validity of official statistics on suicide has often been questioned ; some critics have claimed that different national suicide rates [think/show] the extent to which coroners in those countries are prepared to categorize deaths as suicide , rather than real national differences in propensity to suicide .

Nevertheless , the data reflect the magnitude of the impact of agriculture on tropical forest areas .
nevertheless , the data [think/show] the magnitude of the impact of agriculture on tropical forest areas .

World Travel Organisation data ( quoted in Pearce 1987 ) reflect a trebling of international tourist arrivals in the last 20 years , reaching 284 million in 1984 as compared with 93 million in 1963 .
world travel organisation data ( quoted in pearce 1987 ) [think/show] a trebling of international tourist arrivals in the last 20 years , reaching 284 million in 1984 as compared with 93 million in 1963 .

Now at his lowest ebb , Marinello can reflect on life in the fast lane .
now at his lowest ebb , marinello can [think/show] on life in the fast lane .

It is with a huge sigh of relief that Scottish football fans can reflect on this crucial moment .
it is with a huge sigh of relief that scottish football fans can [think/show] on this crucial moment .

Despite being fined £500 for making foul and abusive comments to match officials whilst managing Doncaster Rovers , Bremner wielded a rod of discipline and rarely bothered to reflect on his image as a rogue newly attuned to respectability .
despite being fined £500 for making foul and abusive comments to match officials whilst managing doncaster rovers , bremner wielded a rod of discipline and rarely bothered to [think/show] on his image as a rogue newly attuned to respectability .

The joke was hardly likely to have them holding their ribs in Helsinki but it did reflect on the inordinate importance that gambling plays in the lives of Scottish footballers .
the joke was hardly likely to have them holding their ribs in helsinki but it did [think/show] on the inordinate importance that gambling plays in the lives of scottish footballers .

Professor Donaldson was so irate at my letter in the Times , which he considered to reflect upon English architects in general , that he proposed moving the Institute to reverse the recommendation of their council to award to me the annual Royal Gold Medal of the Institute , and was only dissuaded from attempting to inflict that gratuitous dishonour upon me by strong remonstrances .
professor donaldson was so irate at my letter in the times , which he considered to [think/show] upon english architects in general , that he proposed moving the institute to reverse the recommendation of their council to award to me the annual royal gold medal of the institute , and was only dissuaded from attempting to inflict that gratuitous dishonour upon me by strong remonstrances .

This may reflect the fact that many people today have more leisure and money to spend on such pursuits than in the past .
this may [think/show] the fact that many people today have more leisure and money to spend on such pursuits than in the past .

This is why , as has been said earlier , conditions which more closely reflect the constitutional state of the person should only be treated by experienced therapists and not the well intentioned novice .
this is why , as has been said earlier , conditions which more closely [think/show] the constitutional state of the person should only be treated by experienced therapists and not the well intentioned novice .

They reflect processes taking place much more deeply within the individual and are dependent upon many factors such as constitutional make-up , heredity , diet , life events , lifestyle , environment and so on .
they [think/show] processes taking place much more deeply within the individual and are dependent upon many factors such as constitutional make-up , heredity , diet , life events , lifestyle , environment and so on .

It may reflect some prolonged period of stress at any level of being ; physical , mental or emotional .
it may [think/show] some prolonged period of stress at any level of being ; physical , mental or emotional .

Our eyes reflect in softened stones ,
our eyes [think/show] in softened stones ,

To be sure , the international sourcing arrangements that have been created by retailers and manufacturers over the last twenty years reflect a quest for minimizing unit labor costs .
to be sure , the international sourcing arrangements that have been created by retailers and manufacturers over the last twenty years [think/show] a quest for minimizing unit labor costs .

Their U.S. share has been increasingly displaced by those of Mexico and Caribbean nations.35 Although these shifts in part reflect changes in U.S. trade policy , such as the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) , they fundamentally arise from new sourcing patterns attributable to channel integration and the consequent need for apparel items that can be delivered in a shorter time to the U.S. market .
their u.s. share has been increasingly displaced by those of mexico and caribbean nations.35 although these shifts in part [think/show] changes in u.s. trade policy , such as the north american free trade agreement ( nafta ) , they fundamentally arise from new sourcing patterns attributable to channel integration and the consequent need for apparel items that can be delivered in a shorter time to the u.s. market .

The inventory carrying cost should reflect not only the cost of capital tied up in inventory , but also the risk of holding that inventory .
the inventory carrying cost should [think/show] not only the cost of capital tied up in inventory , but also the risk of holding that inventory .

These quotations aptly reflect the continuing controversy over international trade policies .
these quotations aptly [think/show] the continuing controversy over international trade policies .

Falling transaction costs between sectors allow an economy to increase the total output of goods and services it can produce for a given set of resource inputs.8 The dramatic decrease in transaction costs across many sectors parallels the wide-scale changes at the end of the last century , which , in the words of Alfred Chandler , reduced “ the number of transactions involved in the flow of goods , increased the speed and regularity of the flow , and so lowered costs and improved the productivity of the American distribution system. ” 9 It often takes time for an economy to reflect the impact of such fundamental shifts .
falling transaction costs between sectors allow an economy to increase the total output of goods and services it can produce for a given set of resource inputs.8 the dramatic decrease in transaction costs across many sectors parallels the wide-scale changes at the end of the last century , which , in the words of alfred chandler , reduced “ the number of transactions involved in the flow of goods , increased the speed and regularity of the flow , and so lowered costs and improved the productivity of the american distribution system. ” 9 it often takes time for an economy to [think/show] the impact of such fundamental shifts .

If the company operates stores in different geographic regions , its product offerings must also reflect regional differences in style , weather , income , and culture .
if the company operates stores in different geographic regions , its product offerings must also [think/show] regional differences in style , weather , income , and culture .

The early twentieth-century success of Wanamaker ’ s and other department stores illustrates that the keys to effective retailing are providing customers with a variety of desirable products , procuring those products at a low enough cost to make a profit , marketing them well , and charging prices that reflect customers ’ willingness to pay .
the early twentieth-century success of wanamaker ’ s and other department stores illustrates that the keys to effective retailing are providing customers with a variety of desirable products , procuring those products at a low enough cost to make a profit , marketing them well , and charging prices that [think/show] customers ’ willingness to pay .

They reflect old values and bygone virtues and vices : the self-confidence of the library , the cheerful boosterism of Chrysler , the sobriety of RCA .
they [think/show] old values and bygone virtues and vices : the self-confidence of the library , the cheerful boosterism of chrysler , the sobriety of rca .

The vogue among many younger architects today is toward lightness and exposed construction , and railings reflect that fashion , too .
the vogue among many younger architects today is toward lightness and exposed construction , and railings [think/show] that fashion , too .

To create a strong sense of place , the surroundings must be all of a piece ; space , mass , shapes , and materials must reflect the same sensibility .
to create a strong sense of place , the surroundings must be all of a piece ; space , mass , shapes , and materials must [think/show] the same sensibility .

In Chicano culture , barrios are identified by given names that in some way describe a characteristic of the neighborhood or reflect its history .
in chicano culture , barrios are identified by given names that in some way describe a characteristic of the neighborhood or [think/show] its history .

There are always plants and flowers , sometimes seashells decorate the outside if it is constructed of cement , and the decorations will reflect the holiday season of the year .
there are always plants and flowers , sometimes seashells decorate the outside if it is constructed of cement , and the decorations will [think/show] the holiday season of the year .

Many Spanish riddles collected in the Southwest reflect in some way the characteristics of the Southwest , both linguistically and environmentally .
many spanish riddles collected in the southwest [think/show] in some way the characteristics of the southwest , both linguistically and environmentally .

When the creation is such a gradual process , it can reflect and almost chronicle the happy and tragic events that take place in the family .
when the creation is such a gradual process , it can [think/show] and almost chronicle the happy and tragic events that take place in the family .

The expression was used to reflect a nationalistic ideology during the 1920s and 1930s in the United States that in effect reduced regional differences among the various Mexican communities throughout the United States The Mexico Lindo sentiment expressed a patriotism and a love of homeland and anything Mexican .
the expression was used to [think/show] a nationalistic ideology during the 1920s and 1930s in the united states that in effect reduced regional differences among the various mexican communities throughout the united states the mexico lindo sentiment expressed a patriotism and a love of homeland and anything mexican .

Together with scholars who reflect on the ideas behind the law , the courts assume responsibility for the proper interpretation of the language that constitutes a shared heritage of government principles .
together with scholars who [think/show] on the ideas behind the law , the courts assume responsibility for the proper interpretation of the language that constitutes a shared heritage of government principles .

Origins of Order and At Home in the Universe give good grounds to think that much of the order in organisms , from the origin of life itself to the stunning order in the development of a newborn child from a fertilized egg , does not reflect selection alone .
origins of order and at home in the universe give good grounds to think that much of the order in organisms , from the origin of life itself to the stunning order in the development of a newborn child from a fertilized egg , does not [think/show] selection alone .

Now we need to pause and reflect , for the story of the demon is both tantalizing and incomplete .
now we need to pause and [think/show] , for the story of the demon is both tantalizing and incomplete .

Even sexual assaults are increasing — although this might reflect a reduction of social stigma in what remains a deeply conservative society , where previously the number of reported incidents was severely constrained .
even sexual assaults are increasing — although this might [think/show] a reduction of social stigma in what remains a deeply conservative society , where previously the number of reported incidents was severely constrained .

Its remains reflect its dual roles in ancient Greek life , a holy place and a center of trade .
its remains [think/show] its dual roles in ancient greek life , a holy place and a center of trade .

It has a rectangular prayer hall capped by 20 domes , supported by 12 great pillars — compare this to the imperial mosques of Istanbul , which reflect the influence of Haghia Sophia .
it has a rectangular prayer hall capped by 20 domes , supported by 12 great pillars — compare this to the imperial mosques of istanbul , which [think/show] the influence of haghia sophia .

Beware , however , as it may be taken to reflect a political opinion .
beware , however , as it may be taken to [think/show] a political opinion .

Their sandstone façades reflect the sunlight , rose-colored in the morning , golden in the heat of the day , and smoky purple as night falls .
their sandstone façades [think/show] the sunlight , rose-colored in the morning , golden in the heat of the day , and smoky purple as night falls .

Awara typically packs its heat-seekers into modern , luxury hotels whose harsh concrete exteriors hardly reflect the tranquilizing pleasures provided within .
awara typically packs its heat-seekers into modern , luxury hotels whose harsh concrete exteriors hardly [think/show] the tranquilizing pleasures provided within .

The loud , raucous Jamaican English dialect and the waving hands reflect the joy with which social relations are conducted here .
the loud , raucous jamaican english dialect and the waving hands [think/show] the joy with which social relations are conducted here .

This former American Colonial home was moved to Main Street , and its lower floor has been completely restored to reflect a turn-of-the-century lifestyle .
this former american colonial home was moved to main street , and its lower floor has been completely restored to [think/show] a turn-of-the-century lifestyle .

Local handicrafts reflect a mix of traditional Spanish and African techniques and styles .
local handicrafts [think/show] a mix of traditional spanish and african techniques and styles .

The rhythms go all the way back to the Iberians and reflect a diversity of influences , from Moorish to Aragonese and Castilian to Cuban .
the rhythms go all the way back to the iberians and [think/show] a diversity of influences , from moorish to aragonese and castilian to cuban .

Las Canteras and the area behind it reflect the city ’ s cosmopolitan nature .
las canteras and the area behind it [think/show] the city ’ s cosmopolitan nature .

Apart from the set pieces , most of the music is percussive and serves to support and reflect the action and mood .
apart from the set pieces , most of the music is percussive and serves to support and [think/show] the action and mood .

The eastern coastlines of the islands break the long tidal fetch that travels across the Atlantic ; on the sheltered western coastline , coral outcrops have produced vast shallow sand banks that reflect waters of myriad translucent blues and greens .
the eastern coastlines of the islands break the long tidal fetch that travels across the atlantic ; on the sheltered western coastline , coral outcrops have produced vast shallow sand banks that [think/show] waters of myriad translucent blues and greens .

In summer the shallows are glassy still and range from azure blue to emerald green ; the deep ocean channels reflect a deep blue that can best be appreciated from the air .
in summer the shallows are glassy still and range from azure blue to emerald green ; the deep ocean channels [think/show] a deep blue that can best be appreciated from the air .

Stroll along any street and you ’ ll bump into fine historic buildings ; several date from the late 1700s and most are painted in pretty pastels that cheerfully reflect the bright Bahamian sunlight .
stroll along any street and you ’ ll bump into fine historic buildings ; several date from the late 1700s and most are painted in pretty pastels that cheerfully [think/show] the bright bahamian sunlight .

Vincent ’ s working life was short but frenetic , interspersed with periods of manic depression , and his paintings reflect his moods .
vincent ’ s working life was short but frenetic , interspersed with periods of manic depression , and his paintings [think/show] his moods .

In 1938 it became the Museum of Modern Art , and today it displays a permanent range of work by celebrated artists and numerous temporary exhibitions which reflect the cutting edge in visual art genres such as photography and video .
in 1938 it became the museum of modern art , and today it displays a permanent range of work by celebrated artists and numerous temporary exhibitions which [think/show] the cutting edge in visual art genres such as photography and video .

Local clubs and stage shows reflect such Bermudian and Caribbean traditions as steelband music , calypso , goombay , reggae , and limbo dancing , among others .
local clubs and stage shows [think/show] such bermudian and caribbean traditions as steelband music , calypso , goombay , reggae , and limbo dancing , among others .

She said that the reductions reflect a decline in the number of persons in the state who are living in poverty , according to the U.S. Census Bureau 's 2000 census .
she said that the reductions [think/show] a decline in the number of persons in the state who are living in poverty , according to the u.s. census bureau 's 2000 census .

Reflect also on 5-year-old Seth Jackson-Mack 's chances to live an ordinary life .
[think/show] also on 5-year-old seth jackson-mack 's chances to live an ordinary life .

Problems for Muslims Sept. 11 may reflect a failing of the legal profession during a crisis for one group , Muslim and Middle Eastern men .
problems for muslims sept. 11 may [think/show] a failing of the legal profession during a crisis for one group , muslim and middle eastern men .

As a frequent visitor to each site , I believe that they reflect the complexity of being a lawyer and the challenges of juggling financial success and public service .
as a frequent visitor to each site , i believe that they [think/show] the complexity of being a lawyer and the challenges of juggling financial success and public service .

That would reflect a jump in its current finding of about one-third .
that would [think/show] a jump in its current finding of about one-third .

For example , only 21 % of survivors of myocardial infarction are treated with beta-blockers by their primary care physician , despite the fact that expert consensus panels consider this omission a serious medical error.32 Studies of educational strategies to change physician behavior suggest that informational material and formal CME conferences have little impact , while outreach activities by professional organizations and opinion leaders conducting on-site educational programs produce positive change.33 However , many people become leaders of organizations because they reflect the needs and attitudes of members , and therefore they are not likely to radically change the culture of the organization .
for example , only 21 % of survivors of myocardial infarction are treated with beta-blockers by their primary care physician , despite the fact that expert consensus panels consider this omission a serious medical error.32 studies of educational strategies to change physician behavior suggest that informational material and formal cme conferences have little impact , while outreach activities by professional organizations and opinion leaders conducting on-site educational programs produce positive change.33 however , many people become leaders of organizations because they [think/show] the needs and attitudes of members , and therefore they are not likely to radically change the culture of the organization .

The majority of opinion leaders in emergency medicine reflect the current belief that alcohol problems are outside their practice domain .
the majority of opinion leaders in emergency medicine [think/show] the current belief that alcohol problems are outside their practice domain .

My comments are intended to link this research agenda with the unique , strategic position of the emergency department and to reflect on the new partnership of the federal agencies and care providers represented here today .
my comments are intended to link this research agenda with the unique , strategic position of the emergency department and to [think/show] on the new partnership of the federal agencies and care providers represented here today .

The research agenda 's translation to practice should reflect the spectrum of alcohol use and related problems as well , given that the ED is inundated with patients who have alcohol-related problems .
the research agenda 's translation to practice should [think/show] the spectrum of alcohol use and related problems as well , given that the ed is inundated with patients who have alcohol-related problems .

He expressed concern about how to reflect this complexity in the recommendations .
he expressed concern about how to [think/show] this complexity in the recommendations .

Bernstein suggested that the recommendation not be eliminated , but rewritten to reflect the discussion .
bernstein suggested that the recommendation not be eliminated , but rewritten to [think/show] the discussion .

Recent testimony to the Congress by Governor Ridge has clarified the Administration 's commitment to these provisions.18 The final legislation should clearly reflect the applicability of these tenets to the new department .
recent testimony to the congress by governor ridge has clarified the administration 's commitment to these provisions.18 the final legislation should clearly [think/show] the applicability of these tenets to the new department .

Where appropriate , we have made changes to this report that reflect these technical comments .
where appropriate , we have made changes to this report that [think/show] these technical comments .

Proposed Revisions for the 2002 Rating Year Performance Plans According to BLM officials , BLM is planning to revise the performance elements in its senior executive performance plans for the 2002 performance appraisal cycle to reflect the priorities of BLM and the Department of the Interior .
proposed revisions for the 2002 rating year performance plans according to blm officials , blm is planning to revise the performance elements in its senior executive performance plans for the 2002 performance appraisal cycle to [think/show] the priorities of blm and the department of the interior .

Responsibilities : The responsibilities reflect the core values of IRS that are shared by all executives and managers for achieving performance excellence .
responsibilities : the responsibilities [think/show] the core values of irs that are shared by all executives and managers for achieving performance excellence .

In my view , the AICPA and its leadership must set the standard for professional conduct and be beyond reproach because they represent all of us and , as a result their actions , reflect on all of us .
in my view , the aicpa and its leadership must set the standard for professional conduct and be beyond reproach because they represent all of us and , as a result their actions , [think/show] on all of us .

Where appropriate , we have made changes to this report that reflect these technical comments .
where appropriate , we have made changes to this report that [think/show] these technical comments .

A direct loan financing account may hold uninvested balances to bridge transactions that are integral to its operations , such as when it borrows from Treasury to disburse direct loans prior to the time of disbursement ; it earns interest on these balances to reflect the time value of money and thereby finance the interest it pays on its debt to Treasury .
a direct loan financing account may hold uninvested balances to bridge transactions that are integral to its operations , such as when it borrows from treasury to disburse direct loans prior to the time of disbursement ; it earns interest on these balances to [think/show] the time value of money and thereby finance the interest it pays on its debt to treasury .

Trend data should reflect the full cost ( including allocation of facility and administrative costs ) of the investment .
trend data should [think/show] the full cost ( including allocation of facility and administrative costs ) of the investment .

Trend data reported on stewardship investment elements should reflect the full cost11 of the investment for the year being reported upon and the preceding 4 years .
trend data reported on stewardship investment elements should [think/show] the full cost11 of the investment for the year being reported upon and the preceding 4 years .

Activity analysis involves determining what activities are done within a department , how many people perform the activities , how much time they spend performing the activities , what resources are required to perform the activities , what operational data best reflect the performance of the activities , and what customer value the activity has for the organization .
activity analysis involves determining what activities are done within a department , how many people perform the activities , how much time they spend performing the activities , what resources are required to perform the activities , what operational data best [think/show] the performance of the activities , and what customer value the activity has for the organization .

Any changes in such constant dollar values would therefore reflect only changes in the real volume of goods and services , not changes in the price level .
any changes in such constant dollar values would therefore [think/show] only changes in the real volume of goods and services , not changes in the price level .

STANDARD COSTS - Predetermined expected unit costs , which are acceptable for financial reporting purposes if adjusted periodically to reflect actual results .
standard costs - predetermined expected unit costs , which are acceptable for financial reporting purposes if adjusted periodically to [think/show] actual results .

Data are reliable when they are ( 1 ) complete ( they contain all of the data elements and records needed for the engagement ) 2 and ( 2 ) accurate ( they reflect the data entered at the source or , if available , in the source documents ) .
data are reliable when they are ( 1 ) complete ( they contain all of the data elements and records needed for the engagement ) 2 and ( 2 ) accurate ( they [think/show] the data entered at the source or , if available , in the source documents ) .

The audit plan should reflect data reliability issues and any additional steps that still need to be performed to assess the reliability of critical data .
the audit plan should [think/show] data reliability issues and any additional steps that still need to be performed to assess the reliability of critical data .

Tracing to and from Source Documents Tracing a sample of data records to source documents helps you to determine whether the computer data accurately and completely reflect these documents .
tracing to and from source documents tracing a sample of data records to source documents helps you to determine whether the computer data accurately and completely [think/show] these documents .

This model has value but fails to meet the broader range of information needs of investors who want more forward-looking information and data that reflect a company 's overall performance , risk profile , and expectations for future performance .
this model has value but fails to meet the broader range of information needs of investors who want more forward-looking information and data that [think/show] a company 's overall performance , risk profile , and expectations for future performance .

The results of the forum are organized by the major areas of discussion and reflect subsequent comments we received from the participants on a draft of this report .
the results of the forum are organized by the major areas of discussion and [think/show] subsequent comments we received from the participants on a draft of this report .

In that respect , the operations of the boards should reflect a culture that embraces these responsibilities .
in that respect , the operations of the boards should [think/show] a culture that embraces these responsibilities .

If necessary , the invoice was adjusted to reflect the items actually received and accepted .
if necessary , the invoice was adjusted to [think/show] the items actually received and accepted .

As the sophistication and the number of edits continue to evolve and become more widely applied throughout the government , agencies have been revising their automated payment processes to reflect these improvements while at the same time making their systems more efficient .
as the sophistication and the number of edits continue to evolve and become more widely applied throughout the government , agencies have been revising their automated payment processes to [think/show] these improvements while at the same time making their systems more efficient .

They reflect a number of refinements made on the basis of feedback from Members and staff during our trial implementation phase ( January 2000 to September 2000 ) .
they [think/show] a number of refinements made on the basis of feedback from members and staff during our trial implementation phase ( january 2000 to september 2000 ) .

Gao will give agencies and other directly affected parties the opportunity to officially comment on a draft report to which they are a party ( other than reports that largely reflect prior GAO work ) .
gao will give agencies and other directly affected parties the opportunity to officially comment on a draft report to which they are a party ( other than reports that largely [think/show] prior gao work ) .

Engineering drawings reflect the results of testing and simulation and describe how the product should be built .
engineering drawings [think/show] the results of testing and simulation and describe how the product should be built .

Again , engineering drawings are critical because they include details on the parts and work instructions needed to make the product and reflect the results of testing .
again , engineering drawings are critical because they include details on the parts and work instructions needed to make the product and [think/show] the results of testing .

Revised performance standards for all staff that incorporate GAO 's core values and strategic goals , update descriptions of performance to better reflect the current nature of GAO 's work , and include key management and performance concepts , such as leadership by example , client service , and measurable results .
revised performance standards for all staff that incorporate gao 's core values and strategic goals , update descriptions of performance to better [think/show] the current nature of gao 's work , and include key management and performance concepts , such as leadership by example , client service , and measurable results .

During fiscal year 2000 , we began a major initiative to develop a competency-based performance appraisal system for analysts to reflect prevailing best practices .
during fiscal year 2000 , we began a major initiative to develop a competency-based performance appraisal system for analysts to [think/show] prevailing best practices .

In fiscal year 2001 , we will begin updating the performance systems for attorneys and mission support staff to reflect prevailing best practices .
in fiscal year 2001 , we will begin updating the performance systems for attorneys and mission support staff to [think/show] prevailing best practices .

Identify laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements that directly relate to specific aspects of the program included in questions that reflect the audit objectives .
identify laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements that directly relate to specific aspects of the program included in questions that [think/show] the audit objectives .

It should be updated , as necessary , to reflect any significant changes to the plan made during the audit .
it should be updated , as necessary , to [think/show] any significant changes to the plan made during the audit .

An audit report is improved when it provides sufficient contextual sophistication to reflect an understanding of the issues and an awareness of the external environment , including sensitivity to relevant trends .
an audit report is improved when it provides sufficient contextual sophistication to [think/show] an understanding of the issues and an awareness of the external environment , including sensitivity to relevant trends .

In 1980 , most of the agency 's auditors and management analysts were reclassified as evaluators to reflect GAO 's varied work .
in 1980 , most of the agency 's auditors and management analysts were reclassified as evaluators to [think/show] gao 's varied work .

GAO 's core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability reflect its dedication to good government and professional standards .
gao 's core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability [think/show] its dedication to good government and professional standards .

They also reflect the nuances of American federalism , ensuring that implications of service delivery and devolution on state and local governments and on the private and nonprofit sectors are factored into all of its work .
they also [think/show] the nuances of american federalism , ensuring that implications of service delivery and devolution on state and local governments and on the private and nonprofit sectors are factored into all of its work .

As the following graphs show , GAO has over the years seen considerable changes in its staffing and budget allocations-levels that , unfortunately , did not generally reflect its workload and the growing demands placed on it by the Congress .
as the following graphs show , gao has over the years seen considerable changes in its staffing and budget allocations-levels that , unfortunately , did not generally [think/show] its workload and the growing demands placed on it by the congress .

One of the important issues that reflect this goal and its objectives is Demographics .
one of the important issues that [think/show] this goal and its objectives is demographics .

The nation 's security concerns reflect new , diverse , and diffuse threats of national , economic , and personal dimensions .
the nation 's security concerns [think/show] new , diverse , and diffuse threats of national , economic , and personal dimensions .

It will certainly require a more stable GAO , in which budget and personnel levels remain consistent from year to year and reflect a work plan built from the strategic plan .
it will certainly require a more stable gao , in which budget and personnel levels remain consistent from year to year and [think/show] a work plan built from the strategic plan .

This rule amends VA 's regulations regarding the award of compensation for disability resulting from hospitalization , treatment , examination , or vocational rehabilitation to reflect the Supreme Court 's interpretation of 38 U.S.C .
this rule amends va 's regulations regarding the award of compensation for disability resulting from hospitalization , treatment , examination , or vocational rehabilitation to [think/show] the supreme court 's interpretation of 38 u.s.c .

Included is a new set of requirements to more accurately reflect real road forces on the test dynamometer .
included is a new set of requirements to more accurately [think/show] real road forces on the test dynamometer .

Determine whether functional users and/or theprogram manager confirmed that the specifications accurately reflect the requirements and conform to the approved acquisition strategy discussed in the acquisition strategy module .
determine whether functional users and/or theprogram manager confirmed that the specifications accurately [think/show] the requirements and conform to the approved acquisition strategy discussed in the acquisition strategy module .

The approach selected should reflect an understanding of what is available in the commercial market as well as what is available within the government .
the approach selected should [think/show] an understanding of what is available in the commercial market as well as what is available within the government .

If the RFP does not accurately and clearly describe the agency 's requirements , or if the evaluation factors do not accurately reflect the agency 's priorities , then the resulting acquisition may not meet user needs .
if the rfp does not accurately and clearly describe the agency 's requirements , or if the evaluation factors do not accurately [think/show] the agency 's priorities , then the resulting acquisition may not meet user needs .

Audit Objectives To determine whether or not the solicitation document is complete , clear , and consistent , verify that requirements continue to reflect user needs , and determine if the proposed evaluation process will result in an effective and economical acquisition .
audit objectives to determine whether or not the solicitation document is complete , clear , and consistent , verify that requirements continue to [think/show] user needs , and determine if the proposed evaluation process will result in an effective and economical acquisition .

Assess changes to the agency requirements toensure that the contract continues to reflect valid user needs .
assess changes to the agency requirements toensure that the contract continues to [think/show] valid user needs .

However , cost models have significant limitations in accuracy unless their underlying assumptions of system size and cost drivers are carefully chosen and reflect the agency 's previous experience in system development .
however , cost models have significant limitations in accuracy unless their underlying assumptions of system size and cost drivers are carefully chosen and [think/show] the agency 's previous experience in system development .

The protocols have been revised in those areas to reflect the following :
the protocols have been revised in those areas to [think/show] the following :

The protocols reflect the framework of GAO 's engagement and audit activities .
the protocols [think/show] the framework of gao 's engagement and audit activities .

If the agency is unable to schedule a meeting to provide its views within the time frame specified by GAO , the testimony statement will reflect that GAO was unable to obtain the agency 's views .
if the agency is unable to schedule a meeting to provide its views within the time frame specified by gao , the testimony statement will [think/show] that gao was unable to obtain the agency 's views .

Consistent with GAO 's reporting standards , when there is difficulty in obtaining timely access to information that adversely affects either the completion of an engagement , its scope , or both , GAO 's product will reflect that GAO had this difficulty .
consistent with gao 's reporting standards , when there is difficulty in obtaining timely access to information that adversely affects either the completion of an engagement , its scope , or both , gao 's product will [think/show] that gao had this difficulty .

A request to investigate the reasons for the bank failures in Ohio , for example , may reflect an interest only in Ohio , but it could be a `` tip of the iceberg '' question .
a request to investigate the reasons for the bank failures in ohio , for example , may [think/show] an interest only in ohio , but it could be a `` tip of the iceberg '' question .

A valid measure-that is , one with construct validity-reflects what it claims to reflect and not something else .
a valid measure-that is , one with construct validity-reflects what it claims to [think/show] and not something else .

Some authorities on evaluation methods believe that case studies reflect the author 's values in ways that can be difficult to detect .
some authorities on evaluation methods believe that case studies [think/show] the author 's values in ways that can be difficult to detect .

Even as more people are accumulating balances through employer-sponsored 401 ( k ) saving plans and individual retirement accounts , personal saving-which does not reflect gains on existing assets-has declined .
even as more people are accumulating balances through employer-sponsored 401 ( k ) saving plans and individual retirement accounts , personal saving-which does not [think/show] gains on existing assets-has declined .

That is because capital gains reflect a revaluation of the nation 's existing capital stock and do not provide resources for financing investment that adds to the capital stock .
that is because capital gains [think/show] a revaluation of the nation 's existing capital stock and do not provide resources for financing investment that adds to the capital stock .

Changes in the market value of existing tangible and financial assets , such as land and stocks , reflect expectations about the productive potential of the underlying capital , but fluctuations in asset values may not represent real , permanent changes in the nation 's productive capacity .
changes in the market value of existing tangible and financial assets , such as land and stocks , [think/show] expectations about the productive potential of the underlying capital , but fluctuations in asset values may not represent real , permanent changes in the nation 's productive capacity .

NIPA data reflect production in the United States as well as U.S. transactions with the rest of the world .
nipa data [think/show] production in the united states as well as u.s. transactions with the rest of the world .

That is because capital gains reflect a revaluation of the nation 's existing capital stock and do not provide resources for financing investment that adds to the capital stock .
that is because capital gains [think/show] a revaluation of the nation 's existing capital stock and do not provide resources for financing investment that adds to the capital stock .

Page 23 GAO-01-591SP National Saving extent , bequests may be unplanned and thus reflect unspent retirement and precautionary saving .
page 23 gao-01-591sp national saving extent , bequests may be unplanned and thus [think/show] unspent retirement and precautionary saving .

With the personal saving rate around zero or negative , economists have questioned the relevance of the NIPA personal saving measure.24 Wealth measures , which reflect the value of existing assets based on current market conditions , show a fundamentally different trend , as illustrated in figure 1.2.25 Although these supplementary measures may explain why individual households may choose to save less , the NIPA personal saving rate shows that people are consuming virtually all of their current income and saving little for the future .
with the personal saving rate around zero or negative , economists have questioned the relevance of the nipa personal saving measure.24 wealth measures , which [think/show] the value of existing assets based on current market conditions , show a fundamentally different trend , as illustrated in figure 1.2.25 although these supplementary measures may explain why individual households may choose to save less , the nipa personal saving rate shows that people are consuming virtually all of their current income and saving little for the future .

It is important to note that these data reflect in part the fact that pensions are not a universal source of retirement income as is Social Security .
it is important to note that these data [think/show] in part the fact that pensions are not a universal source of retirement income as is social security .

We used the intermediate assumptions , which reflect the Trustees ' best estimate .
we used the intermediate assumptions , which [think/show] the trustees ' best estimate .

These HI projections do not reflect the growing cost of the Part B Supplementary Medical Insurance ( SMI ) component of Medicare , which covers outpatient services and is financed through general revenues and beneficiary premiums .
these hi projections do not [think/show] the growing cost of the part b supplementary medical insurance ( smi ) component of medicare , which covers outpatient services and is financed through general revenues and beneficiary premiums .

Federal Reserve researchers estimated that , as of the early 1990s , U.S. investment including education and R & D had declined as a share of GDP since the 1970s.14 A more controversial measure of personal saving would include changes in the value of existing assets.15 Since NIPA focuses on the current production of goods and services and on the income arising from that production , NIPA income and saving do not reflect changes in the value of existing tangible and financial assets , such as land , stocks , or bonds .
federal reserve researchers estimated that , as of the early 1990s , u.s. investment including education and r & d had declined as a share of gdp since the 1970s.14 a more controversial measure of personal saving would include changes in the value of existing assets.15 since nipa focuses on the current production of goods and services and on the income arising from that production , nipa income and saving do not [think/show] changes in the value of existing tangible and financial assets , such as land , stocks , or bonds .

Some portion of the change in the market value of existing assets may reflect increased productive capacity and thus could represent income and saving , but it is difficult to isolate that portion.16 Most gains and losses from transferring assets within and between sectors `` wash out '' at the national level and may not represent newly available resources for the economy as a whole.17 For example , when one household sells an appreciated asset to another household , any gain realized may be used to finance the seller 's consumption , but the transaction does not increase the nation 's income or output .
some portion of the change in the market value of existing assets may [think/show] increased productive capacity and thus could represent income and saving , but it is difficult to isolate that portion.16 most gains and losses from transferring assets within and between sectors `` wash out '' at the national level and may not represent newly available resources for the economy as a whole.17 for example , when one household sells an appreciated asset to another household , any gain realized may be used to finance the seller 's consumption , but the transaction does not increase the nation 's income or output .

Moreover , the market value of financial assets is often volatile and may not reflect a real , permanent change in the productive potential of the underlying capital assets .
moreover , the market value of financial assets is often volatile and may not [think/show] a real , permanent change in the productive potential of the underlying capital assets .

Positive amounts of net debt reflect how much of the nation 's private wealth has been absorbed to finance federal deficits .
positive amounts of net debt [think/show] how much of the nation 's private wealth has been absorbed to finance federal deficits .

Negative amounts of net debt reflect how much of the nation 's private financial assets have been acquired by the federal government .
negative amounts of net debt [think/show] how much of the nation 's private financial assets have been acquired by the federal government .

These fiscal policy simulations do not reflect other federal commitments and responsibilities not fully recognized in the federal budget , including the costs of federal insurance programs , clean-up costs from federal operations resulting in hazardous wastes , and the demand for new investment to modernize deteriorating or obsolete physical infrastructure ( e.g. , transportation systems , and sewage and water treatment plants ) .
these fiscal policy simulations do not [think/show] other federal commitments and responsibilities not fully recognized in the federal budget , including the costs of federal insurance programs , clean-up costs from federal operations resulting in hazardous wastes , and the demand for new investment to modernize deteriorating or obsolete physical infrastructure ( e.g. , transportation systems , and sewage and water treatment plants ) .

In addition to the greater-than-usual uncertainty about productivity growth , it is too soon to tell whether recent boosts in federal revenue reflect a structural change in the economy or a more temporary divergence from historical trends .
in addition to the greater-than-usual uncertainty about productivity growth , it is too soon to tell whether recent boosts in federal revenue [think/show] a structural change in the economy or a more temporary divergence from historical trends .

For this reason , CBO 's projections do not reflect the full cost of maintaining current policies if maintaining those policies would require enacting new legislation .
for this reason , cbo 's projections do not [think/show] the full cost of maintaining current policies if maintaining those policies would require enacting new legislation .

For example , the budget projections do not reflect the costs of laws that are regularly extended for a few years at a time , such as continuing payments to farmers that have been provided for the last three years or extending tax credits due to expire .
for example , the budget projections do not [think/show] the costs of laws that are regularly extended for a few years at a time , such as continuing payments to farmers that have been provided for the last three years or extending tax credits due to expire .

The projections also do not reflect the expected 17See Congressional Budget Office , The Budget and Economic Outlook : An Update ( July 2000 ) , pp .
the projections also do not [think/show] the expected 17see congressional budget office , the budget and economic outlook : an update ( july 2000 ) , pp .

However , the accumulation and exhaustion of the trust fund 's balance does not reflect how Social Security finances affect federal government and national saving .
however , the accumulation and exhaustion of the trust fund 's balance does not [think/show] how social security finances affect federal government and national saving .

If people adjust their retirement plan to reflect benefit reductions , increased personal saving today could provide new resources to invest .
if people adjust their retirement plan to [think/show] benefit reductions , increased personal saving today could provide new resources to invest .

Page 114 GAO-01-591SP National Saving These estimates do not reflect the growing cost of the SMI component , which accounts for somewhat more than 40 percent of Medicare spending .
page 114 gao-01-591sp national saving these estimates do not [think/show] the growing cost of the smi component , which accounts for somewhat more than 40 percent of medicare spending .

In addition to 1The NIPA data presented throughout this report reflect changes made in the 11th comprehensive revision of the national accounts in 1999 , including the reclassification of software purchases as investment , which is discussed in Q2.5 .
in addition to 1the nipa data presented throughout this report [think/show] changes made in the 11th comprehensive revision of the national accounts in 1999 , including the reclassification of software purchases as investment , which is discussed in q2.5 .

Historical NIPA data were downloaded from BEA 's website ( www.bea.doc.gov/bea.dnl.htm ) and reflect recent data presented in Survey of Current Business , Bureau of Economic Analysis , Vol .
historical nipa data were downloaded from bea 's website ( www.bea.doc.gov/bea.dnl.htm ) and [think/show] recent data presented in survey of current business , bureau of economic analysis , vol .

Historical FFA data were downloaded from the Federal Reserve Board website : www.federalreserve.gov/releases/Z1/Current/data.htm and reflect data presented in Flow of Funds Accounts of the United States : Flows and Outstandings , Fourth Quarter 2000 ( Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System , March 9 , 2001 ) .
historical ffa data were downloaded from the federal reserve board website : www.federalreserve.gov/releases/z1/current/data.htm and [think/show] data presented in flow of funds accounts of the united states : flows and outstandings , fourth quarter 2000 ( board of governors of the federal reserve system , march 9 , 2001 ) .

For demographic trends and the financial outlook for the Social Security and Medicare Hospital Insurance programs , we used the intermediate actuarial projections , which reflect the best estimate of the Social Security and Medicare Boards of Trustees .
for demographic trends and the financial outlook for the social security and medicare hospital insurance programs , we used the intermediate actuarial projections , which [think/show] the best estimate of the social security and medicare boards of trustees .

Our simulation results reflect unified budget deficits/surpluses .
our simulation results [think/show] unified budget deficits/surpluses .

The model depicts the links between saving and the economy over the long term and does not reflect their interrelationships during short-term business cycles .
the model depicts the links between saving and the economy over the long term and does not [think/show] their interrelationships during short-term business cycles .

The intermediate projections , which reflect the Trustees ' best estimate , reflect changes in the working age population , particularly the increasing rate of retirement by the baby boom generation after 2010 .
the intermediate projections , which [think/show] the trustees ' best estimate , [think/show] changes in the working age population , particularly the increasing rate of retirement by the baby boom generation after 2010 .

They also reflect projections of labor force participation rates , unemployment rates , and weekly hours worked .
they also [think/show] projections of labor force participation rates , unemployment rates , and weekly hours worked .

To reflect this tendency to move towards equilibrium , we hold net foreign investment constant at the nominal dollar level in 2000 .
to [think/show] this tendency to move towards equilibrium , we hold net foreign investment constant at the nominal dollar level in 2000 .

These simulations reflect discretionary spending growing with inflation after 2001 ; in our earlier reports , discretionary spending was assumed to comply with statutory caps in effect through 2002 .
these simulations [think/show] discretionary spending growing with inflation after 2001 ; in our earlier reports , discretionary spending was assumed to comply with statutory caps in effect through 2002 .

The assessment also discusses the costs involved in two alternatives that were considered but were found not to adequately reflect the intent of the legislation , as reflected by the legislative history of Public Law 104-193 .
the assessment also discusses the costs involved in two alternatives that were considered but were found not to adequately [think/show] the intent of the legislation , as reflected by the legislative history of public law 104-193 .

Managers told us that performance measurement systems work best when combined with established measures that reflect customer/stakeholder needs and the activities of employees that are directly involved in information management .
managers told us that performance measurement systems work best when combined with established measures that [think/show] customer/stakeholder needs and the activities of employees that are directly involved in information management .

Working together , the members reflect the interests of not just information technology and management , but the user community and the project « s stakeholders , and provide a holistic blend of technical , project management , value management , budget , finance , and procurement skills and capabilities to meet mission needs .
working together , the members [think/show] the interests of not just information technology and management , but the user community and the project « s stakeholders , and provide a holistic blend of technical , project management , value management , budget , finance , and procurement skills and capabilities to meet mission needs .

National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 The preambles to both the proposed and final rules reflect HUD 's finding that the rule will not have a significant impact on the environment .
national environmental policy act of 1969 the preambles to both the proposed and final rules [think/show] hud 's finding that the rule will not have a significant impact on the environment .

To ensure that the dialogue would include the variety of issues and individuals in the legal services community , NLADA and LSC selected participants to reflect both the leadership and emerging leadership of the field .
to ensure that the dialogue would include the variety of issues and individuals in the legal services community , nlada and lsc selected participants to [think/show] both the leadership and emerging leadership of the field .

Recruitment and retention efforts often reflect the importance of a diverse workplace and the commitment of board and staff to this value .
recruitment and retention efforts often [think/show] the importance of a diverse workplace and the commitment of board and staff to this value .

Our leadership will reflect the expanded diversity in the general program population .
our leadership will [think/show] the expanded diversity in the general program population .

National , state and local program boards reflect the diversity of the communities they serve .
national , state and local program boards [think/show] the diversity of the communities they serve .

Funding allocations reflect the high priority that programs place on aggressive discrimination-based advocacy and attaining diversity goals .
funding allocations [think/show] the high priority that programs place on aggressive discrimination-based advocacy and attaining diversity goals .

Recruitment and Retention of Diverse Leadership/Governance Steps are initiated to allow program board membership to reflect the clienteligible community and include representatives from the funding community , corporations and other partners .
recruitment and retention of diverse leadership/governance steps are initiated to allow program board membership to [think/show] the clienteligible community and include representatives from the funding community , corporations and other partners .

We anticipate that the module will increase commitment to building a multi-culturally competent staff and services that reflect the diverse backgrounds of client communities by engaging boards in candid conversations and exercises on fostering inclusion , cultivating new leadership , and expanding diversity parameters in their programs .
we anticipate that the module will increase commitment to building a multi-culturally competent staff and services that [think/show] the diverse backgrounds of client communities by engaging boards in candid conversations and exercises on fostering inclusion , cultivating new leadership , and expanding diversity parameters in their programs .

LSC statistics for CY 2002 will reflect the input of all these performance measures .
lsc statistics for cy 2002 will [think/show] the input of all these performance measures .

Each laboratory 's reference toxicity data will reflect conditions unique to that facility , including dilution water , culturing , and other variables ; however , each laboratory 's reference toxicity results should reflect good repeatability .
each laboratory 's reference toxicity data will [think/show] conditions unique to that facility , including dilution water , culturing , and other variables ; however , each laboratory 's reference toxicity results should [think/show] good repeatability .

Each laboratory 's reference toxicity data will reflect conditions unique to that facility , including dilution water , culturing , and other variables ; however , each laboratory 's reference toxicity results should reflect good repeatability .
each laboratory 's reference toxicity data will [think/show] conditions unique to that facility , including dilution water , culturing , and other variables ; however , each laboratory 's reference toxicity results should [think/show] good repeatability .

Finally , EIA notes that The program spending assumptions developed in this analysis are used only to approximate the impact of the CEF scenario s. They do not reflect EPA endorsement of these spending levels .
finally , eia notes that the program spending assumptions developed in this analysis are used only to approximate the impact of the cef scenario s. they do not [think/show] epa endorsement of these spending levels .

In effect , the incremental expenditures reflect the range of decisions made by the electricity sector to comply with each of the four scenario constraints-but do not reflect efforts made outside the electricity sector .
in effect , the incremental expenditures [think/show] the range of decisions made by the electricity sector to comply with each of the four scenario constraints-but do not [think/show] efforts made outside the electricity sector .

The excess emissions penalties reflect changes from the allowance holding requirements from unit-level to facility-level compliance in Section 403 .
the excess emissions penalties [think/show] changes from the allowance holding requirements from unit-level to facility-level compliance in section 403 .

In determining the amount of allowances in each unit account and general account as of that deadline , the Administrator will discount allowances allocated for 2011 or later at a rate of seven percent per year to reflect the time value of allowances .
in determining the amount of allowances in each unit account and general account as of that deadline , the administrator will discount allowances allocated for 2011 or later at a rate of seven percent per year to [think/show] the time value of allowances .

The definition for `` adjusted baseline heat input '' establishes a modified baseline heat input value , which , for units with an operating history , is adjusted by a standard factor to reflect the types of coal that were combusted .
the definition for `` adjusted baseline heat input '' establishes a modified baseline heat input value , which , for units with an operating history , is adjusted by a standard factor to [think/show] the types of coal that were combusted .

Allowances will be allocated based on the units ' baseline heat input , which , for units with an operating history , is adjusted by a standard factor to reflect the types of coal that were combusted .
allowances will be allocated based on the units ' baseline heat input , which , for units with an operating history , is adjusted by a standard factor to [think/show] the types of coal that were combusted .

The Administrator is required , at least every eight years , to review and , if appropriate revise , these performance standards to reflect the degree of emission limitation achievable through application of the best system of emission reduction which the Administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated .
the administrator is required , at least every eight years , to review and , if appropriate revise , these performance standards to [think/show] the degree of emission limitation achievable through application of the best system of emission reduction which the administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated .

Each laboratory 's reference toxicity data will reflect conditions unique to that facility , including dilution water , culturing , and other variables ; however , each laboratory 's reference toxicity results should reflect good repeatability .
each laboratory 's reference toxicity data will [think/show] conditions unique to that facility , including dilution water , culturing , and other variables ; however , each laboratory 's reference toxicity results should [think/show] good repeatability .

For the Clear Skies Act , EPA 's projections reflect that the majority of FGD installations will involve a single absorber unit installation per plant ; however , the maximum projected number of scrubbers retrofitted at any facility is three absorber modules serving six boilers with a maximum of 2400 MWe of boiler capacity .
for the clear skies act , epa 's projections [think/show] that the majority of fgd installations will involve a single absorber unit installation per plant ; however , the maximum projected number of scrubbers retrofitted at any facility is three absorber modules serving six boilers with a maximum of 2400 mwe of boiler capacity .

For those plants where EPA projects SCR retrofits will occur , EPA 's projections reflect that these facilities will typically have 1 to 4 boilers retrofit per site .
for those plants where epa projects scr retrofits will occur , epa 's projections [think/show] that these facilities will typically have 1 to 4 boilers retrofit per site .

For those plants where EPA projects ACI retrofits will occur , EPA 's projections reflect that these facilities will either have 1 to 2 boilers retrofit per site .
for those plants where epa projects aci retrofits will occur , epa 's projections [think/show] that these facilities will either have 1 to 2 boilers retrofit per site .

The availability of resources was based on their current market demand and does not reflect the increased production capacity that a multipollutant strategy may create .
the availability of resources was based on their current market demand and does not [think/show] the increased production capacity that a multipollutant strategy may create .

The two sets of estimates depicted in this table reflect alternative assumptions and analytical approaches regarding quantifying and evaluating the effects of airborne particles on public health .
the two sets of estimates depicted in this table [think/show] alternative assumptions and analytical approaches regarding quantifying and evaluating the effects of airborne particles on public health .

The approach used to create inventories was the same as that used for the Heavy-Duty Engine ( HDE ) Rulemaking analysis ( US EPA , 2000d ) with modifications to reflect emission and modeling advances since that analysis.4 Power generation emissions of SOx and NOx for each of the scenarios is presented in The Clear Skies Act : Technical Support Package .
the approach used to create inventories was the same as that used for the heavy-duty engine ( hde ) rulemaking analysis ( us epa , 2000d ) with modifications to [think/show] emission and modeling advances since that analysis.4 power generation emissions of sox and nox for each of the scenarios is presented in the clear skies act : technical support package .

These new `` prospective cohort '' studies reflect a significant improvement over the earlier work because they include information on individual information with respect to measures related to health status and residence .
these new `` prospective cohort '' studies [think/show] a significant improvement over the earlier work because they include information on individual information with respect to measures related to health status and residence .

Alternative Estimate To reflect concerns about the inherent limitations in the number of studies supporting a causal association between long-term exposure and mortality , an Alternative benefit estimate was derived from the large number of time-series studies that have established a likely causal relationship between short-term measures of PM and daily mortality statistics .
alternative estimate to [think/show] concerns about the inherent limitations in the number of studies supporting a causal association between long-term exposure and mortality , an alternative benefit estimate was derived from the large number of time-series studies that have established a likely causal relationship between short-term measures of pm and daily mortality statistics .

Some reviewers have also noted that the observed mortality associations from the 1980 's and 90 's may reflect higher pollution exposures from the 1950 's to 1960 's .
some reviewers have also noted that the observed mortality associations from the 1980 's and 90 's may [think/show] higher pollution exposures from the 1950 's to 1960 's .

The adjustment to the mortality unit valuation for growth in real income in 2020 is achieved using an adjustment factor of 1.278.2 This value does not reflect the adjustment for changes in real income over time that is included in the chronic bronchitis valuation in our national benefits summaries .
the adjustment to the mortality unit valuation for growth in real income in 2020 is achieved using an adjustment factor of 1.278.2 this value does not [think/show] the adjustment for changes in real income over time that is included in the chronic bronchitis valuation in our national benefits summaries .

These values do not reflect the adjustment for changes in real income over time that is included in the benefit valuations in our national benefits summaries .
these values do not [think/show] the adjustment for changes in real income over time that is included in the benefit valuations in our national benefits summaries .

When there are significant differences between the population affected by a particular health risk and the populations used in the labor market studies , as is the case here , some economists prefer to adjust the VSL estimate to reflect those differences .
when there are significant differences between the population affected by a particular health risk and the populations used in the labor market studies , as is the case here , some economists prefer to adjust the vsl estimate to [think/show] those differences .

We adopted a 3 percent discount rate for our Base analysis in this case to reflect reliance on a `` social rate of time preference '' discounting concept .
we adopted a 3 percent discount rate for our base analysis in this case to [think/show] reliance on a `` social rate of time preference '' discounting concept .

We have also calculated benefits using a 7 percent rate consistent with an `` opportunity cost of capital '' concept to reflect the time value of resources directed to meet regulatory requirements .
we have also calculated benefits using a 7 percent rate consistent with an `` opportunity cost of capital '' concept to [think/show] the time value of resources directed to meet regulatory requirements .

As further support for the Base Estimate , the SAB-EEAC advised in their recent report that the EPA `` continue to use a wage-risk-based VSL as its Base Estimate , including appropriate sensitivity analyses to reflect the uncertainty of these estimates , '' and that `` the only risk characteristic for which adjustments to the VSL can be made is the timing of the risk '' ( EPA-SAB-EEAC-00-013 ) .
as further support for the base estimate , the sab-eeac advised in their recent report that the epa `` continue to use a wage-risk-based vsl as its base estimate , including appropriate sensitivity analyses to [think/show] the uncertainty of these estimates , '' and that `` the only risk characteristic for which adjustments to the vsl can be made is the timing of the risk '' ( epa-sab-eeac-00-013 ) .

While there is no empirical evidence to support or reject hypotheses regarding wealth and observed WTP , WTP for additional life years by the elderly may in part reflect their wealth position vis a vis middle age respondents .
while there is no empirical evidence to support or reject hypotheses regarding wealth and observed wtp , wtp for additional life years by the elderly may in part [think/show] their wealth position vis a vis middle age respondents .

Alternative Estimate For the Alternative Estimate , a cost-of illness value is used in place of willingness-to-pay to reflect uncertainty about the value of reductions in incidences of chronic bronchitis .
alternative estimate for the alternative estimate , a cost-of illness value is used in place of willingness-to-pay to [think/show] uncertainty about the value of reductions in incidences of chronic bronchitis .

Adjustments for Changes in Income Over Time Recent SAB deliberations on mortality and morbidity valuation approaches suggest that some adjustments to unit values are appropriate to reflect economic theory ( EPA-SAB-EEAC-00-013 , 2000 ) .
adjustments for changes in income over time recent sab deliberations on mortality and morbidity valuation approaches suggest that some adjustments to unit values are appropriate to [think/show] economic theory ( epa-sab-eeac-00-013 , 2000 ) .

These values reflect the adjustment for changes in real income over time that is included in the benefit valuations in our national benefits summaries .
these values [think/show] the adjustment for changes in real income over time that is included in the benefit valuations in our national benefits summaries .

This variability may reflect regionally specific C-R functions resulting from regional differences in factors such as the physical and chemical composition of PM .
this variability may [think/show] regionally specific c-r functions resulting from regional differences in factors such as the physical and chemical composition of pm .

Such an assessment also requires an understanding of how alternative valuation approaches reflect that some individuals may be more susceptible to air pollution-induced mortality , or reflect differences in the nature of the risk presented by air pollution relative to the risks studied in the relevant economic literature .
such an assessment also requires an understanding of how alternative valuation approaches [think/show] that some individuals may be more susceptible to air pollution-induced mortality , or [think/show] differences in the nature of the risk presented by air pollution relative to the risks studied in the relevant economic literature .

An ideal benefits estimate of mortality risk reduction would reflect these human characteristics , in addition to an individual 's willingness to pay ( WTP ) to improve one 's own chances of survival plus WTP to improve other individuals ' survival rates.27 The ideal measure would also take into account the specific nature of the risk reduction commodity that is provided to individuals , as well as the context in which risk is reduced .
an ideal benefits estimate of mortality risk reduction would [think/show] these human characteristics , in addition to an individual 's willingness to pay ( wtp ) to improve one 's own chances of survival plus wtp to improve other individuals ' survival rates.27 the ideal measure would also take into account the specific nature of the risk reduction commodity that is provided to individuals , as well as the context in which risk is reduced .

To the extent that the mortality risks addressed in this assessment are associated with longer periods of illness or greater pain and suffering than are the risks addressed in the valuation literature , the WTP measurements employed in the present analysis would reflect a downward bias .
to the extent that the mortality risks addressed in this assessment are associated with longer periods of illness or greater pain and suffering than are the risks addressed in the valuation literature , the wtp measurements employed in the present analysis would [think/show] a downward bias .

Total benefit numbers reflect use of three percent discount rate .
total benefit numbers [think/show] use of three percent discount rate .

The two available sources , both authored by Michael Jones-Lee , derive significantly differing adjustment factors , and reflect reflecting the overall uncertainty within the literature about age-specific VSL adjustments .
the two available sources , both authored by michael jones-lee , derive significantly differing adjustment factors , and [think/show] reflecting the overall uncertainty within the literature about age-specific vsl adjustments .

A These results indicate the sensitivity of the primary benefits estimate to alternative assumptions ; results reflect the use of a three percent discount rate , where appropriate .
a these results indicate the sensitivity of the primary benefits estimate to alternative assumptions ; results [think/show] the use of a three percent discount rate , where appropriate .

A These results indicate the sensitivity of the primary benefits estimate to alternative assumptions ; results reflect the use of a three percent discount rate , where appropriate .
a these results indicate the sensitivity of the primary benefits estimate to alternative assumptions ; results [think/show] the use of a three percent discount rate , where appropriate .

The Administrator shall adjust the foregoing calculation to reflect projected calendar year 1995 utilization of the units subject to the emissions limitations of this subpart that the Administrator finds would have occurred in the absence of the imposition of such requirements .
the administrator shall adjust the foregoing calculation to [think/show] projected calendar year 1995 utilization of the units subject to the emissions limitations of this subpart that the administrator finds would have occurred in the absence of the imposition of such requirements .

The differences in slopes and intercepts reflect population differences .
the differences in slopes and intercepts [think/show] population differences .

Postal Service classifies these costs as part of mail processing , we adjust the percentages of mail processing costs upward for France and Finland to reflect a similar treatment .
postal service classifies these costs as part of mail processing , we adjust the percentages of mail processing costs upward for france and finland to [think/show] a similar treatment .

The cost percentages reflect labor and non labor costs , except for Germany .
the cost percentages [think/show] labor and non labor costs , except for germany .

Thus , there may be less fixed costs on these routes than indicated by the elasticities embedded in the cost model based on U.S. costs , which reflect very high coverage levels .
thus , there may be less fixed costs on these routes than indicated by the elasticities embedded in the cost model based on u.s. costs , which [think/show] very high coverage levels .

The portion of the model costs that are labor costs is adjusted downwards to reflect hourly labor cost differences between Poste Italiane and the U.S .
the portion of the model costs that are labor costs is adjusted downwards to [think/show] hourly labor cost differences between poste italiane and the u.s .

In addition , model costs are adjusted to reflect the Poste Italiane proportion of low-cost letters ( and cards ) , medium-cost flats , and high-cost parcels .
in addition , model costs are adjusted to [think/show] the poste italiane proportion of low-cost letters ( and cards ) , medium-cost flats , and high-cost parcels .

The attributable ( variable ) cost from the model ( V/Q0*P = $ 0.194 ) is adjusted to reflect the different shape mix of mail handled by Poste Italiane .
the attributable ( variable ) cost from the model ( v/q0*p = $ 0.194 ) is adjusted to [think/show] the different shape mix of mail handled by poste italiane .

FY 2000 Adjusted to Reflect Terminal Dues System Based on Domestic Postage 4Payments from the U.S. to FPAs for the Delivery of US Outbound mail 4/ 8/ 5 FPA Payments to the U.S. for the Delivery of Foreign Origin Inbound Mail 5/ 9/ 6 U.S .
fy 2000 adjusted to [think/show] terminal dues system based on domestic postage 4payments from the u.s. to fpas for the delivery of us outbound mail 4/ 8/ 5 fpa payments to the u.s. for the delivery of foreign origin inbound mail 5/ 9/ 6 u.s .

Postal Service Net Terminal Dues ( L.6 - L.3 ) ( $ 109,249 ) $ 50,159 ( $ 59,090 ) FPA = Foreign Postal Administration 1/ FY 2000 terminal dues essentially reflect the current terminal dues system , except for the 7.5 % surcharge on payments to DCs that go into a common pool to be used by DCs for improvements to quality of service .
postal service net terminal dues ( l.6 - l.3 ) ( $ 109,249 ) $ 50,159 ( $ 59,090 ) fpa = foreign postal administration 1/ fy 2000 terminal dues essentially [think/show] the current terminal dues system , except for the 7.5 % surcharge on payments to dcs that go into a common pool to be used by dcs for improvements to quality of service .

For this reason , FY 2000 actual results were not restated to reflect the effect of the surcharge .
for this reason , fy 2000 actual results were not restated to [think/show] the effect of the surcharge .

Table 2 below displays the revenue , attributable cost , contribution to institutional cost , and cost coverage for ( 1 ) actual FY 2000 and ( 2 ) FY 2000 adjusted to reflect a domestic postage-based payment system for the exchange of mail among countries .
table 2 below displays the revenue , attributable cost , contribution to institutional cost , and cost coverage for ( 1 ) actual fy 2000 and ( 2 ) fy 2000 adjusted to [think/show] a domestic postage-based payment system for the exchange of mail among countries .

Contribution and cost coverage change to reflect those differences .
contribution and cost coverage change to [think/show] those differences .

These distribution keys appear to reasonably reflect the distribution of inbound of mail , subject to the caveats above .
these distribution keys appear to reasonably [think/show] the distribution of inbound of mail , subject to the caveats above .

The statistics shown in table 1 ( row 2 ) reflect both in-office and out-of-office delivery time.12 In-office time is closely related to volume .
the statistics shown in table 1 ( row 2 ) [think/show] both in-office and out-of-office delivery time.12 in-office time is closely related to volume .

New data may show an increase in variable load time to reflect the increased use of kiosks and a decrease in route time .
new data may show an increase in variable load time to [think/show] the increased use of kiosks and a decrease in route time .

The difference in unit delivery costs values reflect different input prices in the two countries .
the difference in unit delivery costs values [think/show] different input prices in the two countries .

Our inability to ascertain the activities of Hazmi and Mihdhar during their first two weeks in the United States may reflect al Qaeda tradecraft designed to protect the identity of anyone who may have assisted them during that period .
our inability to ascertain the activities of hazmi and mihdhar during their first two weeks in the united states may [think/show] al qaeda tradecraft designed to protect the identity of anyone who may have assisted them during that period .

A statement from the deputy fire safety director informing tenants that the incident had occurred in the other building was consistent with protocol ; the expanded advice did not correspond to any existing written protocol , and did not reflect any instruction known to have been given to the deputy fire safety director that day .
a statement from the deputy fire safety director informing tenants that the incident had occurred in the other building was consistent with protocol ; the expanded advice did not correspond to any existing written protocol , and did not [think/show] any instruction known to have been given to the deputy fire safety director that day .

We believe the Attorney General 's testimony does not fairly or accurately reflect the significance of the 1995 documents and their relevance to the 2001 discussions .
we believe the attorney general 's testimony does not fairly or accurately [think/show] the significance of the 1995 documents and their relevance to the 2001 discussions .

We reflect on whether the government is organized adequately to direct resources and build the intelligence capabilities it will need not just for countering terrorism , but for the broader range of national security challenges in the decades ahead .
we [think/show] on whether the government is organized adequately to direct resources and build the intelligence capabilities it will need not just for countering terrorism , but for the broader range of national security challenges in the decades ahead .

Perhaps these estimates reflect a touch of jealousy ; in any case , KSM was plainly a capable coordinator , having had years to hone his skills and build relationships .
perhaps these estimates [think/show] a touch of jealousy ; in any case , ksm was plainly a capable coordinator , having had years to hone his skills and build relationships .

All of us have had to pause , reflect , and sometimes change our minds as we studied these problems and considered the views of others .
all of us have had to pause , [think/show] , and sometimes change our minds as we studied these problems and considered the views of others .

Public references by candidate and then President Bush about terrorism before 9/11 tended to reflect these priorities , focusing on state-sponsored terrorism and WMD as a reason to mount a missile defense .
public references by candidate and then president bush about terrorism before 9/11 tended to [think/show] these priorities , focusing on state-sponsored terrorism and wmd as a reason to mount a missile defense .

Muslims themselves will have to reflect upon such basic issues as the concept of jihad , the position of women , and the place of non-Muslim minorities .
muslims themselves will have to [think/show] upon such basic issues as the concept of jihad , the position of women , and the place of non-muslim minorities .

The current efforts do not yet reflect a forward-looking strategic plan systematically analyzing assets , risks , costs , and benefits .
the current efforts do not yet [think/show] a forward-looking strategic plan systematically analyzing assets , risks , costs , and benefits .

Many of the act 's provisions are relatively noncontroversial , updating America 's surveillance laws to reflect technological developments in a digital age .
many of the act 's provisions are relatively noncontroversial , updating america 's surveillance laws to [think/show] technological developments in a digital age .

We believe such statements do not reflect an adequate appreciation of the FAA 's responsibility for the safety and security of civil aviation .
we believe such statements do not [think/show] an adequate appreciation of the faa 's responsibility for the safety and security of civil aviation .

Among the sources that reflect other important events of that morning , there is no documentary evidence for this call , but the relevant sources are incomplete .
among the sources that [think/show] other important events of that morning , there is no documentary evidence for this call , but the relevant sources are incomplete .

We used functional magnetic resonance imaging to show that the ability to change behaviour based on facial expression is not reflected in the activity of the fusiform face area ( which invariably appears to reflect only identity and not valence ) , but that general reversal learning is specifically correlated with activity in the lateral orbitofrontal and anterior cingulate/paracingulate cortices ( as well as other brain areas , including the ventral striatum and the inferior precentral sulcus ) ( Kringelbach and Rolls 2003 ) .
we used functional magnetic resonance imaging to show that the ability to change behaviour based on facial expression is not reflected in the activity of the fusiform face area ( which invariably appears to [think/show] only identity and not valence ) , but that general reversal learning is specifically correlated with activity in the lateral orbitofrontal and anterior cingulate/paracingulate cortices ( as well as other brain areas , including the ventral striatum and the inferior precentral sulcus ) ( kringelbach and rolls 2003 ) .

Measures of usual and one-night polysomnographically defined sleep time were only weakly , but statistically significantly , correlated ( r = 0.12 , p < 0.001 ) , supporting the concept that these measures reflect long-term and short-term changes in sleep amounts , respectively .
measures of usual and one-night polysomnographically defined sleep time were only weakly , but statistically significantly , correlated ( r = 0.12 , p < 0.001 ) , supporting the concept that these measures [think/show] long-term and short-term changes in sleep amounts , respectively .

Hormone measurements were all performed on a single fasted , morning sample and may not reflect the 24-h profile .
hormone measurements were all performed on a single fasted , morning sample and may not [think/show] the 24-h profile .

These often reflect cerebral specialisation , and Holloway believes that some of the asymmetries he sees in human fossil skulls may indicate when our ancestors acquired language .
these often [think/show] cerebral specialisation , and holloway believes that some of the asymmetries he sees in human fossil skulls may indicate when our ancestors acquired language .

Our objective function and model can be used to calculate allocation strategies that provide equity in access ( compensating for geographical isolation ) , but if authorities in a given nation prioritize a different goal for ARV rollout , then an objective function to optimize can be formulated to reflect the specific national policy goal .
our objective function and model can be used to calculate allocation strategies that provide equity in access ( compensating for geographical isolation ) , but if authorities in a given nation prioritize a different goal for arv rollout , then an objective function to optimize can be formulated to [think/show] the specific national policy goal .

To begin with , the results should encourage researchers to develop animal models that reflect , to the fullest extent possible , what is known about the natural history and pathogenesis of the disease in humans , rather than designing trials to fit the animal models that are available .
to begin with , the results should encourage researchers to develop animal models that [think/show] , to the fullest extent possible , what is known about the natural history and pathogenesis of the disease in humans , rather than designing trials to fit the animal models that are available .

However , there was no convincing evidence of variation across sites , and the incidence rates do not reflect the variations in the prevalence of possible risk factors in these sites .
however , there was no convincing evidence of variation across sites , and the incidence rates do not [think/show] the variations in the prevalence of possible risk factors in these sites .

It has also been suggested that circulating C-reactive protein levels may not reflect all relevant inflammatory effectors , owing to post-transcriptional regulation of C-reactive protein [ 22 ] .
it has also been suggested that circulating c-reactive protein levels may not [think/show] all relevant inflammatory effectors , owing to post-transcriptional regulation of c-reactive protein [ 22 ] .

Potentially the same issue might hold for putative cardiac progenitor cells isolated from skeletal muscle , where the phenotype observed may not necessarily reflect its role in vivo within skeletal muscle .
potentially the same issue might hold for putative cardiac progenitor cells isolated from skeletal muscle , where the phenotype observed may not necessarily [think/show] its role in vivo within skeletal muscle .

As a matter of principle , all of our policies reflect the view that scientific publishers are service providers and should not themselves restrict the potential applications of the largely publicly funded work in their journals .
as a matter of principle , all of our policies [think/show] the view that scientific publishers are service providers and should not themselves restrict the potential applications of the largely publicly funded work in their journals .

These findings reflect a specific receptor–ligand interaction because in the presence of a CXCR3 function-blocking antibody , IP-10 failed to induce MMP12 ( Figure 4B ) .
these findings [think/show] a specific receptor–ligand interaction because in the presence of a cxcr3 function-blocking antibody , ip-10 failed to induce mmp12 ( figure 4b ) .

We showed that ex-smoker individuals without obstructive lung disease or emphysema have comparatively little Th1-biased inflammation in their lungs ; thus , our findings reflect the inflammatory changes that are unique to the COPD microenvironment .
we showed that ex-smoker individuals without obstructive lung disease or emphysema have comparatively little th1-biased inflammation in their lungs ; thus , our findings [think/show] the inflammatory changes that are unique to the copd microenvironment .

While one study has shown a brain signature in a group of white people that is associated with racial bias , denying a particular individual a job on the basis of such a scan would likely lead straight to a lawsuit , with experts debating whether this scan in this individual on this day does or does n't reflect his underlying racial attitudes .
while one study has shown a brain signature in a group of white people that is associated with racial bias , denying a particular individual a job on the basis of such a scan would likely lead straight to a lawsuit , with experts debating whether this scan in this individual on this day does or does n't [think/show] his underlying racial attitudes .

CTL clones were selected directly from patient PBMC samples without enrichment in culture to closely reflect the composition of the antigen-specific T cell response in vivo at the time of isolation .
ctl clones were selected directly from patient pbmc samples without enrichment in culture to closely [think/show] the composition of the antigen-specific t cell response in vivo at the time of isolation .

The new world of rapid throughput and endless documentation provides little time to reflect upon important clinical problems and consider fresh approaches .
the new world of rapid throughput and endless documentation provides little time to [think/show] upon important clinical problems and consider fresh approaches .

Cortical representations are thus intended to reflect directly the statistical structure in the input .
cortical representations are thus intended to [think/show] directly the statistical structure in the input .

Such speculation has yet to lead to any specific suggestions for experiments , or to new ways to search for such life , but this may just reflect a failure of human imagination rather than a fundamental limitation on the nature of life .
such speculation has yet to lead to any specific suggestions for experiments , or to new ways to search for such life , but this may just [think/show] a failure of human imagination rather than a fundamental limitation on the nature of life .

About two decades ago , it became widely appreciated that many of the cell surface receptors that mediate cell–cell and cell–ECM interactions were structurally and functionally related , and the term “ integrins ” was coined to reflect the capacity of members of this family to integrate the extracellular and intracellular environment ( Hynes 1987 ) .
about two decades ago , it became widely appreciated that many of the cell surface receptors that mediate cell–cell and cell–ecm interactions were structurally and functionally related , and the term “ integrins ” was coined to [think/show] the capacity of members of this family to integrate the extracellular and intracellular environment ( hynes 1987 ) .

Interestingly , marked differences exist between strains in their responses to these autoimmune inductions that reflect genetic variation associated with susceptibility to autoimmune diseases .
interestingly , marked differences exist between strains in their responses to these autoimmune inductions that [think/show] genetic variation associated with susceptibility to autoimmune diseases .

The prevention-centered scenario tested the impact of a comprehensive package of 12 prevention tools ( such as VCT and peer counseling for sex workers ) , modeling only partial effectiveness at the population level , to reflect weaker political and social support for HIV control efforts .
the prevention-centered scenario tested the impact of a comprehensive package of 12 prevention tools ( such as vct and peer counseling for sex workers ) , modeling only partial effectiveness at the population level , to [think/show] weaker political and social support for hiv control efforts .

Most importantly , dispersal of that fund would reflect the wishes of eminent peer reviewers , assessing competitive bids in search of the best science , rather than the judgements of Eurocrats , looking for the most politically and economically expedient solutions and operating on a lead time of two years or more .
most importantly , dispersal of that fund would [think/show] the wishes of eminent peer reviewers , assessing competitive bids in search of the best science , rather than the judgements of eurocrats , looking for the most politically and economically expedient solutions and operating on a lead time of two years or more .

Excellence is key. ’ Taylor 's cautions reflect his experience of the EU 's Framework Programme and his reservations that any initiative from Brussels can be free of red tape .
excellence is key. ’ taylor 's cautions [think/show] his experience of the eu 's framework programme and his reservations that any initiative from brussels can be free of red tape .

While these results supported looking at the easily accessible peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( PBMCs ) for potential markers that reflect the disease , some doubts persisted .
while these results supported looking at the easily accessible peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( pbmcs ) for potential markers that [think/show] the disease , some doubts persisted .

The protective mechanisms recommended by McKinney are opaque to the public and reflect a “ business as usual ” image that fails fully to account for the markedly changed circumstances and perceptions of academic biomedical research .
the protective mechanisms recommended by mckinney are opaque to the public and [think/show] a “ business as usual ” image that fails fully to account for the markedly changed circumstances and perceptions of academic biomedical research .

A common theme is substantial gene loss , or genome streamlining , which is thought to reflect an underlying deletion bias in bacterial genomes combined with reduced strength or efficacy of selection to maintain genes in the host cellular environment .
a common theme is substantial gene loss , or genome streamlining , which is thought to [think/show] an underlying deletion bias in bacterial genomes combined with reduced strength or efficacy of selection to maintain genes in the host cellular environment .

For example , the uniparental ( maternal ) mode of inheritance of both mitochondria and insect endosymbionts may reflect host defense against invasion by foreign microbes with strong deleterious effects , which spread more easily under biparental inheritance ( Law and Hutson 1992 ) .
for example , the uniparental ( maternal ) mode of inheritance of both mitochondria and insect endosymbionts may [think/show] host defense against invasion by foreign microbes with strong deleterious effects , which spread more easily under biparental inheritance ( law and hutson 1992 ) .

A particularly interesting test case is provided by the corn poppy Papaver rhoeas ; in the eastern Mediterranean region , it is pollinated by beetles and does not reflect in the UV ( Dafni et al .
a particularly interesting test case is provided by the corn poppy papaver rhoeas ; in the eastern mediterranean region , it is pollinated by beetles and does not [think/show] in the uv ( dafni et al .

It is not surprising that proviral latency , in which low levels of transcription or only short HIV transcripts containing TAR are observed , would in large part reflect the absence of these activators .
it is not surprising that proviral latency , in which low levels of transcription or only short hiv transcripts containing tar are observed , would in large part [think/show] the absence of these activators .

We hope that thinking about these questions from a student 's view may offer our senior colleagues a chance to reflect on their own work as physicians and their own place in our world .
we hope that thinking about these questions from a student 's view may offer our senior colleagues a chance to [think/show] on their own work as physicians and their own place in our world .

In contrast , the decreasing trends in the number of publications per investment dollar in Canada and United States could reflect a trend towards more costly research in larger scientific programs .
in contrast , the decreasing trends in the number of publications per investment dollar in canada and united states could [think/show] a trend towards more costly research in larger scientific programs .

According to Deacon , many of the language universals reflect semiotic constraints inherent in the requirements for producing symbolic reference rather than innate predispositions .
according to deacon , many of the language universals [think/show] semiotic constraints inherent in the requirements for producing symbolic reference rather than innate predispositions .

Variations of statin use by patient visit characteristics , if detected , would reflect a lack of equity in processes of care in that uniform practices are expected unless evidence-based guidelines recommend otherwise .
variations of statin use by patient visit characteristics , if detected , would [think/show] a lack of equity in processes of care in that uniform practices are expected unless evidence-based guidelines recommend otherwise .

Since these high challenge doses do not reflect the low probability of HIV transmission in humans , vaccines or prophylactic treatment strategies that are effective against “ real life ” exposures may go undetected in high-dose challenge experiments .
since these high challenge doses do not [think/show] the low probability of hiv transmission in humans , vaccines or prophylactic treatment strategies that are effective against “ real life ” exposures may go undetected in high-dose challenge experiments .

To maximize their epidemiological relevance , low-dose challenge experiments should therefore involve challenge doses that reflect transmission probabilities at the upper end of the spectrum .
to maximize their epidemiological relevance , low-dose challenge experiments should therefore involve challenge doses that [think/show] transmission probabilities at the upper end of the spectrum .

Formal ideas in mathematics are not arbitrary constructions of an arbitrary architecture ; rather , they reflect the workings of the brain like a massive collective cognitive experiment .
formal ideas in mathematics are not arbitrary constructions of an arbitrary architecture ; rather , they [think/show] the workings of the brain like a massive collective cognitive experiment .

December 1 , 1993 Dear : Birthdays are a time for celebration - a time to reflect on the past and anticipate the future .
december 1 , 1993 dear : birthdays are a time for celebration - a time to [think/show] on the past and anticipate the future .

December 6 , 1994 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name , As 1994 draws to a close , we at the School of Nursing pause to reflect on all we have accomplished in the 80 years since our founding in 1914 .
december 6 , 1994 name address city , st zip dear name , as 1994 draws to a close , we at the school of nursing pause to [think/show] on all we have accomplished in the 80 years since our founding in 1914 .

When finished , the Lilly House interior will reflect the quiet grandeur of its 1930s appearance during the early era of the Josiah K. Lilly Jr. family 's occupancy .
when finished , the lilly house interior will [think/show] the quiet grandeur of its 1930s appearance during the early era of the josiah k. lilly jr. family 's occupancy .

As one of the many cultural organizations that will appeal to you for year-end operating support , I hope you will reflect on what the museum means to you , your family , the community , teachers and students who value its presence in central Indiana and make your pledge accordingly .
as one of the many cultural organizations that will appeal to you for year-end operating support , i hope you will [think/show] on what the museum means to you , your family , the community , teachers and students who value its presence in central indiana and make your pledge accordingly .

President Clinton felt strongly that the redecorated Oval Office should reflect the cultural strength and diversity of our nation .
president clinton felt strongly that the redecorated oval office should [think/show] the cultural strength and diversity of our nation .

Our achievements reflect the excellence of the legal education we received .
our achievements [think/show] the excellence of the legal education we received .

When finished , the Lilly House interior will reflect the quiet grandeur of its 1930s appearance during the early era of the Josiah K. Lilly Jr. family 's occupancy .
when finished , the lilly house interior will [think/show] the quiet grandeur of its 1930s appearance during the early era of the josiah k. lilly jr. family 's occupancy .

Among the many traditions of the holiday season is taking time to reflect upon the things in our lives that add meaning .
among the many traditions of the holiday season is taking time to [think/show] upon the things in our lives that add meaning .

It is unclear whether the brain always knows the difference between processing the sensory input we usually think of as perception of reality and processing the processing which , as mirrors can reflect each other , can approach infinity as sense data become perceptions , become organized ideas , become abstract categories and then categories of categories .
it is unclear whether the brain always knows the difference between processing the sensory input we usually think of as perception of reality and processing the processing which , as mirrors can [think/show] each other , can approach infinity as sense data become perceptions , become organized ideas , become abstract categories and then categories of categories .

It may reflect S 's disquiet about his sexual proclivities : he writes a sad record of longing and vacillation in his two-year courtship of a certain Karen , a Danish psychoanalyst , and his almost immediate divorce from her after their marriage in 1938 .
it may [think/show] s 's disquiet about his sexual proclivities : he writes a sad record of longing and vacillation in his two-year courtship of a certain karen , a danish psychoanalyst , and his almost immediate divorce from her after their marriage in 1938 .

However , the Yankees , an American team , playing in the `` City of the Century '' ( so called by me to reflect the amazing growth and transformation of one city during this period ) , who play the `` National Pastime , '' are truly an amazing story .
however , the yankees , an american team , playing in the `` city of the century '' ( so called by me to [think/show] the amazing growth and transformation of one city during this period ) , who play the `` national pastime , '' are truly an amazing story .

Each `` identity '' is fully developed on Web sites devoted to Lewinsky , which essentially take news accounts and reflect upon them in a deeply silly manner .
each `` identity '' is fully developed on web sites devoted to lewinsky , which essentially take news accounts and [think/show] upon them in a deeply silly manner .

Nor would we want them to reflect a grassroots campaign of unwavering support .
nor would we want them to [think/show] a grassroots campaign of unwavering support .

Although such comments reflect Whad'Ya Know ?
although such comments [think/show] whad'ya know ?

The director selected his four subjects from many hundreds of potential candidates , followed them around for months , and then scripted their monologues and dialogues to reflect what he says he saw .
the director selected his four subjects from many hundreds of potential candidates , followed them around for months , and then scripted their monologues and dialogues to [think/show] what he says he saw .

It is just too boring to reflect our actual fantasy life , and so brazenly concerned with exploiting the Zeitgeist that it makes you wonder if it is n't Hollywood that 's shrouded in gloom , while the rest of us are getting along fine .
it is just too boring to [think/show] our actual fantasy life , and so brazenly concerned with exploiting the zeitgeist that it makes you wonder if it is n't hollywood that 's shrouded in gloom , while the rest of us are getting along fine .

The two stories are near twins because they both reflect the standard no-shoe-leather m.o .
the two stories are near twins because they both [think/show] the standard no-shoe-leather m.o .

Pick up a copy of the Miami Herald ( or , for that matter , the San Francisco Chronicle ) , and tell me with a straight face that those papers are doing the best job they can to reflect and report life in those cities .
pick up a copy of the miami herald ( or , for that matter , the san francisco chronicle ) , and tell me with a straight face that those papers are doing the best job they can to [think/show] and report life in those cities .

Sell-offs can get triggered for one reason and continue for different reasons , they can reflect genuine changes in investors ' ideas about the future or simply panic , and so on .
sell-offs can get triggered for one reason and continue for different reasons , they can [think/show] genuine changes in investors ' ideas about the future or simply panic , and so on .

This , it is felt , does not reflect an amusing brashness .
this , it is felt , does not [think/show] an amusing brashness .

I think it is important that as film critics we stay in touch with ordinary audiences -- not to reflect their values , because we must have our own , but to understand them .
i think it is important that as film critics we stay in touch with ordinary audiences -- not to [think/show] their values , because we must have our own , but to understand them .

In this the Christmas season , when tasty sweaters and snuggly cheeses are on everyone 's gift list , it 's traditional to reflect on where it all began .
in this the christmas season , when tasty sweaters and snuggly cheeses are on everyone 's gift list , it 's traditional to [think/show] on where it all began .

In a front-page comment in Corriere , veteran columnist Arrigo Levi marveled at the power of something as weak as one man 's voice to affect the governor 's decision , and he added that now `` perhaps America and other countries still favoring the death penalty will be induced to reflect on the words and the reasoning of the pope . ''
in a front-page comment in corriere , veteran columnist arrigo levi marveled at the power of something as weak as one man 's voice to affect the governor 's decision , and he added that now `` perhaps america and other countries still favoring the death penalty will be induced to [think/show] on the words and the reasoning of the pope . ''

On one hand , they let us know that Max is a screw-up and a hustler ; on the other , they collude with him in myriad ways , to the point of warping their mise en scène to reflect his worldview and enhance his stature .
on one hand , they let us know that max is a screw-up and a hustler ; on the other , they collude with him in myriad ways , to the point of warping their mise en scène to [think/show] his worldview and enhance his stature .

Rosenbaum 's purpose : to show how portraits of Hitler reflect broader cultural assumptions .
rosenbaum 's purpose : to show how portraits of hitler [think/show] broader cultural assumptions .

All content of this magazine represents the views of the respective authors and does not necessarily reflect the views of Microsoft Corp .
all content of this magazine represents the views of the respective authors and does not necessarily [think/show] the views of microsoft corp .

Do test-result disparities reflect just cultural-knowledge disparities ?
do test-result disparities [think/show] just cultural-knowledge disparities ?

Crook mentions `` capital appreciation , '' saying that his method will reflect it because `` dividends are themselves growing along with the worth of the company . ''
crook mentions `` capital appreciation , '' saying that his method will [think/show] it because `` dividends are themselves growing along with the worth of the company . ''

Some ( such as the New Republic and the National Review ) openly reflect the views of their owners .
some ( such as the new republic and the national review ) openly [think/show] the views of their owners .

Does any editorial page so clearly reflect that belief as USA Today 's , with its regular `` Opposing Opinion '' and cross section of positions ?
does any editorial page so clearly [think/show] that belief as usa today 's , with its regular `` opposing opinion '' and cross section of positions ?

Since The Rules do not reflect reality , what is their appeal -- and to whom ?
since the rules do not [think/show] reality , what is their appeal -- and to whom ?

Investing with James McDougal does not reflect the highest ethical standards .
investing with james mcdougal does not [think/show] the highest ethical standards .

They understand that the media do reflect the nation 's psyche -- and that is why the events of recent weeks have been so distressing .
they understand that the media do [think/show] the nation 's psyche -- and that is why the events of recent weeks have been so distressing .

They generally reflect the ambitions of state elected officials rather that the claims of sound public policy .
they generally [think/show] the ambitions of state elected officials rather that the claims of sound public policy .

The cover head shots reflect the stories inside .
the cover head shots [think/show] the stories inside .

It may sound old-fashioned to say so , but I do want art to reflect lived experience rather than just classroom questions .
it may sound old-fashioned to say so , but i do want art to [think/show] lived experience rather than just classroom questions .

Time for women to take a deep breath , reflect , relax and get inspired with our nightly hour-long conversation ( not a talk show ) between a celebrated woman and the most interesting people of the day. -- Those leather things she 's wearing on her feet ?
time for women to take a deep breath , [think/show] , relax and get inspired with our nightly hour-long conversation ( not a talk show ) between a celebrated woman and the most interesting people of the day. -- those leather things she 's wearing on her feet ?

Sam 's success could reflect its quasi-mislabeling , presenting a strong-flavored beer as a `` lager . ''
sam 's success could [think/show] its quasi-mislabeling , presenting a strong-flavored beer as a `` lager . ''

It could also reflect that participants simply thought it was good .
it could also [think/show] that participants simply thought it was good .

We would have a chance to bring some of them together to reflect ... ''
we would have a chance to bring some of them together to [think/show] ... ''

Tina Brown , same magazine , same piece , same lame figure of speech : `` Of course , we needed a new format , one that would reflect ... ''
tina brown , same magazine , same piece , same lame figure of speech : `` of course , we needed a new format , one that would [think/show] ... ''

Newsweek press release , announcing Susan Faludi piece on Atlanta : `` Recent Shootings Were Acts of Individual Madness , but Reflect ... ''
newsweek press release , announcing susan faludi piece on atlanta : `` recent shootings were acts of individual madness , but [think/show] ... ''

Changes Name to Blaze Software to Reflect ... ''
changes name to blaze software to [think/show] ... ''

Company Press Release : `` Maxnet , Inc. 's name has been changed to MaxPlanet , Corp. MXNT has changed its name to reflect ... ''
company press release : `` maxnet , inc. 's name has been changed to maxplanet , corp. mxnt has changed its name to [think/show] ... ''

An analysis in the Financial Times of London said that the protests reflect mounting frustration among Iran 's students and many ordinary citizens at the lack of progress in implementing President Mohammed Khatami 's reforms because of opposition by the conservative clerical authorities .
an analysis in the financial times of london said that the protests [think/show] mounting frustration among iran 's students and many ordinary citizens at the lack of progress in implementing president mohammed khatami 's reforms because of opposition by the conservative clerical authorities .

Sen. John McCain of Arizona declared that `` anyone who repudiates our involvement against Nazi Germany obviously does not reflect the views of America , much less the Republican Party '' and invited Buchanan to leave the GOP .
sen. john mccain of arizona declared that `` anyone who repudiates our involvement against nazi germany obviously does not [think/show] the views of america , much less the republican party '' and invited buchanan to leave the gop .

Clinton and Gore constantly recite statistics that reflect well on their administration : more jobs , lower deficits , lower interest rates , fewer people on welfare , less crime .
clinton and gore constantly recite statistics that [think/show] well on their administration : more jobs , lower deficits , lower interest rates , fewer people on welfare , less crime .

The stories are set in different walks of life -- a TV studio , a rodeo , a bank , an advertising agency , a toy factory -- and each one seems to reflect the setting accurately .
the stories are set in different walks of life -- a tv studio , a rodeo , a bank , an advertising agency , a toy factory -- and each one seems to [think/show] the setting accurately .

I do not consider this a deterioration ( this article has an average of 17 words per sentence ) , but it does reflect the change in the size and character of the audience and in the means of communication .
i do not consider this a deterioration ( this article has an average of 17 words per sentence ) , but it does [think/show] the change in the size and character of the audience and in the means of communication .

I 've always theorized that cartoonists ' drawing styles tend to suit their temperament in the same way that singers ' voices reflect their own messages .
i 've always theorized that cartoonists ' drawing styles tend to suit their temperament in the same way that singers ' voices [think/show] their own messages .

I assume that has something to do with trademark worries ( `` Webster 's '' is part of the name of several dictionaries now ) , but it may also reflect an unwillingness on the part of dictionary makers to admit that the public does n't discriminate the dictionary brands the way marketers would like them to .
i assume that has something to do with trademark worries ( `` webster 's '' is part of the name of several dictionaries now ) , but it may also [think/show] an unwillingness on the part of dictionary makers to admit that the public does n't discriminate the dictionary brands the way marketers would like them to .

I should add that I would have been in a better position to reflect the subtleties in Feingold 's position if his press office had returned repeated calls asking about it .
i should add that i would have been in a better position to [think/show] the subtleties in feingold 's position if his press office had returned repeated calls asking about it .

I can only reflect my own experience and observation .
i can only [think/show] my own experience and observation .

These numbers reflect consensus trends -- foreign films are barely alive , while independent ones are flourishing .
these numbers [think/show] consensus trends -- foreign films are barely alive , while independent ones are flourishing .

While a strong case can be made that the advantages are well worth the cost , this by itself does not reflect poorly on Slate .
while a strong case can be made that the advantages are well worth the cost , this by itself does not [think/show] poorly on slate .

Concerned , I wrote to Secretary Shalala in March , stating : `` The Westat findings may be extremely significant , but there is reason to doubt that they reflect an actual increase in abuse and neglect . ''
concerned , i wrote to secretary shalala in march , stating : `` the westat findings may be extremely significant , but there is reason to doubt that they [think/show] an actual increase in abuse and neglect . ''

Conservative critics such as Jed Perl and Hilton Kramer , who predictably have decried the motorcycle exhibit , might reflect upon the fact that the populist approach it represents grew out of the Mapplethorpe-National Endowment for the Arts controversy of the late 1980s -- which they started .
conservative critics such as jed perl and hilton kramer , who predictably have decried the motorcycle exhibit , might [think/show] upon the fact that the populist approach it represents grew out of the mapplethorpe-national endowment for the arts controversy of the late 1980s -- which they started .

It also does n't reflect the number of lives saved that might have been lost due to accident-related complications .
it also does n't [think/show] the number of lives saved that might have been lost due to accident-related complications .

Here , you can watch the sun 's orange light reflect off snowcapped Mount Rainier , or walk past trees that have been around for thousands of years .
here , you can watch the sun 's orange light [think/show] off snowcapped mount rainier , or walk past trees that have been around for thousands of years .

In his novels , prisons and ghettos reflect the low nature of their inhabitants .
in his novels , prisons and ghettos [think/show] the low nature of their inhabitants .

The purpose is to reflect the launch of Microsoft 's new `` portal site , '' msn.com .
the purpose is to [think/show] the launch of microsoft 's new `` portal site , '' msn.com .

If we 're stammering a bit , that may reflect the strain of not making any jokes .
if we 're stammering a bit , that may [think/show] the strain of not making any jokes .

These votes reflect a generous , expansive mood .
these votes [think/show] a generous , expansive mood .

Murdoch 's upscale newspaper , the Times , welcomed what it saw as a new public tolerance in the generally favorable response to Brown 's admission of his homosexuality and said Monday that `` the media appear to be lagging behind the electorate whose mores reflect a more forgiving view of what they expect of their MPs .
murdoch 's upscale newspaper , the times , welcomed what it saw as a new public tolerance in the generally favorable response to brown 's admission of his homosexuality and said monday that `` the media appear to be lagging behind the electorate whose mores [think/show] a more forgiving view of what they expect of their mps .

This Masterpiece Theatre-funded docudrama about Queen Victoria 's unusually close `` friendship '' with her Scottish manservant is said to reflect both the virtues and flaws of the PBS TV series : strong performances from actors little known in the United States ( Antony Sher , Judi Dench , and Billy Connolly ) , but also a cloying pretentiousness and `` decorousness '' ( Janet Maslin , New York Times ) .
this masterpiece theatre-funded docudrama about queen victoria 's unusually close `` friendship '' with her scottish manservant is said to [think/show] both the virtues and flaws of the pbs tv series : strong performances from actors little known in the united states ( antony sher , judi dench , and billy connolly ) , but also a cloying pretentiousness and `` decorousness '' ( janet maslin , new york times ) .

Weld 's moderation , his `` independent spirit , '' like his libertarianism , may actually reflect two less admirable qualities : first , a Clintonesque political slipperiness ; and , second , a lack of seriousness .
weld 's moderation , his `` independent spirit , '' like his libertarianism , may actually [think/show] two less admirable qualities : first , a clintonesque political slipperiness ; and , second , a lack of seriousness .

Even her responses to ethics charges reflect her political instincts .
even her responses to ethics charges [think/show] her political instincts .

Pundits said the caucuses do n't reflect the national electorate , but went on to assess their significance .
pundits said the caucuses do n't [think/show] the national electorate , but went on to assess their significance .

Because after-hours trading has yet to catch on with large numbers of investors , the after-hours and daytime markets can reflect different prices for the same stock .
because after-hours trading has yet to catch on with large numbers of investors , the after-hours and daytime markets can [think/show] different prices for the same stock .

Bush 's less than overwhelming margin of victory in the mock election does not reflect current opinion polls elsewhere : The NYT reports that Bush led a New Hampshire poll 40 percent to Sen. John McCain 's 10 percent .
bush 's less than overwhelming margin of victory in the mock election does not [think/show] current opinion polls elsewhere : the nyt reports that bush led a new hampshire poll 40 percent to sen. john mccain 's 10 percent .

Rupert Murdoch 's daily , the Australian , reported that Botany Bay , New South Wales , where Captain Cook landed in 1770 with the first white settlers from Britain , was to be renamed `` to reflect its Aboriginal heritage . ''
rupert murdoch 's daily , the australian , reported that botany bay , new south wales , where captain cook landed in 1770 with the first white settlers from britain , was to be renamed `` to [think/show] its aboriginal heritage . ''

The papers ' headlines reflect these two strands of the story .
the papers ' headlines [think/show] these two strands of the story .

The company responded by repeating its denial of youth targeting and stating that the documents are being taken out of context , telling the WP , `` Our documents reflect the social attitudes of the times in which they were created . ''
the company responded by repeating its denial of youth targeting and stating that the documents are being taken out of context , telling the wp , `` our documents [think/show] the social attitudes of the times in which they were created . ''

All the other critics in America -- '' our official arbiters of culture '' -- '' have lost the gift of being able to comprehend a work of art that does not reflect their immediate experience ; they have become afraid of genuine art . ''
all the other critics in america -- '' our official arbiters of culture '' -- '' have lost the gift of being able to comprehend a work of art that does not [think/show] their immediate experience ; they have become afraid of genuine art . ''

All the other critics in America -- '' [ o ] ur official arbiters of culture '' -- '' have lost the gift of being able to comprehend a work of art that does not reflect their immediate experience ; they have become afraid of genuine art . ''
all the other critics in america -- '' [ o ] ur official arbiters of culture '' -- '' have lost the gift of being able to comprehend a work of art that does not [think/show] their immediate experience ; they have become afraid of genuine art . ''

The vogue for vertical integration -- in which a network produces and distributes its own shows -- does reflect an important new reality , which is that since 1995 networks have been able to have a financial interest in their own programming .
the vogue for vertical integration -- in which a network produces and distributes its own shows -- does [think/show] an important new reality , which is that since 1995 networks have been able to have a financial interest in their own programming .

Some of these reflect thin research -- hard to avoid entirely in a book of such scope .
some of these [think/show] thin research -- hard to avoid entirely in a book of such scope .

Full lips are a plus , probably because they reflect high estrogen levels and thus high fertility .
full lips are a plus , probably because they [think/show] high estrogen levels and thus high fertility .

Some of the designs shown at the Met reflect a serious daring ; they are examples not just of amusing invention but also of rule-breaking .
some of the designs shown at the met [think/show] a serious daring ; they are examples not just of amusing invention but also of rule-breaking .

Masculinity was allowed no erotic range in dress ; the phallic necktie , licensed to reflect light and glow with color , was famously men 's only hope .
masculinity was allowed no erotic range in dress ; the phallic necktie , licensed to [think/show] light and glow with color , was famously men 's only hope .

Khatami 's statements reflect a recognition that foreign policy remains the domain of Khamenei .
khatami 's statements [think/show] a recognition that foreign policy remains the domain of khamenei .

This would probably lead , I 'd guess , to more social spending on health-care as a percentage of GNP , and would more accurately reflect people 's real balance of needs and wants .
this would probably lead , i 'd guess , to more social spending on health-care as a percentage of gnp , and would more accurately [think/show] people 's real balance of needs and wants .

Following the story 's back-and-forth arc can induce such a maddening case of whiplash that it 's been hard to find the proper moment to pause and reflect .
following the story 's back-and-forth arc can induce such a maddening case of whiplash that it 's been hard to find the proper moment to pause and [think/show] .

In August , Oxygen Media announced that it had received $ 4.5 million from the Markle Foundation to form Oxygen-Markle Plus , a publicly accessible market-research firm designed to measure and reflect women 's opinions on a variety of subjects from consumer tastes to public affairs .
in august , oxygen media announced that it had received $ 4.5 million from the markle foundation to form oxygen-markle plus , a publicly accessible market-research firm designed to measure and [think/show] women 's opinions on a variety of subjects from consumer tastes to public affairs .

There he would stand , his back turned to us like the contemplative artist figure in a painting by Caspar David Friedrich , and reflect on the glory and folly of mankind .
there he would stand , his back turned to us like the contemplative artist figure in a painting by caspar david friedrich , and [think/show] on the glory and folly of mankind .

Words and phrases like the repeated `` seems , '' `` I could think , '' and `` I was unaware '' enact Hardy 's somewhat skeptical holding back from a declaration that the natural surroundings reflect his mood or the human calendar .
words and phrases like the repeated `` seems , '' `` i could think , '' and `` i was unaware '' enact hardy 's somewhat skeptical holding back from a declaration that the natural surroundings [think/show] his mood or the human calendar .

The closing statement says that one of the central characters , Archie , Wallace 's black servant , `` was created to reflect a viewpoint concerning this turbulent period of American history . ''
the closing statement says that one of the central characters , archie , wallace 's black servant , `` was created to [think/show] a viewpoint concerning this turbulent period of american history . ''

After all , coinage and currency usually reflect the character of the issuing state , and in this case the state is largely bureaucratic .
after all , coinage and currency usually [think/show] the character of the issuing state , and in this case the state is largely bureaucratic .

This restraint may partly reflect Microsoft 's market strategy -- after all , Microsoft beat Apple partly because Apple did practice vertical foreclosure , and as a result inhibited the development of complementary software ( although the main problem was Apple 's persistent belief , despite all the evidence to the contrary , that everyone would be willing to pay a premium price for a niftier machine ) .
this restraint may partly [think/show] microsoft 's market strategy -- after all , microsoft beat apple partly because apple did practice vertical foreclosure , and as a result inhibited the development of complementary software ( although the main problem was apple 's persistent belief , despite all the evidence to the contrary , that everyone would be willing to pay a premium price for a niftier machine ) .

Both the cynicism and the credulity reflect ignorance about the world beyond the Beltway .
both the cynicism and the credulity [think/show] ignorance about the world beyond the beltway .

Environmental issues , however , more or less by definition involve situations in which the price is wrong -- in which the private costs of an activity fail to reflect its true social costs .
environmental issues , however , more or less by definition involve situations in which the price is wrong -- in which the private costs of an activity fail to [think/show] its true social costs .

Their inanities only reflect the broader tone of economic debate in a nation prepared to blame its problems on everything but the obvious causes .
their inanities only [think/show] the broader tone of economic debate in a nation prepared to blame its problems on everything but the obvious causes .

The New York Times lead , Post off-lead and an Los Angeles Times front piece all reflect on what the 106th Republican Congress has accomplished in a year which began with Senate acquittal of Clinton .
the new york times lead , post off-lead and an los angeles times front piece all [think/show] on what the 106th republican congress has accomplished in a year which began with senate acquittal of clinton .

Since stock prices do reflect supply and demand to a certain degree , that 's kept Berkshire Hathaway 's stock price lower than if it had split as often as Microsoft 's .
since stock prices do [think/show] supply and demand to a certain degree , that 's kept berkshire hathaway 's stock price lower than if it had split as often as microsoft 's .

In a market in which political connections remain essential and state intervention can come at any time , a first-mover advantage , insofar as it seems to reflect state sanction , if not support , appears to be rather more significant .
in a market in which political connections remain essential and state intervention can come at any time , a first-mover advantage , insofar as it seems to [think/show] state sanction , if not support , appears to be rather more significant .

Because it will take any normal human being at least that long to read the galleys ( 773 pages ) , let alone reflect upon their contents , it 's a fair bet that anyone who reviews the novel has 1 ) merely skimmed it , meaning his impressions are superficial ; 2 ) actually read every page , but only by foregoing food and rest , meaning his impressions are warped by stress ; or 3 ) not read the book at all , meaning his impressions are just as worthy as those of the thousands of other literate folk who will buy Pynchon 's novel on reputation , read the jacket copy , put it down , and pronounce it either another masterpiece or a disappointing falling off , though somewhat better than Vineland , his previous book .
because it will take any normal human being at least that long to read the galleys ( 773 pages ) , let alone [think/show] upon their contents , it 's a fair bet that anyone who reviews the novel has 1 ) merely skimmed it , meaning his impressions are superficial ; 2 ) actually read every page , but only by foregoing food and rest , meaning his impressions are warped by stress ; or 3 ) not read the book at all , meaning his impressions are just as worthy as those of the thousands of other literate folk who will buy pynchon 's novel on reputation , read the jacket copy , put it down , and pronounce it either another masterpiece or a disappointing falling off , though somewhat better than vineland , his previous book .

The views are frequently precipitous , causing the reader to reflect upon those delicate and unaccountable features of the brain , ordinarily taken for granted , with appropriate wonder .
the views are frequently precipitous , causing the reader to [think/show] upon those delicate and unaccountable features of the brain , ordinarily taken for granted , with appropriate wonder .

How does the architecture of the Internet reflect the strange counterculture these students conjured up out of Pentagon funds ?
how does the architecture of the internet [think/show] the strange counterculture these students conjured up out of pentagon funds ?

Several objects in the show reflect a dry sense of humor .
several objects in the show [think/show] a dry sense of humor .

Every time I begin to feel a bit guilty about my part in the Woodward hype machine ( Newsweek almost always excerpts his books , often on the cover ) I reflect on my paltry powers to find out what happened at an unimportant Oval Office meeting , much less a solarium seance .
every time i begin to feel a bit guilty about my part in the woodward hype machine ( newsweek almost always excerpts his books , often on the cover ) i [think/show] on my paltry powers to find out what happened at an unimportant oval office meeting , much less a solarium seance .

That said , the passages that I quote do not reflect a non-academic view of liberty by guys on the street .
that said , the passages that i quote do not [think/show] a non-academic view of liberty by guys on the street .

That may reflect poorly on the membership , but it ca n't be pinned on the officers .
that may [think/show] poorly on the membership , but it ca n't be pinned on the officers .

Yet this ability to reflect on ourselves underlies art , architecture , poetry , government , journalism , and all the other forms of willed culture and communication that animals do n't and ca n't have .
yet this ability to [think/show] on ourselves underlies art , architecture , poetry , government , journalism , and all the other forms of willed culture and communication that animals do n't and ca n't have .

The papers all reflect a sense that nonetheless it was surprising to think that the young company was buying the old one instead of vice versa .
the papers all [think/show] a sense that nonetheless it was surprising to think that the young company was buying the old one instead of vice versa .

Should it reflect poorly on Bush if he is a `` weak '' governor ?
should it [think/show] poorly on bush if he is a `` weak '' governor ?

Since the stock prices of the most valuable companies in the world today in fact reflect investors ' confidence that they 're still going to be generating huge amounts of cash 30 years from now , rising interest rates can have serious effects on current stock prices .
since the stock prices of the most valuable companies in the world today in fact [think/show] investors ' confidence that they 're still going to be generating huge amounts of cash 30 years from now , rising interest rates can have serious effects on current stock prices .

By 25 weeks , however , neonates show complex facial reactions to stimuli that reflect higher brain -- possibly conscious -- activity .
by 25 weeks , however , neonates show complex facial reactions to stimuli that [think/show] higher brain -- possibly conscious -- activity .

The price of an IPO , then , should reflect as nearly as possible what investors really think about a company 's prospects .
the price of an ipo , then , should [think/show] as nearly as possible what investors really think about a company 's prospects .

You may care about gun control far more than you do about anything else , but unless you leave the other 16 questions blank , your candidate list wo n't reflect your priorities .
you may care about gun control far more than you do about anything else , but unless you leave the other 16 questions blank , your candidate list wo n't [think/show] your priorities .

In the happy months before Pokémon dolls are chucked into the Toys `` R '' Us remainder bins with Trolls , Pogs , and Ninja Turtles , let us pause to reflect on the lesson of the Pokémon billions : This money could have been yours .
in the happy months before pokémon dolls are chucked into the toys `` r '' us remainder bins with trolls , pogs , and ninja turtles , let us pause to [think/show] on the lesson of the pokémon billions : this money could have been yours .

Some of the increases in sexual abuse , physical abuse , and physical neglect uncovered by Westat may well reflect a true deterioration of conditions in disorganized , poverty-stricken households .
some of the increases in sexual abuse , physical abuse , and physical neglect uncovered by westat may well [think/show] a true deterioration of conditions in disorganized , poverty-stricken households .

The government also made volunteers out of the TV networks , imploring them to rate TV programs to reflect sexual content and violence .
the government also made volunteers out of the tv networks , imploring them to rate tv programs to [think/show] sexual content and violence .

A related possibility : The increase in stockholder wealth could reflect a transfer from those Americans who do n't own stocks .
a related possibility : the increase in stockholder wealth could [think/show] a transfer from those americans who do n't own stocks .

Iam inclined to conclude that nobody -- including me -- has a coherent way of thinking about how to make decisions that appropriately reflect emotional and moral attachments to people who are not yet born .
iam inclined to conclude that nobody -- including me -- has a coherent way of thinking about how to make decisions that appropriately [think/show] emotional and moral attachments to people who are not yet born .

Is this price discrimination in favor of seniors , or does it reflect a genuinely lower cost of serving them ?
is this price discrimination in favor of seniors , or does it [think/show] a genuinely lower cost of serving them ?

The mail-order `` shortages '' also reflect the new-found fashion consciousness of retailers like Lands ' End and L.L .
the mail-order `` shortages '' also [think/show] the new-found fashion consciousness of retailers like lands ' end and l.l .

Keeping Tabs could n't help but wonder if the tabs ' reluctance to reflect might have something to do with their track records .
keeping tabs could n't help but wonder if the tabs ' reluctance to [think/show] might have something to do with their track records .

Moneybox thinks the stock market does n't reflect the health of the overall economy because `` just '' 48 percent of Americans own stock .
moneybox thinks the stock market does n't [think/show] the health of the overall economy because `` just '' 48 percent of americans own stock .

If this X Factor is unequally shared by men and women , there will be a difference in the average earnings of men and women that does not reflect discrimination .
if this x factor is unequally shared by men and women , there will be a difference in the average earnings of men and women that does not [think/show] discrimination .

Cramer 's screed did n't reflect well on your publication or his .
cramer 's screed did n't [think/show] well on your publication or his .

In my experience , vicious things reflect more harshly on the person who says them .
in my experience , vicious things [think/show] more harshly on the person who says them .

These days , what best-seller lists are most likely to reflect is the amount of money spent to publicize the books that wind up on them .
these days , what best-seller lists are most likely to [think/show] is the amount of money spent to publicize the books that wind up on them .

What is largely Alexander 's doing , however , is that the remaining grants reflect not a serious commitment to high culture in America but a kind of passive , middlebrow populism .
what is largely alexander 's doing , however , is that the remaining grants [think/show] not a serious commitment to high culture in america but a kind of passive , middlebrow populism .

Even the names reflect a kind of pre-emptive surrender -- no art here , they declare .
even the names [think/show] a kind of pre-emptive surrender -- no art here , they declare .

On the other hand , a story can spread without the help of the establishment media to the point where making no acknowledgment of its existence becomes a failure in your basic duty to reflect reality .
on the other hand , a story can spread without the help of the establishment media to the point where making no acknowledgment of its existence becomes a failure in your basic duty to [think/show] reality .

Phil Schaap , the reissue producer and editor for Miles Davis and Gil Evans , has made a fitting gesture toward that end : He has provided a 6.5-second `` pause track '' on each CD , so that you can reflect on what you 've just heard .
phil schaap , the reissue producer and editor for miles davis and gil evans , has made a fitting gesture toward that end : he has provided a 6.5-second `` pause track '' on each cd , so that you can [think/show] on what you 've just heard .

The AFI 's list , for all its peculiarities , appears to reflect that .
the afi 's list , for all its peculiarities , appears to [think/show] that .

The WP reports that local AIDS prevention programs reflect different standards of expected conduct .
the wp reports that local aids prevention programs [think/show] different standards of expected conduct .

Whatever is between them , in nonfiction , is supposed to reflect accurately words that some real person actually said .
whatever is between them , in nonfiction , is supposed to [think/show] accurately words that some real person actually said .

It 's the latter that the budget should reflect , not the former .
it 's the latter that the budget should [think/show] , not the former .

Spouting a long stream of poll numbers and expert quotes , the story pronounces that Americans ' divergent opinions about President Clinton reflect `` an unresolved debate about fundamental values '' .
spouting a long stream of poll numbers and expert quotes , the story pronounces that americans ' divergent opinions about president clinton [think/show] `` an unresolved debate about fundamental values '' .

It is not hard to see why publicity- and work-hungry actresses might like ubiquitous , but it would be wise to give up attempts at analysis before coping with eggplant and kumquat , though Frumkes does suggest that they reflect a proclivity for ovoid objects .
it is not hard to see why publicity- and work-hungry actresses might like ubiquitous , but it would be wise to give up attempts at analysis before coping with eggplant and kumquat , though frumkes does suggest that they [think/show] a proclivity for ovoid objects .

Writers plainly value being able to use words in ways that not only fail to reflect their dictionary meaning but seem flatly to reject it .
writers plainly value being able to use words in ways that not only fail to [think/show] their dictionary meaning but seem flatly to reject it .

If a language is to reflect what goes on in the mind , it must have a lot of flexibility , tolerance , fluency .
if a language is to [think/show] what goes on in the mind , it must have a lot of flexibility , tolerance , fluency .

Words which through their coinage reflect the utilization of the land give some measure of the environmental impact -- if I may use an anachronism .
words which through their coinage [think/show] the utilization of the land give some measure of the environmental impact -- if i may use an anachronism .

To reflect Israeli life more accurately , I suggested , they would have to print the news in the same sort of English favored by real-estate agents :
to [think/show] israeli life more accurately , i suggested , they would have to print the news in the same sort of english favored by real-estate agents :

New terms spring up to reflect new ideas .
new terms spring up to [think/show] new ideas .

Although the Index lists most expressions at least twice ( kick the bucket is under both kick and bucket , which is fine ) , it seems that no expression appears more than once in the main section notwithstanding any ambiguity or polysemy that might it might reflect .
although the index lists most expressions at least twice ( kick the bucket is under both kick and bucket , which is fine ) , it seems that no expression appears more than once in the main section notwithstanding any ambiguity or polysemy that might it might [think/show] .

Back here in rural Herefordshire , after two months in the States , I 've had time to reflect on what the man said .
back here in rural herefordshire , after two months in the states , i 've had time to [think/show] on what the man said .

The first edition of Baugh 's History was published in 1935 ; because so much has happened to English since then , it is fitting that its history be updated , not only to reflect more recent developments in dialect , lexicon , grammatical theory , and the universal adoption of the language as a lingua franca , but also to revise scholarship in the light of later research that either elaborates or confutes information that is now more than half a century old .
the first edition of baugh 's history was published in 1935 ; because so much has happened to english since then , it is fitting that its history be updated , not only to [think/show] more recent developments in dialect , lexicon , grammatical theory , and the universal adoption of the language as a lingua franca , but also to revise scholarship in the light of later research that either elaborates or confutes information that is now more than half a century old .

In recent decades , certain changes have taken place in the language that reflect voluntary choices of the words used to characterize people ; these have focused largely on the conscious and conscientious substitution of neutral , sexless words like individual ( s ) , person , and people for terms that normally denote only males .
in recent decades , certain changes have taken place in the language that [think/show] voluntary choices of the words used to characterize people ; these have focused largely on the conscious and conscientious substitution of neutral , sexless words like individual ( s ) , person , and people for terms that normally denote only males .

Those who have driven along the New York State Thruway west of Albany encounter a string of town names that ( presumably ) reflect the nationalities of their original settlers .
those who have driven along the new york state thruway west of albany encounter a string of town names that ( presumably ) [think/show] the nationalities of their original settlers .

Terms like Monomantic Syntoraxis and Tempofluxion Dogma reflect his droll skepticism toward religion .
terms like monomantic syntoraxis and tempofluxion dogma [think/show] his droll skepticism toward religion .

For the examples of semantic noncompliance—along with features as widely disparate as computerese or the variety of registers—begin to reflect a world-view , the crystallization of a special sphere .
for the examples of semantic noncompliance—along with features as widely disparate as computerese or the variety of registers—begin to [think/show] a world-view , the crystallization of a special sphere .

The reason for bringing up this bit of history is to introduce four terms with which some readers may be unfamiliar and which reflect to some small degree the poetry that once lurked in the hearts of linguists educated in literature as well as linguistics .
the reason for bringing up this bit of history is to introduce four terms with which some readers may be unfamiliar and which [think/show] to some small degree the poetry that once lurked in the hearts of linguists educated in literature as well as linguistics .

While it is undeniable that some of the sources—news broadcasts , broadcast talks , press news reports , for instance—can be said to reach a relatively wide ( though unquantified ) readership or audience , they are in the minority compared with the large number of sources that seem to reflect language that occurs , as they say these days , on a one-on-one basis .
while it is undeniable that some of the sources—news broadcasts , broadcast talks , press news reports , for instance—can be said to reach a relatively wide ( though unquantified ) readership or audience , they are in the minority compared with the large number of sources that seem to [think/show] language that occurs , as they say these days , on a one-on-one basis .

The bumper sticker in the accompanying photo uses a proper verb to reflect that prevalent Pacific Northwest opinion concerning their new , ex-California neighbors .
the bumper sticker in the accompanying photo uses a proper verb to [think/show] that prevalent pacific northwest opinion concerning their new , ex-california neighbors .

They also reflect their legal education .
they also [think/show] their legal education .

At least the subentries under chain reflect the same form as the headword .
at least the subentries under chain [think/show] the same form as the headword .

We should reflect that all Jesse James did was ride about making unauthorized withdrawals from banks .
we should [think/show] that all jesse james did was ride about making unauthorized withdrawals from banks .

However , just because elements in the same area of the Table are related atomically and chemically , this neatness is not necessarily reflected in the names , let alone the two-character symbols we have given to elements , which reflect all the chaos , variety , whims , and even vanity of history and human nature .
however , just because elements in the same area of the table are related atomically and chemically , this neatness is not necessarily reflected in the names , let alone the two-character symbols we have given to elements , which [think/show] all the chaos , variety , whims , and even vanity of history and human nature .

In other words , they want to indicate how a character 's speech is delivered and how it may reflect social , cultural , or geographical deviations from standard forms .
in other words , they want to indicate how a character 's speech is delivered and how it may [think/show] social , cultural , or geographical deviations from standard forms .

That may merely be reflective of my own interests , or does not reflect the author 's readings , or , probably , both .
that may merely be reflective of my own interests , or does not [think/show] the author 's readings , or , probably , both .

These extracts , which are in chronological order , have been well selected for clarity and interest ; neither cryptically brief nor tediously long , they accurately reflect the opinions on , for example , World English -- the spread of English and its emergence as a lingua franca -- dating from 1846 to 1990 ; comments on Proper English are reflected in extracts dating from 1711 to 1986 .
these extracts , which are in chronological order , have been well selected for clarity and interest ; neither cryptically brief nor tediously long , they accurately [think/show] the opinions on , for example , world english -- the spread of english and its emergence as a lingua franca -- dating from 1846 to 1990 ; comments on proper english are reflected in extracts dating from 1711 to 1986 .

The maps are distorted to reflect population density rather than geographic area ( giving a speaker in small , but densely populated Connecticut as much space as a speaker in large , but sparsely populated Nevada ) .
the maps are distorted to [think/show] population density rather than geographic area ( giving a speaker in small , but densely populated connecticut as much space as a speaker in large , but sparsely populated nevada ) .

We might sometimes wonder if we are the most responsible custodians of our own tongue , when we reflect that the Oxford University Press sells as many copies of the Oxford English Dictionary in Japan as it does in America , and a third more than in Britain .
we might sometimes wonder if we are the most responsible custodians of our own tongue , when we [think/show] that the oxford university press sells as many copies of the oxford english dictionary in japan as it does in america , and a third more than in britain .

We are , of course , in the magical domain of Franglais , where it is virtually impossible to tell whether the given definitions accurately represent the way English words and phrases are employed by the French or merely reflect one person 's valiant but ill-founded guesswork : in other words , whether such massive incomprehension is individual or collective .
we are , of course , in the magical domain of franglais , where it is virtually impossible to tell whether the given definitions accurately represent the way english words and phrases are employed by the french or merely [think/show] one person 's valiant but ill-founded guesswork : in other words , whether such massive incomprehension is individual or collective .

On a recent expedition by car , I noted a large number of roads with names like P Avenue , Q Avenue , and the like , and everyone is familiar with the street names in Washington , DC , that reflect the same sort of thing .
on a recent expedition by car , i noted a large number of roads with names like p avenue , q avenue , and the like , and everyone is familiar with the street names in washington , dc , that [think/show] the same sort of thing .

There is also a Bibliography of sorts : the OED was , but the OED2e was not consulted ; Brewer 's Dictionary of Phrase & Fable was , perhaps somewhat uncritically ; and , among works that either fail to reflect the latest scholarship , are not pertinent to the task set , or are just plain awful , the following are listed : Wilfred Funk 's Word Origins and Their Romantic Stories , ( a 1978 reprint of a 1950 work ) ; Universal Dictionary of the English Language ( 1897 ) ; a modern selection from Johnson 's Dictionary ( 1755 ) ; Partridge 's Origins ( 1977 ) , a work long criticized for its errors ; and Webster 's New Twentieth Century Dictionary of the English Language ( 1965 ) , which is a $ 15 reprint , cursorily updated , of the 19th-century Ogilvie edition of Annandale 's Dictionary .
there is also a bibliography of sorts : the oed was , but the oed2e was not consulted ; brewer 's dictionary of phrase & fable was , perhaps somewhat uncritically ; and , among works that either fail to [think/show] the latest scholarship , are not pertinent to the task set , or are just plain awful , the following are listed : wilfred funk 's word origins and their romantic stories , ( a 1978 reprint of a 1950 work ) ; universal dictionary of the english language ( 1897 ) ; a modern selection from johnson 's dictionary ( 1755 ) ; partridge 's origins ( 1977 ) , a work long criticized for its errors ; and webster 's new twentieth century dictionary of the english language ( 1965 ) , which is a $ 15 reprint , cursorily updated , of the 19th-century ogilvie edition of annandale 's dictionary .

Some areas of lexical density reflect the social structure of all-male prisons : most of the terms for women are pejorative , there are numerous terms for heterosexual sex , and an abundance of terms for the penis .
some areas of lexical density [think/show] the social structure of all-male prisons : most of the terms for women are pejorative , there are numerous terms for heterosexual sex , and an abundance of terms for the penis .

Reference is made to the OED , of course , but the present work could scarcely be said to reflect the same philosophies .
reference is made to the oed , of course , but the present work could scarcely be said to [think/show] the same philosophies .

The street names of Rome reflect both its long history and the fanciful imagination of its people .
the street names of rome [think/show] both its long history and the fanciful imagination of its people .

I think I 'll try one of those ! ” In all of the cases below , the name actually does reflect , to some extent , the taste of the drink .
i think i 'll try one of those ! ” in all of the cases below , the name actually does [think/show] , to some extent , the taste of the drink .

Heaths and heather are indeed finely leaved plants which in a sense are bristly , but their botanical name ( Erica for heath , Calluna for heather ) reflect the properties of their stems .
heaths and heather are indeed finely leaved plants which in a sense are bristly , but their botanical name ( erica for heath , calluna for heather ) [think/show] the properties of their stems .

