Both elements -- the caution about a meeting , the willingness eventually to hold one -- were reflected in a letter from the President which Ambassador Llewellyn E. Thompson brought back to Russia late in February .
both elements -- the caution about a meeting , the willingness eventually to hold one -- were [thought/showed] in a letter from the president which ambassador llewellyn e. thompson brought back to russia late in february .

Confidence in the state's economic future is reflected in the Georgia Power Company's record construction budget for this year .
confidence in the state's economic future is [thought/showed] in the georgia power company's record construction budget for this year .

But the most impressive testimony to Schnabel's distinction as a teacher is reflected by the individuality which marks each student's approach as distinctly his own .
but the most impressive testimony to schnabel's distinction as a teacher is [thought/showed] by the individuality which marks each student's approach as distinctly his own .

These wavelengths are reflected in sequence through the specimen by the rotating mirror ; ;
these wavelengths are [thought/showed] in sequence through the specimen by the rotating mirror ; ;

With the source of light behind the copy , there is no loss of lumen output , as with conventional boards illuminated by means of reflected light .
with the source of light behind the copy , there is no loss of lumen output , as with conventional boards illuminated by means of [thought/showed] light .

This was generally reflected in the civil laws of Christian countries .
this was generally [thought/showed] in the civil laws of christian countries .

This development is reflected in the action taken in February , 1961 , by the general board of the National Council of Churches , the largest Protestant organization in the Aj .
this development is [thought/showed] in the action taken in february , 1961 , by the general board of the national council of churches , the largest protestant organization in the aj .

A pronounced ideological diffusion -- i.e. , inability to identify independently with given ideas and value systems -- is reflected in many ways .
a pronounced ideological diffusion -- i.e. , inability to identify independently with given ideas and value systems -- is [thought/showed] in many ways .

Travelers entering from the desert were confounded by what must have seemed an illusion : a great garden filled with nightingales and roses , cut by canals and terraced promenades , studded with water tanks of turquoise tile in which were reflected the glistening blue curves of a hundred domes .
travelers entering from the desert were confounded by what must have seemed an illusion : a great garden filled with nightingales and roses , cut by canals and terraced promenades , studded with water tanks of turquoise tile in which were [thought/showed] the glistening blue curves of a hundred domes .

`` I have just come from viewing a man who had made the fortune of his country , but now is working all night in order to support his family '' , he reflected .
`` i have just come from viewing a man who had made the fortune of his country , but now is working all night in order to support his family '' , he [thought/showed] .

But the South is , and has been for the past century , engaged in a wide-sweeping urbanization which , oddly enough , is not reflected in its literature .
but the south is , and has been for the past century , engaged in a wide-sweeping urbanization which , oddly enough , is not [thought/showed] in its literature .

An example of the changes which have crept over the Southern region may be seen in the Southern Negro's quest for a position in the white-dominated society , a problem that has been reflected in regional fiction especially since 1865 .
an example of the changes which have crept over the southern region may be seen in the southern negro's quest for a position in the white-dominated society , a problem that has been [thought/showed] in regional fiction especially since 1865 .

Today the Negro must discover his role in an industrialized South , which indicates that the racial aspect of the Southern dilemma hasn't changed radically , but rather has gradually come to be reflected in this new context , this new coat of paint .
today the negro must discover his role in an industrialized south , which indicates that the racial aspect of the southern dilemma hasn't changed radically , but rather has gradually come to be [thought/showed] in this new context , this new coat of paint .

His earliest work reflected heavy influences from English and continental writers .
his earliest work [thought/showed] heavy influences from english and continental writers .

Peter Marshall reflected .
peter marshall [thought/showed] .

( Shann's own report , Peter Marshall reflected , describes the encounter as `` immoderate '' .
( shann's own report , peter marshall [thought/showed] , describes the encounter as `` immoderate '' .

It sounded like a fair enough invitation , Peter Marshall reflected , and Bang-Jensen must have thought so too , because on the thirteenth , he met the group of three on the thirty-sixth floor of the U.N. .
it sounded like a fair enough invitation , peter marshall [thought/showed] , and bang-jensen must have thought so too , because on the thirteenth , he met the group of three on the thirty-sixth floor of the u.n. .

We also know that the Saxon Shore as reflected in the Notitia was created as a part of the Theodosian reorganization of Britain ( post A.D. 369 ) .
we also know that the saxon shore as [thought/showed] in the notitia was created as a part of the theodosian reorganization of britain ( post a.d. 369 ) .

And , if we follow the Rayburn pattern , as consciously or by an instinctual political sense I like to think I have followed it , then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country .
and , if we follow the rayburn pattern , as consciously or by an instinctual political sense i like to think i have followed it , then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be [thought/showed] in the devotion of our services to our country .

His answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of Jehovah's Witnesses , employed at night by a sugar producer .
his answers to the classification questionnaire [thought/showed] that he was a minister of jehovah's witnesses , employed at night by a sugar producer .

but during the middle daytime hours these skywave radiations are not reflected in any substantial quantity , and during this portion of the day both skywave service and skywave interference are , in general , negligible .
but during the middle daytime hours these skywave radiations are not [thought/showed] in any substantial quantity , and during this portion of the day both skywave service and skywave interference are , in general , negligible .

But during nighttime hours the skywave radiations are reflected from the ionosphere , thereby creating the possibility of one station's rendering service , via skywave , at a much greater distance than it can through its groundwave signal , and at the same time vastly complicating the interference problem because of the still greater distance over which these skywave signals may cause interference to the signals of stations on the same and closely adjacent frequencies .
but during nighttime hours the skywave radiations are [thought/showed] from the ionosphere , thereby creating the possibility of one station's rendering service , via skywave , at a much greater distance than it can through its groundwave signal , and at the same time vastly complicating the interference problem because of the still greater distance over which these skywave signals may cause interference to the signals of stations on the same and closely adjacent frequencies .

It was recognized that skywave signals , because of their reflected nature , are of great variability and subject to wide fluctuations in strength .
it was recognized that skywave signals , because of their [thought/showed] nature , are of great variability and subject to wide fluctuations in strength .

In 1947 , affidavits were filed with the Commission by various clear-channel stations alleging that extensive interference was being caused to the service areas of these stations during daylight hours , from class 2 , stations whose signals were being reflected from the ionosphere so as to create skywave intereference .
in 1947 , affidavits were filed with the commission by various clear-channel stations alleging that extensive interference was being caused to the service areas of these stations during daylight hours , from class 2 , stations whose signals were being [thought/showed] from the ionosphere so as to create skywave intereference .

Much of this necessary increase in research and development , though properly chargeable to current expenses , is not reflected in earnings until projects are completed and the new machines sold in quantity , usually over a period of several years .
much of this necessary increase in research and development , though properly chargeable to current expenses , is not [thought/showed] in earnings until projects are completed and the new machines sold in quantity , usually over a period of several years .

The markets for electronic parts in 1960 have reflected the changing patterns of the various end equipment segments of the industry .
the markets for electronic parts in 1960 have [thought/showed] the changing patterns of the various end equipment segments of the industry .

The radio radiation of the sun which is reflected from the moon and planets should be negligible compared with their thermal emission at centimeter wave lengths , except possibly at times of exceptional outbursts of solar radio noise .
the radio radiation of the sun which is [thought/showed] from the moon and planets should be negligible compared with their thermal emission at centimeter wave lengths , except possibly at times of exceptional outbursts of solar radio noise .

Therefore , neglecting the extreme outbursts , reflected solar radiation is not expected to cause sizable errors in the measurements of planetary radiation in the centimeter- and decimeter-wave-length range .
therefore , neglecting the extreme outbursts , [thought/showed] solar radiation is not expected to cause sizable errors in the measurements of planetary radiation in the centimeter- and decimeter-wave-length range .

The reflection of radiation originating from the anode holder and reflected back to it by the surrounding metal surfaces should also be small because of the peculiar characteristic of the metal surfaces and of the specific geometry .
the reflection of radiation originating from the anode holder and [thought/showed] back to it by the surrounding metal surfaces should also be small because of the peculiar characteristic of the metal surfaces and of the specific geometry .

The psychological incompatibility of these emotional states seems to be reflected in , or based on , this marked difference .
the psychological incompatibility of these emotional states seems to be [thought/showed] in , or based on , this marked difference .

Inability to care for the other children , difficulty in feeding the babies , who seemed colicky , bone-weary fatigue , repeated crying episodes , and short tempers reflected the family's helplessness in coping with the stressful situation .
inability to care for the other children , difficulty in feeding the babies , who seemed colicky , bone-weary fatigue , repeated crying episodes , and short tempers [thought/showed] the family's helplessness in coping with the stressful situation .

National identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this Hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection .
national identification was [thought/showed] jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection .

Limitations on the lengths of these sequences diminish the stability of the comparatively short crystallites which can be formed , and this is reflected in a broadening of the melting range .
limitations on the lengths of these sequences diminish the stability of the comparatively short crystallites which can be formed , and this is [thought/showed] in a broadening of the melting range .

When the platform is aligned , the reflected image of the crossed hairs can be seen exactly superimposed upon the original crossed hairs .
when the platform is aligned , the [thought/showed] image of the crossed hairs can be seen exactly superimposed upon the original crossed hairs .

The sharp ray was absorbed by a cloud , then reflected to the earth in a softer , diffused radiance .
the sharp ray was absorbed by a cloud , then [thought/showed] to the earth in a softer , diffused radiance .

There's no greater catastrophe in the universe , she reflected dourly , impaling tender green beans on the silver fork , than the dwindling away of a family .
there's no greater catastrophe in the universe , she [thought/showed] dourly , impaling tender green beans on the silver fork , than the dwindling away of a family .

The viscous mud was ankle-deep , and in places great puddles spread across the road and reflected the murky light .
the viscous mud was ankle-deep , and in places great puddles spread across the road and [thought/showed] the murky light .

Men , she reflected , even men like Stanley , are unpredictable .
men , she [thought/showed] , even men like stanley , are unpredictable .

A splendid vote of confidence in Thayer , Madden reflected .
a splendid vote of confidence in thayer , madden [thought/showed] .

The lawyer didn't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party -- Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so prized by hostesses -- and found him easy enough to talk to .
the lawyer didn't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party -- thayer , like himself , madden [thought/showed] , was the extra man so prized by hostesses -- and found him easy enough to talk to .

He scrubbed absent-mindedly at the pans and reflected on how things had turned out .
he scrubbed absent-mindedly at the pans and [thought/showed] on how things had turned out .

Now the Czarship had not affected my own sense of social values , but Mother had attained a reflected glory through it , which had opened the doors of Los Angeles-Pasadena Society to her .
now the czarship had not affected my own sense of social values , but mother had attained a [thought/showed] glory through it , which had opened the doors of los angeles-pasadena society to her .

That 's reflected in the kind of stock it sells .
that 's [thought/showed] in the kind of stock it sells .

It 's reflected on a mirror so at home it appears as though she has learnt the information off-by-heart .
it 's [thought/showed] on a mirror so at home it appears as though she has learnt the information off-by-heart .

This is reflected , as the University goes to considerable lengths to import sportsmen .
this is [thought/showed] , as the university goes to considerable lengths to import sportsmen .

Teachers at the school were worried that the elements of combat and destruction in some games was being reflected in more aggressive playground behaviour .
teachers at the school were worried that the elements of combat and destruction in some games was being [thought/showed] in more aggressive playground behaviour .

The cost of subsidence to house owners and local authorities is reflected in the level of claims paid out by insurance companies .
the cost of subsidence to house owners and local authorities is [thought/showed] in the level of claims paid out by insurance companies .

When you shine a torch at something you what you are seeing is light being reflected back on to things into your eyes .
when you shine a torch at something you what you are seeing is light being [thought/showed] back on to things into your eyes .

Got a complaint about these sexy saucepans , reflected are n't they .
got a complaint about these sexy saucepans , [thought/showed] are n't they .

This would be reflected in a more lenient sentence of 30 months .
this would be [thought/showed] in a more lenient sentence of 30 months .

The effort to put space between Mr Major and Tory Central Office reflected Downing Street 's nervousness that the row should not mar the trip .
the effort to put space between mr major and tory central office [thought/showed] downing street 's nervousness that the row should not mar the trip .

This optimism was partly reflected in the fact that 40 per cent claimed they intended to take on new employees within the next six months .
this optimism was partly [thought/showed] in the fact that 40 per cent claimed they intended to take on new employees within the next six months .

‘ There is no doubting the effort and commitment of the members of the force and this is reflected in the low percentage increase in crime overall , ’ said Mr Sampson .
‘ there is no doubting the effort and commitment of the members of the force and this is [thought/showed] in the low percentage increase in crime overall , ’ said mr sampson .

‘ This is already being reflected in the strong advance in sales and reservations we have experienced in recent weeks , ’ said Bellway 's chairman , Kenneth Bell .
‘ this is already being [thought/showed] in the strong advance in sales and reservations we have experienced in recent weeks , ’ said bellway 's chairman , kenneth bell .

The £4.1 billion jump in bank-lending was month was twice the average monthly increase in 1992 , but economists warned that it reflected a rebound rather than new hope that consumers are taking on significantly bigger borrowings to fuel recovery .
the £4.1 billion jump in bank-lending was month was twice the average monthly increase in 1992 , but economists warned that it [thought/showed] a rebound rather than new hope that consumers are taking on significantly bigger borrowings to fuel recovery .

’ Mr Dougherty , however , is hedging his bets : ‘ It is likely to be some time before this is reflected in higher prices .
’ mr dougherty , however , is hedging his bets : ‘ it is likely to be some time before this is [thought/showed] in higher prices .

This is also reflected in the increase in vacant industrial and commercial floorspace , and business failures .
this is also [thought/showed] in the increase in vacant industrial and commercial floorspace , and business failures .

The church said yesterday its objections only reflected the wishes of nearby residents .
the church said yesterday its objections only [thought/showed] the wishes of nearby residents .

One of the leading dissidents reflected the wider view , when Winston Churchill thanked Mr Heseltine for the ‘ considerable distance ’ he had travelled since last year .
one of the leading dissidents [thought/showed] the wider view , when winston churchill thanked mr heseltine for the ‘ considerable distance ’ he had travelled since last year .

Its chairman , Ralph Hinchcliffe , said the price fully reflected the value of the businesses .
its chairman , ralph hinchcliffe , said the price fully [thought/showed] the value of the businesses .

Raw-material prices reflected concern about Russia , with platinum jumping almost $ 6 to $ 356 an ounce after a statement by the official Russian export agency threatening to restrict exports because of recent weak demand .
raw-material prices [thought/showed] concern about russia , with platinum jumping almost $ 6 to $ 356 an ounce after a statement by the official russian export agency threatening to restrict exports because of recent weak demand .

Invergordon did not have an easy time of it in 1992 , a fact reflected both by turnover , down 8 per cent at £85 million , and operating profits , down 3.8 per cent at £35.3 million .
invergordon did not have an easy time of it in 1992 , a fact [thought/showed] both by turnover , down 8 per cent at £85 million , and operating profits , down 3.8 per cent at £35.3 million .

It was an object lesson in finishing that would have preyed on the minds of the Belgian team at half time as they reflected on an opening 45 minutes during which it seemed only a matter of time before they took the lead .
it was an object lesson in finishing that would have preyed on the minds of the belgian team at half time as they [thought/showed] on an opening 45 minutes during which it seemed only a matter of time before they took the lead .

He said the review reflected changes in the county .
he said the review [thought/showed] changes in the county .

The screw-less Albert was a make of chair , bought for the new Ronald Harwood play Reflected Glory which has its world premiere at Darlington Civic Theatre this month .
the screw-less albert was a make of chair , bought for the new ronald harwood play [thought/showed] glory which has its world premiere at darlington civic theatre this month .

Reflected Glory reunites him with writer Ronald Harwood and director Elijah Moskinsky , with whom he worked on the stage production of Another Time a few years ago .
[thought/showed] glory reunites him with writer ronald harwood and director elijah moskinsky , with whom he worked on the stage production of another time a few years ago .

There was no reason to think the hotel industry would pick up and this was reflected by the fact that so many local hotels were up for sale .
there was no reason to think the hotel industry would pick up and this was [thought/showed] by the fact that so many local hotels were up for sale .

The Haughton area has one of the fastest growing populations in Darlington but school places have not reflected the increase .
the haughton area has one of the fastest growing populations in darlington but school places have not [thought/showed] the increase .

The noted cleric had lived in the nearby vicarage and some of the features of that property are reflected in Edelson House , says its present owner and one-time Darlington cricketer , Mr Richard Carter .
the noted cleric had lived in the nearby vicarage and some of the features of that property are [thought/showed] in edelson house , says its present owner and one-time darlington cricketer , mr richard carter .

But his Conservative counterpart said the drop in funding only reflected the fall in unemployment levels since their peak in 1986 .
but his conservative counterpart said the drop in funding only [thought/showed] the fall in unemployment levels since their peak in 1986 .

The greenhouse effect is caused when gases in the atmosphere let the sun 's rays through , but then trap some of the heat that would otherwise be reflected back into space .
the greenhouse effect is caused when gases in the atmosphere let the sun 's rays through , but then trap some of the heat that would otherwise be [thought/showed] back into space .

‘ And the arts in general are not just about illumination , creativity and education , but about seeing yourself and your lifestyle reflected back .
‘ and the arts in general are not just about illumination , creativity and education , but about seeing yourself and your lifestyle [thought/showed] back .

The effects of the recession were reflected in the chairman 's report to the foundation 's agm , which recorded a deficit of £69,220 for 1991-92 due to a combination of increased expenditure on coaching activities and a fall-off in sponsorship .
the effects of the recession were [thought/showed] in the chairman 's report to the foundation 's agm , which recorded a deficit of £69,220 for 1991-92 due to a combination of increased expenditure on coaching activities and a fall-off in sponsorship .

The surge in sales last month was also directly inspired by price cuts which reflected the desperation of many shopkeepers faced with poor results in December , traditionally the peak buying season of the year .
the surge in sales last month was also directly inspired by price cuts which [thought/showed] the desperation of many shopkeepers faced with poor results in december , traditionally the peak buying season of the year .

It is pleasant to record that the joy which accompanies any triggering of that very special memory for the spectating classes is reflected in McGeechan 's own private storehouse of matchless moments .
it is pleasant to record that the joy which accompanies any triggering of that very special memory for the spectating classes is [thought/showed] in mcgeechan 's own private storehouse of matchless moments .

McGeechan reflected that Scotland probably should have scored three tries and there was some suspicion about the Scottish scrummage ( though preparation for the England game in that regard will not be as fraught as last week ) .
mcgeechan [thought/showed] that scotland probably should have scored three tries and there was some suspicion about the scottish scrummage ( though preparation for the england game in that regard will not be as fraught as last week ) .

In the boardroom , doubts exist about the efficiency of Celtic 's backroom staff — as reflected in the club 's poor performance at reserve and youth team level .
in the boardroom , doubts exist about the efficiency of celtic 's backroom staff — as [thought/showed] in the club 's poor performance at reserve and youth team level .

Lord Fraser said the project reflected the Government 's aim of providing help more suited to individual needs .
lord fraser said the project [thought/showed] the government 's aim of providing help more suited to individual needs .

But while corporately the bank has adopted a positive approach , Mosson admits this is not always reflected in individual behaviour .
but while corporately the bank has adopted a positive approach , mosson admits this is not always [thought/showed] in individual behaviour .

The government 's approach is reflected in a 1993 budget allocating 60 per cent of expenditure to social welfare and 20 per cent to farm subsidies .
the government 's approach is [thought/showed] in a 1993 budget allocating 60 per cent of expenditure to social welfare and 20 per cent to farm subsidies .

Workshops in Strathdon , to expose Gaelic cast members to Doric , and in Skye , to acclimatise the Doric speakers , have been successful , but the director admits that the culture clashes of the script are sometimes being reflected in relations between the Gaels and east-coasters in the cast .
workshops in strathdon , to expose gaelic cast members to doric , and in skye , to acclimatise the doric speakers , have been successful , but the director admits that the culture clashes of the script are sometimes being [thought/showed] in relations between the gaels and east-coasters in the cast .

By examining changes in various genres , course participants will be able to trace how images of masculinity have reflected and/or affected developments in society at large .
by examining changes in various genres , course participants will be able to trace how images of masculinity have [thought/showed] and/or affected developments in society at large .

Secondly , we were struck by the Scots ' awareness of the beauty of their own culture and history , this well reflected in the music that they showed us .
secondly , we were struck by the scots ' awareness of the beauty of their own culture and history , this well [thought/showed] in the music that they showed us .

It is an independence of mind reflected in her choice of films as well .
it is an independence of mind [thought/showed] in her choice of films as well .

Here the lines of the paintings , it seems to the listener , are reflected in her music for she is a linear composer .
here the lines of the paintings , it seems to the listener , are [thought/showed] in her music for she is a linear composer .

Old Chinese music , Tan says , reflected nature , old western music , religion .
old chinese music , tan says , [thought/showed] nature , old western music , religion .

And it was more than just the light reflected from their balding , silvery heads .
and it was more than just the light [thought/showed] from their balding , silvery heads .

His parents ' cultural and academic interests were reflected broadly in Victor 's later education , which showed a keen enthusiasm for languages other than English .
his parents ' cultural and academic interests were [thought/showed] broadly in victor 's later education , which showed a keen enthusiasm for languages other than english .

With an unusual capacity for gathering and synthesising evidence relating to all three countries , he demonstrated the ways in which the fortunes of the respective Celtic languages reflected similar or divergent developments .
with an unusual capacity for gathering and synthesising evidence relating to all three countries , he demonstrated the ways in which the fortunes of the respective celtic languages [thought/showed] similar or divergent developments .

But Sally Gunnell reflected on the costliest defeat of her career and insisted : ‘ That race was n't about money .
but sally gunnell [thought/showed] on the costliest defeat of her career and insisted : ‘ that race was n't about money .

Mr Ashdown 's personal popularity is also reflected in a separate Gallup poll measuring the standing of the parties .
mr ashdown 's personal popularity is also [thought/showed] in a separate gallup poll measuring the standing of the parties .

They are a lovely family devastated by terrorism and we , as detectives , feel that our efforts and our knowledge of who are involved in these despicable acts are not reflected in convictions .
they are a lovely family devastated by terrorism and we , as detectives , feel that our efforts and our knowledge of who are involved in these despicable acts are not [thought/showed] in convictions .

Qualities of timelessness , and oneness with the people and surroundings are reflected in Prunella 's book , and the beautiful black and white photographs are also enchanting .
qualities of timelessness , and oneness with the people and surroundings are [thought/showed] in prunella 's book , and the beautiful black and white photographs are also enchanting .

During the sociable sorting period , some of us reflected that others were probably alone at the time , in their kitchens , baking for Christian Aid .
during the sociable sorting period , some of us [thought/showed] that others were probably alone at the time , in their kitchens , baking for christian aid .

The flashes of light as the lens reflected the rays of the sun blinded him .
the flashes of light as the lens [thought/showed] the rays of the sun blinded him .

The room reflected an aggressive nature — the photographs of burly boxers with fists held high in victory , the guns in the cabinet on the wall , the small black-and-white television blaring out the commentary of a boxing match , the picture of a large dog in the corner .
the room [thought/showed] an aggressive nature — the photographs of burly boxers with fists held high in victory , the guns in the cabinet on the wall , the small black-and-white television blaring out the commentary of a boxing match , the picture of a large dog in the corner .

In this simple contrast is reflected a century of change .
in this simple contrast is [thought/showed] a century of change .

This poem has a strong anti-war message warning of the pointlessness of war and this is reflected in the title ‘ Futility ’ which means uselessness .
this poem has a strong anti-war message warning of the pointlessness of war and this is [thought/showed] in the title ‘ futility ’ which means uselessness .

He had paid it no attention , for the light still reached it only by reflected glimpses ; but Isambard had lived with it on close terms for fifteen years , and knew it line for line and feature for feature .
he had paid it no attention , for the light still reached it only by [thought/showed] glimpses ; but isambard had lived with it on close terms for fifteen years , and knew it line for line and feature for feature .

No answer , but the pinched face reflected clearly enough how the boy 's heart sank within him .
no answer , but the pinched face [thought/showed] clearly enough how the boy 's heart sank within him .

’ His brows were drawn together in a frown , his face still ; the reflected light from the brazier made his fairness ruddy that was usually so pale and clear , but even so the likeness was extreme .
’ his brows were drawn together in a frown , his face still ; the [thought/showed] light from the brazier made his fairness ruddy that was usually so pale and clear , but even so the likeness was extreme .

His long-sighted eyes reflected gold back to the sunset , and the brightness did not fade as the sun went down .
his long-sighted eyes [thought/showed] gold back to the sunset , and the brightness did not fade as the sun went down .

The child , watching him hopefully but without understanding , shone with reflected eagerness .
the child , watching him hopefully but without understanding , shone with [thought/showed] eagerness .

In some cases , care must be taken not to put ideas into a respondent 's head early in an interview lest these are reflected back at a later point .
in some cases , care must be taken not to put ideas into a respondent 's head early in an interview lest these are [thought/showed] back at a later point .

Profitable companies will be valued highly , and this should be reflected in the share price , and in the terms on which the company can raise funds .
profitable companies will be valued highly , and this should be [thought/showed] in the share price , and in the terms on which the company can raise funds .

The costs of market-making to the investor are reflected in the bid-offer spread ( turn ) , the difference between what the market maker will buy and sell at .
the costs of market-making to the investor are [thought/showed] in the bid-offer spread ( turn ) , the difference between what the market maker will buy and sell at .

The tendency to royal absolutism was halted by the English revolution of the seventeenth century which reflected the dynamism of civil society and firmly established its pre-eminence .
the tendency to royal absolutism was halted by the english revolution of the seventeenth century which [thought/showed] the dynamism of civil society and firmly established its pre-eminence .

In both countries , the class relations that gave rise to nationalization have been reflected in the continuing ethos of ‘ progressive ’ public sector industrial relations and the notion of the ‘ good employer ’ , manifested in relatively good sick pay and pensions , ‘ humane ’ handling of redundancy , and so on .
in both countries , the class relations that gave rise to nationalization have been [thought/showed] in the continuing ethos of ‘ progressive ’ public sector industrial relations and the notion of the ‘ good employer ’ , manifested in relatively good sick pay and pensions , ‘ humane ’ handling of redundancy , and so on .

Part of the growth of road transport reflected the political tolerance of what unions and rail pressure groups regarded as unfair competition .
part of the growth of road transport [thought/showed] the political tolerance of what unions and rail pressure groups regarded as unfair competition .

But , although this undoubtedly reflected increased working-class pressure as full employment was achieved , or approached ( chapters 11 and 12 ) , such pressure drew a response from right-wing governments as well as from those of the left elected as a direct result of it .
but , although this undoubtedly [thought/showed] increased working-class pressure as full employment was achieved , or approached ( chapters 11 and 12 ) , such pressure drew a response from right-wing governments as well as from those of the left elected as a direct result of it .

Despite the increased strength of labour , as reflected in welfare provisions and moves towards ‘ industrial democracy ’ , workers were still obliged to sell their labour power to employers whose freedom of action they might be able to limit , but certainly not control .
despite the increased strength of labour , as [thought/showed] in welfare provisions and moves towards ‘ industrial democracy ’ , workers were still obliged to sell their labour power to employers whose freedom of action they might be able to limit , but certainly not control .

For the industrial countries as a whole , around half the increase in imported manufactures between the years 1950 and 1963 represented greater import penetration of the domestic market and half reflected a larger market ; between 1963 and 1971 , when trade between the advanced countries grew by 156 per cent , almost two-thirds of the increase represented imports taking a greater share of the domestic market .
for the industrial countries as a whole , around half the increase in imported manufactures between the years 1950 and 1963 represented greater import penetration of the domestic market and half [thought/showed] a larger market ; between 1963 and 1971 , when trade between the advanced countries grew by 156 per cent , almost two-thirds of the increase represented imports taking a greater share of the domestic market .

These developments within agriculture reflected the growth in demand for labour in other sectors .
these developments within agriculture [thought/showed] the growth in demand for labour in other sectors .

However , shorter hours also reflected the growth of part-time work as more married women entered the labour force .
however , shorter hours also [thought/showed] the growth of part-time work as more married women entered the labour force .

Despite a faster rate of accumulation in relation to the labour force ( reflected in the capital-labour ratio growing 1 per cent per year faster ) , the growth of productivity was around 1 per cent slower in the early 1970s compared to the early 1960s ( figure 11.4 ) .
despite a faster rate of accumulation in relation to the labour force ( [thought/showed] in the capital-labour ratio growing 1 per cent per year faster ) , the growth of productivity was around 1 per cent slower in the early 1970s compared to the early 1960s ( figure 11.4 ) .

Whether or not accelerated product wages lead to a faster increase in living standards depends on how the prices of the goods that workers consume move relative to those that they produce , and on any changes in the proportion of their incomes that workers pay in taxation which are not reflected in increased benefits or social services .
whether or not accelerated product wages lead to a faster increase in living standards depends on how the prices of the goods that workers consume move relative to those that they produce , and on any changes in the proportion of their incomes that workers pay in taxation which are not [thought/showed] in increased benefits or social services .

In Europe workers also gained from a slower growth , relative to prices in general , of consumer prices ; this may in part have reflected pressure on governments to increase subsidies or hold down nationalized industries prices .
in europe workers also gained from a slower growth , relative to prices in general , of consumer prices ; this may in part have [thought/showed] pressure on governments to increase subsidies or hold down nationalized industries prices .

As we argued in the previous chapter , this profits squeeze fundamentally reflected overaccumulation .
as we argued in the previous chapter , this profits squeeze fundamentally [thought/showed] overaccumulation .

The shift in the balance of forces reflected in the wage explosion of 1968–70 was almost certainly the chief factor behind Italy 's worse performance in the 1970s .
the shift in the balance of forces [thought/showed] in the wage explosion of 1968–70 was almost certainly the chief factor behind italy 's worse performance in the 1970s .

Weakness at plant level was reflected in sharply negative wage drift in 1964 and 1965 .
weakness at plant level was [thought/showed] in sharply negative wage drift in 1964 and 1965 .

The music reflected his mood and had lost its former tranquillity .
the music [thought/showed] his mood and had lost its former tranquillity .

Gabriel reflected .
gabriel [thought/showed] .

As he walked he reflected that he had one other item to add to the profile of each boy .
as he walked he [thought/showed] that he had one other item to add to the profile of each boy .

He might hear or he might not , reflected Coffin .
he might hear or he might not , [thought/showed] coffin .

Repetition of evidence was to be avoided , said Mr Graham , although objectors were worried the full weight of opposition to the pylons would not be reflected .
repetition of evidence was to be avoided , said mr graham , although objectors were worried the full weight of opposition to the pylons would not be [thought/showed] .

Our efforts are reflected in improved standards — the pass rate of 45pc in 1977 has increased to 52pc .
our efforts are [thought/showed] in improved standards — the pass rate of 45pc in 1977 has increased to 52pc .

Mr Weston said the results reflected an excellent year for the company which opened new information centres in Warrington , Birkenhead and Wrexham .
mr weston said the results [thought/showed] an excellent year for the company which opened new information centres in warrington , birkenhead and wrexham .

The study by the Local Government Information Unit said ‘ miscalculations ’ are reflected in poll tax bills .
the study by the local government information unit said ‘ miscalculations ’ are [thought/showed] in poll tax bills .

Kernaghan reflected on his experiences with three previous manager .
kernaghan [thought/showed] on his experiences with three previous manager .

Slaven described Ipswich Town 's run as ‘ unbelievable ’ and reflected on the success of former Boro midfield player John Wark .
slaven described ipswich town 's run as ‘ unbelievable ’ and [thought/showed] on the success of former boro midfield player john wark .

Chairman Colin Henderson reflected on the club 's six-year rise since Ayresome Park gates were padlocked by the Official Receiver .
chairman colin henderson [thought/showed] on the club 's six-year rise since ayresome park gates were padlocked by the official receiver .

Reflected Glory :
[thought/showed] glory :

Like last week 's visit of The Miser with Tom Courtenay , Reflected Glory offers the chance to see Finney , one of the leading actors of the Sixties British film renaissance , in the flesh .
like last week 's visit of the miser with tom courtenay , [thought/showed] glory offers the chance to see finney , one of the leading actors of the sixties british film renaissance , in the flesh .

( £16.75 , £18.75 ) , but their popularity is reflected in the fact that tickets are already flying out the door .
( £16.75 , £18.75 ) , but their popularity is [thought/showed] in the fact that tickets are already flying out the door .

That sense of solidarity was reflected in the Young Farmers Club get-togethers .
that sense of solidarity was [thought/showed] in the young farmers club get-togethers .

‘ The Department of Health report also showed that milk was a major contributor of calcium , thiamin , riboflavin and vitamins , and that differences in milk consumption were reflected in the falling intakes of these nutrients in lower income families .
‘ the department of health report also showed that milk was a major contributor of calcium , thiamin , riboflavin and vitamins , and that differences in milk consumption were [thought/showed] in the falling intakes of these nutrients in lower income families .

The ten-point margin reflected the Police 's overall superiority and it gave them a deserved triumph in only their second appearance in the final .
the ten-point margin [thought/showed] the police 's overall superiority and it gave them a deserved triumph in only their second appearance in the final .

The budget of the Horton generally puts day to day work has got to better reflect the fact that there 's a growing district Hospital , and has got to better reflect the size of the population it serves , and then also about a third of the patients that are treated at the Horton come from Warwickshire , Northamptonshire and Gloucestershire , but actually the Horton is funded as if every patient there comes from Oxfordshire , and that 's clearly crazy , and we 've got to make quite sure that cross-boundary flows of patients are better reflected by cross boundary flows of money .
the budget of the horton generally puts day to day work has got to better reflect the fact that there 's a growing district hospital , and has got to better reflect the size of the population it serves , and then also about a third of the patients that are treated at the horton come from warwickshire , northamptonshire and gloucestershire , but actually the horton is funded as if every patient there comes from oxfordshire , and that 's clearly crazy , and we 've got to make quite sure that cross-boundary flows of patients are better [thought/showed] by cross boundary flows of money .

On the other hand , as we have changed to electricity , because of the inefficiency of the electricity generating process this has reflected an increase in the primary fuel consumption by the nation for domestic purposes , and this is true of most western countries that the consumption in the home has not increased , but changing to electricity increasingly has led to burning more oil and coal nationally to produce this constant home demand .
on the other hand , as we have changed to electricity , because of the inefficiency of the electricity generating process this has [thought/showed] an increase in the primary fuel consumption by the nation for domestic purposes , and this is true of most western countries that the consumption in the home has not increased , but changing to electricity increasingly has led to burning more oil and coal nationally to produce this constant home demand .

Sir John eased himself into his great chair at the top of the table and gloomily reflected on the past .
sir john eased himself into his great chair at the top of the table and gloomily [thought/showed] on the past .

Whilst he ate Athelstan reflected on what they had discussed .
whilst he ate athelstan [thought/showed] on what they had discussed .

Will operator charges by Railtrack be reflected in higher fares and possible loss of patronage resulting from cross price elasticity ?
will operator charges by railtrack be [thought/showed] in higher fares and possible loss of patronage resulting from cross price elasticity ?

The programme has reflected the needs arising from the many relief projects in Africa as well as the efforts being made to help improve the management of transport in health and other programmes .
the programme has [thought/showed] the needs arising from the many relief projects in africa as well as the efforts being made to help improve the management of transport in health and other programmes .

The college has built up strong links with local industry and this will be reflected on the board .
the college has built up strong links with local industry and this will be [thought/showed] on the board .

For these ‘ happy pilots ’ , he reflected , triumph or defeat ‘ gains equally the cheers of those who die beyond glory of any sort .
for these ‘ happy pilots ’ , he [thought/showed] , triumph or defeat ‘ gains equally the cheers of those who die beyond glory of any sort .

It reflected how customers considered each company performed in 14 areas of the business .
it [thought/showed] how customers considered each company performed in 14 areas of the business .

The ascendancy of Keynesian economics , which was reflected in policy-making in the 1950s and 1960s , has become increasingly challenged in recent years .
the ascendancy of keynesian economics , which was [thought/showed] in policy-making in the 1950s and 1960s , has become increasingly challenged in recent years .

This result , however , is not reflected in the ‘ absolute income ’ hypothesis where consumption depends on present income alone .
this result , however , is not [thought/showed] in the ‘ absolute income ’ hypothesis where consumption depends on present income alone .

As reflected in recent United Kingdom monetary policy , monetarists contend that there is a direct relationship between the nominal money supply and money national income .
as [thought/showed] in recent united kingdom monetary policy , monetarists contend that there is a direct relationship between the nominal money supply and money national income .

, chief executive of Courtaulds Marine and Yacht Coatings ( Europe ) , said the deal reflected Courtaulds ' desire ‘ to complete its European network of operations and have a direct involvement in this important European market . ’
, chief executive of courtaulds marine and yacht coatings ( europe ) , said the deal [thought/showed] courtaulds ' desire ‘ to complete its european network of operations and have a direct involvement in this important european market . ’

Overall , equations ( 9.78 ) and ( 9.79 ) allow for a signal being fed in at one end of a transmission line , propagating along it and being partially reflected at the other end to give a wave travelling in the opposite direction .
overall , equations ( 9.78 ) and ( 9.79 ) allow for a signal being fed in at one end of a transmission line , propagating along it and being partially [thought/showed] at the other end to give a wave travelling in the opposite direction .

Regarding reflection at the end of a transmission line , naturally the ratio of the potential difference of the immediate reflected wave to that of the incident wave is called the reflection coefficient .
regarding reflection at the end of a transmission line , naturally the ratio of the potential difference of the immediate [thought/showed] wave to that of the incident wave is called the reflection coefficient .

It might attract visitors , but the study indicated that visitors ' attitudes towards such ostentation were that it would be reflected in the price of the products .
it might attract visitors , but the study indicated that visitors ' attitudes towards such ostentation were that it would be [thought/showed] in the price of the products .

It is a psychologically unrewarding task for the person soliciting over the telephone , and this is reflected in the vernacular term applied to the location from which such solicitation takes place — ‘ the boiler room ’ .
it is a psychologically unrewarding task for the person soliciting over the telephone , and this is [thought/showed] in the vernacular term applied to the location from which such solicitation takes place — ‘ the boiler room ’ .

Thus , fair treatment of agents and ex-agents cultivates a reputation as a good and fair employer and this , in turn , will probably be reflected in future dealings in that country .
thus , fair treatment of agents and ex-agents cultivates a reputation as a good and fair employer and this , in turn , will probably be [thought/showed] in future dealings in that country .

The subdued purple and green lighting completes the image of style and sophistication reflected in the menu range , the food presentation and the staff employed .
the subdued purple and green lighting completes the image of style and sophistication [thought/showed] in the menu range , the food presentation and the staff employed .

Peter continued : ‘ The sales staff continually come up with innovative proposals , and their approach is reflected in our success of the past few years .
peter continued : ‘ the sales staff continually come up with innovative proposals , and their approach is [thought/showed] in our success of the past few years .

Their hardiness in the aquarium is reflected in their natural habitat .
their hardiness in the aquarium is [thought/showed] in their natural habitat .

It is also reflected in Tillich 's rejection of the superficial approach to religion which sees value in every religious tradition apart from one 's own , and in his rejection of the kind of approach that aims at the complete synthesis of all particular religions into one all-embracing whole .
it is also [thought/showed] in tillich 's rejection of the superficial approach to religion which sees value in every religious tradition apart from one 's own , and in his rejection of the kind of approach that aims at the complete synthesis of all particular religions into one all-embracing whole .

It will be seen that much Christian teaching on love is reflected in what has been outlined above , and that Gandhi 's teaching concerning non-possession goes beyond what is normally considered to be involved in the vow of poverty in certain Christian orders .
it will be seen that much christian teaching on love is [thought/showed] in what has been outlined above , and that gandhi 's teaching concerning non-possession goes beyond what is normally considered to be involved in the vow of poverty in certain christian orders .

As he entered the study , Stephen reflected on how fortunate he had been to obtain this man 's services .
as he entered the study , stephen [thought/showed] on how fortunate he had been to obtain this man 's services .

As the throng of workers laughed and joked , tucking into the vast amount of food laid out before them , Annie 's mind went back to other Mell Suppers and not for the first time , she reflected on how her family had dwindled .
as the throng of workers laughed and joked , tucking into the vast amount of food laid out before them , annie 's mind went back to other mell suppers and not for the first time , she [thought/showed] on how her family had dwindled .

His thoughts were in turmoil and his open guileless face reflected the chaos in his mind .
his thoughts were in turmoil and his open guileless face [thought/showed] the chaos in his mind .

The atmosphere reflected in early writings on the subject is unmistakably one of eager , and on the whole , confident experimentation in new forms of political association , in a world in which no absolute diminution of British power appears to be anticipated .
the atmosphere [thought/showed] in early writings on the subject is unmistakably one of eager , and on the whole , confident experimentation in new forms of political association , in a world in which no absolute diminution of british power appears to be anticipated .

Television 's response to the struggle around Clause 28 reflected the status the campaign achieved in the political arena .
television 's response to the struggle around clause 28 [thought/showed] the status the campaign achieved in the political arena .

Many Labour councils recognized that the victory of the Conservative Party in 1979 reflected a loss of faith in the way that both the economy and the welfare state had been managed by successive governments since 1945 .
many labour councils recognized that the victory of the conservative party in 1979 [thought/showed] a loss of faith in the way that both the economy and the welfare state had been managed by successive governments since 1945 .

The contradictions are reflected in the political arguments — and political rows — between socialist feminists and the fledgling labour movement bureaucracy .
the contradictions are [thought/showed] in the political arguments — and political rows — between socialist feminists and the fledgling labour movement bureaucracy .

This is reflected in some of the expressions which include animals .
this is [thought/showed] in some of the expressions which include animals .

It 's reflected in the stock of her delightful shop , where the special attraction is handmade photo albums covered in a choice of decorative papers with elegant buckram bindings .
it 's [thought/showed] in the stock of her delightful shop , where the special attraction is handmade photo albums covered in a choice of decorative papers with elegant buckram bindings .

It takes time , effort and money to produce top quality fruit and this is reflected in the price .
it takes time , effort and money to produce top quality fruit and this is [thought/showed] in the price .

It 's a familiar quandary : buy an affordable production line bass and live with the fact that you share your new baby with thousands of others , or take the handmade option , pay through the nose and bask in the reflected glory of your instrument 's exclusivity .
it 's a familiar quandary : buy an affordable production line bass and live with the fact that you share your new baby with thousands of others , or take the handmade option , pay through the nose and bask in the [thought/showed] glory of your instrument 's exclusivity .

The original church was Norman and cruciform , and though little of it remains , some interesting detailing of the period is reflected in the north transept , the nave and aisles .
the original church was norman and cruciform , and though little of it remains , some interesting detailing of the period is [thought/showed] in the north transept , the nave and aisles .

And that interest was reflected when over 100,000 people filled six blocks of George Street from Circular Quay to the Town Hall to cheer home the Wallabies .
and that interest was [thought/showed] when over 100,000 people filled six blocks of george street from circular quay to the town hall to cheer home the wallabies .

Since murder , assault , and theft are committed by working-class men , corporate executives see their own virtue reflected in the guilt of those beneath them .
since murder , assault , and theft are committed by working-class men , corporate executives see their own virtue [thought/showed] in the guilt of those beneath them .

Gunningham concluded that the acts only reflected the types of control which were economically convenient to industry , and that ‘ since strict enforcement of more severe legislation would attack the very root of capitalism … then any compromise between alternative policies and views is always struck within an area which does not threaten these interests ’ ( Gunningham 1974 : 83 ) .
gunningham concluded that the acts only [thought/showed] the types of control which were economically convenient to industry , and that ‘ since strict enforcement of more severe legislation would attack the very root of capitalism … then any compromise between alternative policies and views is always struck within an area which does not threaten these interests ’ ( gunningham 1974 : 83 ) .

But Bassett reflected on his early management days in charge of Vinny Jones and Co at Wimbledon .
but bassett [thought/showed] on his early management days in charge of vinny jones and co at wimbledon .

But he looked a picture of misery instead as he reflected on a the heavy demands on his men .
but he looked a picture of misery instead as he [thought/showed] on a the heavy demands on his men .

Her irrepressible nature was reflected in her early stage names .
her irrepressible nature was [thought/showed] in her early stage names .

They seem to have no colour , although yesterday afternoon 's image is still strong — the canyon glowing deep red in reflected light from the walls , the interior an inferno in the midday sun .
they seem to have no colour , although yesterday afternoon 's image is still strong — the canyon glowing deep red in [thought/showed] light from the walls , the interior an inferno in the midday sun .

But his old comrade Alex Groux , who travelled from France for the poignant ceremony , reflected ruefully : ‘ This was the one battle we could not win . ’
but his old comrade alex groux , who travelled from france for the poignant ceremony , [thought/showed] ruefully : ‘ this was the one battle we could not win . ’

Sep 27 1975 The majestic drug-crazed poet warrior that was Jim Morrison , and , erm , this Sixth Form drawing of a lizard reflected in some sunglasses .
sep 27 1975 the majestic drug-crazed poet warrior that was jim morrison , and , erm , this sixth form drawing of a lizard [thought/showed] in some sunglasses .

One that reflected his belief in full-blooded socialism , a belief he was sure so many of them shared .
one that [thought/showed] his belief in full-blooded socialism , a belief he was sure so many of them shared .

Her glasses shone with reflected sunlight .
her glasses shone with [thought/showed] sunlight .

There are certainly many others who would see themselves reflected more accurately in Constantin Levin , Tolstoy 's portrayal of himself in Anna Karenina .
there are certainly many others who would see themselves [thought/showed] more accurately in constantin levin , tolstoy 's portrayal of himself in anna karenina .

Vines can be lifted high off the ground to avoid frost ; dropped as low as possible to benefit from heat reflected by stony ground at night ; generously spaced along the rows to attract the sun and avoid humidity ; or intensively cultivated into a canopy of foliage to avoid too much sun and encourage humidity in dry areas .
vines can be lifted high off the ground to avoid frost ; dropped as low as possible to benefit from heat [thought/showed] by stony ground at night ; generously spaced along the rows to attract the sun and avoid humidity ; or intensively cultivated into a canopy of foliage to avoid too much sun and encourage humidity in dry areas .

Ever since his time as a medical student , he had been drawn towards women who were higher up the career ladder , revelling in both the challenge and the reflected glory when he succeeded .
ever since his time as a medical student , he had been drawn towards women who were higher up the career ladder , revelling in both the challenge and the [thought/showed] glory when he succeeded .

The call was reflected in the name we eventually chose for the church : Cranham Community Church .
the call was [thought/showed] in the name we eventually chose for the church : cranham community church .

So he had lived in childhood and adolescence in the same country rectory , taking part each Sunday in a familiar liturgy which reflected , interpreted , and sanctified the changing seasons of the farming year .
so he had lived in childhood and adolescence in the same country rectory , taking part each sunday in a familiar liturgy which [thought/showed] , interpreted , and sanctified the changing seasons of the farming year .

Darkness was falling and the huge pane of glass was a black rectangle in which he could see their faces reflected , like the gaunt , disembodied heads of night travellers in a lighted railway carriage .
darkness was falling and the huge pane of glass was a black rectangle in which he could see their faces [thought/showed] , like the gaunt , disembodied heads of night travellers in a lighted railway carriage .

The theme of the Mass was ‘ Thanksgiving ’ and this was reflected in the reading , Gospel and bidding prayers .
the theme of the mass was ‘ thanksgiving ’ and this was [thought/showed] in the reading , gospel and bidding prayers .

This order of magnitude of improvements is reflected in the interim results from the first ten projects .
this order of magnitude of improvements is [thought/showed] in the interim results from the first ten projects .

He 'd caught a glimpse of the two of them reflected in the hall mirror and his heart had lurched because it looked as if he was propping up a corpse .
he 'd caught a glimpse of the two of them [thought/showed] in the hall mirror and his heart had lurched because it looked as if he was propping up a corpse .

She reflected on the reasons why people in modern society have difficulty in expressing and ritualizing grief and responding to loss and bereavement experienced by others .
she [thought/showed] on the reasons why people in modern society have difficulty in expressing and ritualizing grief and responding to loss and bereavement experienced by others .

That you reflected in the summer play
that you [thought/showed] in the summer play

The legislation reflected a judgement that local authorities could not deliver what the national interest required .
the legislation [thought/showed] a judgement that local authorities could not deliver what the national interest required .

However , these various measures are perfectly consistent in the sense that they encroach decisively on areas on which local authorities exercise responsibility and , since the Secretary of State will have a key role in connection with financial delegation and ‘ opting out ’ , the measures must be said to reinforce the centralism which is reflected most obviously in the measures to the national curriculum .
however , these various measures are perfectly consistent in the sense that they encroach decisively on areas on which local authorities exercise responsibility and , since the secretary of state will have a key role in connection with financial delegation and ‘ opting out ’ , the measures must be said to reinforce the centralism which is [thought/showed] most obviously in the measures to the national curriculum .

That consensus was reflected in the recommendations of the Munn Committee itself , which were , in turn , based on the evidence submitted to the committee .
that consensus was [thought/showed] in the recommendations of the munn committee itself , which were , in turn , based on the evidence submitted to the committee .

It was also reflected in the public discussion that took place following the publication of the report .
it was also [thought/showed] in the public discussion that took place following the publication of the report .

The Secretary of State 's announcement reflected what , in the light of the consultation and public discussion , local authorities and schools wished to see .
the secretary of state 's announcement [thought/showed] what , in the light of the consultation and public discussion , local authorities and schools wished to see .

The intention clearly was to make sure that guidelines developed reflected enterprising classroom practice .
the intention clearly was to make sure that guidelines developed [thought/showed] enterprising classroom practice .

It is equally possible that within such a framework schools and communities could offer curricula that reflected the responsiveness and diversity that many value .
it is equally possible that within such a framework schools and communities could offer curricula that [thought/showed] the responsiveness and diversity that many value .

Sunlight reflected from the snow outside flashed off his rimless pince-nez perched on the bridge of his strong nose .
sunlight [thought/showed] from the snow outside flashed off his rimless pince-nez perched on the bridge of his strong nose .

Then , in the light reflected from the snow , he saw Manescu 's dark eyes gazing back at him .
then , in the light [thought/showed] from the snow , he saw manescu 's dark eyes gazing back at him .

As he dumped his case in the pleasant bedroom , lifted the lid and left it at that , he reflected .
as he dumped his case in the pleasant bedroom , lifted the lid and left it at that , he [thought/showed] .

Maybe it also high-lighted the difference between the British and the American temperament , Tweed reflected .
maybe it also high-lighted the difference between the british and the american temperament , tweed [thought/showed] .

Behind her the sea glittered as the sun reflected off the waves .
behind her the sea glittered as the sun [thought/showed] off the waves .

They may simply have reflected the population from which they were drawn .
they may simply have [thought/showed] the population from which they were drawn .

This is reflected by three special rules .
this is [thought/showed] by three special rules .

In large part lack of consensus reflected differences in theoretical positions ; to some degree it was a consequence of the different interests of the departments within which economists were employed .
in large part lack of consensus [thought/showed] differences in theoretical positions ; to some degree it was a consequence of the different interests of the departments within which economists were employed .

By the mid 1970s , this had widened to the remarkable extent of 31 and 4 per cent , though unquestionably this partly reflected the heavy impact of world recession on manufacturing as well as problems of measurement .
by the mid 1970s , this had widened to the remarkable extent of 31 and 4 per cent , though unquestionably this partly [thought/showed] the heavy impact of world recession on manufacturing as well as problems of measurement .

This fact was reflected both in broad economic strategy and in policies of intervention .
this fact was [thought/showed] both in broad economic strategy and in policies of intervention .

Within the Hardware sector a clear divide was noted between specialised and commodity manufacturers , as reflected in both performance and valuation statistics .
within the hardware sector a clear divide was noted between specialised and commodity manufacturers , as [thought/showed] in both performance and valuation statistics .

The result of this is reflected in our splendid service record .
the result of this is [thought/showed] in our splendid service record .

That evening we looked back on the day with our fellow guests whose interests — from birdwatching to archaeology , cave-exploring to gliding — reflected the enormous variety of activities catered for across the region .
that evening we looked back on the day with our fellow guests whose interests — from birdwatching to archaeology , cave-exploring to gliding — [thought/showed] the enormous variety of activities catered for across the region .

But the good news from manufacturers was not reflected in the energy sector , with production falling 3.3 pc on the month .
but the good news from manufacturers was not [thought/showed] in the energy sector , with production falling 3.3 pc on the month .

He had a great objection to plays and novels and to romances and poems , but reflected that Our Saviour spoke in parables , and that fables might therefore be admitted in moral discussions .
he had a great objection to plays and novels and to romances and poems , but [thought/showed] that our saviour spoke in parables , and that fables might therefore be admitted in moral discussions .

Earl Cowper , the Deputy Lord Lieutenant of Bedfordshire , ‘ expressed the humiliation and shame which he felt when he reflected on his Church 's treatment of Bunyan ’ .
earl cowper , the deputy lord lieutenant of bedfordshire , ‘ expressed the humiliation and shame which he felt when he [thought/showed] on his church 's treatment of bunyan ’ .

Another of the Tractarian poets , Isaac Williams , reflected pathetically on visiting Ken 's tomb , whilst a similar visit by Richard Monckton Milnes , the future Man of Letters Lord Houghton , produced a poem exceeding Ken at his most bathetic and beginning ,
another of the tractarian poets , isaac williams , [thought/showed] pathetically on visiting ken 's tomb , whilst a similar visit by richard monckton milnes , the future man of letters lord houghton , produced a poem exceeding ken at his most bathetic and beginning ,

Instead , it reflected how successful they had been in aggressively promoting their rather indifferent work .
instead , it [thought/showed] how successful they had been in aggressively promoting their rather indifferent work .

We are aware of the limited value of both as guides to comprehending the true nature of insanity , especially the more positive aspects we see reflected in the creative mind , and we fully agree with Lyndall Gordon who , when writing about Virginia Woolf , comments ‘ Our language has , as yet , no term for madness which is not demeaning .
we are aware of the limited value of both as guides to comprehending the true nature of insanity , especially the more positive aspects we see [thought/showed] in the creative mind , and we fully agree with lyndall gordon who , when writing about virginia woolf , comments ‘ our language has , as yet , no term for madness which is not demeaning .

He said this reflected the substantial investment in coastal defences made by successive governments and local agencies , as well as the professionalism of the emergency services and other organisations involved .
he said this [thought/showed] the substantial investment in coastal defences made by successive governments and local agencies , as well as the professionalism of the emergency services and other organisations involved .

The split decision , arrived at after almost two hours deliberation by the panel , reflected the complexity of the two-day hearing during which shocking allegations were made about what life was like for residents in the Colchester hospital .
the split decision , arrived at after almost two hours deliberation by the panel , [thought/showed] the complexity of the two-day hearing during which shocking allegations were made about what life was like for residents in the colchester hospital .

This is reflected in those chapters of this book which deal with the agriculture of the farms and the homes in which our subjects lived , trade in commodities and finished products , the craft skills in use and the religious beliefs of the population which were persuasively altered by Christian missionaries .
this is [thought/showed] in those chapters of this book which deal with the agriculture of the farms and the homes in which our subjects lived , trade in commodities and finished products , the craft skills in use and the religious beliefs of the population which were persuasively altered by christian missionaries .

The resistance on the part of some Anglo-Saxon archaeologists to formulating hypotheses and to examine methods currently in use is reflected in Wilson 's suggestion that ‘ the tendency on the part of some American archaeologists to force it [ archaeology ] within certain philosophic boxes … quite at odds with the loose methods of induction often needed to deal with the archaeological material must be ignored ’ ( 1976a , p. 2 ) .
the resistance on the part of some anglo-saxon archaeologists to formulating hypotheses and to examine methods currently in use is [thought/showed] in wilson 's suggestion that ‘ the tendency on the part of some american archaeologists to force it [ archaeology ] within certain philosophic boxes … quite at odds with the loose methods of induction often needed to deal with the archaeological material must be ignored ’ ( 1976a , p. 2 ) .

The growth of population and commensurate expansion of settlement is reflected by the increasingly varied soil environments settled through the Anglo-Saxon period .
the growth of population and commensurate expansion of settlement is [thought/showed] by the increasingly varied soil environments settled through the anglo-saxon period .

This difference may , to some extent , be reflected in the variation in political development of such kingdoms as Kent and Mercia ( see Chapter 5 ) .
this difference may , to some extent , be [thought/showed] in the variation in political development of such kingdoms as kent and mercia ( see chapter 5 ) .

There were probably direct connections between the Continent and other parts of England , reflected , for instance , in the large volume of Scandinavian material in East Anglia .
there were probably direct connections between the continent and other parts of england , [thought/showed] , for instance , in the large volume of scandinavian material in east anglia .

Some of the connections which can be observed through the textiles are reflected by other goods ; the braids from Chessell Down have been compared with those from Envermeu and Herpes-en-Charente in France , the latter producing additional Anglo-Saxon objects matched in Kent and the Isle of Wight .
some of the connections which can be observed through the textiles are [thought/showed] by other goods ; the braids from chessell down have been compared with those from envermeu and herpes-en-charente in france , the latter producing additional anglo-saxon objects matched in kent and the isle of wight .

This outstanding hospitality and scrupulous attention to detail is reflected in your luxurious bedroom .
this outstanding hospitality and scrupulous attention to detail is [thought/showed] in your luxurious bedroom .

This is a period of storm and stress , at any rate to begin with ; Wordsworth 's obscure and apparently purposeless wanderings are reflected in Guilt and Sorrow ( also called Salisbury Plain , and , in truncated form , The Female Vagrant ) .
this is a period of storm and stress , at any rate to begin with ; wordsworth 's obscure and apparently purposeless wanderings are [thought/showed] in guilt and sorrow ( also called salisbury plain , and , in truncated form , the female vagrant ) .

Ten minutes later in the gymnasium downstairs Lee reflected that if she threw one of the dumb-bells she was using at the wall-sized mirror and it shattered into a hundred pieces around a central trauma , she would wake herself up and everybody around her and get into the local papers .
ten minutes later in the gymnasium downstairs lee [thought/showed] that if she threw one of the dumb-bells she was using at the wall-sized mirror and it shattered into a hundred pieces around a central trauma , she would wake herself up and everybody around her and get into the local papers .

Her dark-brown skin picked up the deadening light inside the train and reflected it strangely so that her face looked almost silver .
her dark-brown skin picked up the deadening light inside the train and [thought/showed] it strangely so that her face looked almost silver .

So we are left once more with the need for some form of realignment of the opposition forces to ensure that the non-Tory majority in votes is better reflected in seats in the House of Commons .
so we are left once more with the need for some form of realignment of the opposition forces to ensure that the non-tory majority in votes is better [thought/showed] in seats in the house of commons .

The themes we selected reflected our views of bulimia , which we believe is a disabling problem with elements that are unique to each woman 's experiences but which represent a way of dealing with life 's stresses .
the themes we selected [thought/showed] our views of bulimia , which we believe is a disabling problem with elements that are unique to each woman 's experiences but which represent a way of dealing with life 's stresses .

Since our beliefs create our experiences , Cathy 's love life faithfully reflected her mixed-up beliefs .
since our beliefs create our experiences , cathy 's love life faithfully [thought/showed] her mixed-up beliefs .

Most of the people here are working ; and this is reflected in the improvements they have made to their houses — extra rooms , more comfortable furniture , televisions , fridges .
most of the people here are working ; and this is [thought/showed] in the improvements they have made to their houses — extra rooms , more comfortable furniture , televisions , fridges .

In politics , Harold Macmillan only partially reflected his publisher origins .
in politics , harold macmillan only partially [thought/showed] his publisher origins .

If you assumed this public culture reflected political actuality you would be living in a fools ' paradise , the reverse side of Thatcherland .
if you assumed this public culture [thought/showed] political actuality you would be living in a fools ' paradise , the reverse side of thatcherland .

The value-for-money deal on their premises is happily reflected in the prices they charge for their hearty , rustic , Italian-orientated menu .
the value-for-money deal on their premises is happily [thought/showed] in the prices they charge for their hearty , rustic , italian-orientated menu .

Softly reflected by the sea
softly [thought/showed] by the sea

The press of the Gold Coast also reflected and stimulated the activities of nationalists and of the burgeoning political parties .
the press of the gold coast also [thought/showed] and stimulated the activities of nationalists and of the burgeoning political parties .

These mostly reflected the emergence and subsequent disappearance of various political groupings and parties .
these mostly [thought/showed] the emergence and subsequent disappearance of various political groupings and parties .

The official attitude to the press reflected a lower level of concern about broadcasting .
the official attitude to the press [thought/showed] a lower level of concern about broadcasting .

Much of this is conducted through the news media , where the political atmosphere is reflected quite clearly .
much of this is conducted through the news media , where the political atmosphere is [thought/showed] quite clearly .

Whatever you say to people needs to be reflected in your body as well as your tone of voice .
whatever you say to people needs to be [thought/showed] in your body as well as your tone of voice .

Looking back on the community 's experience of opposition , she reflected ‘ If we had got going earlier , and got support from all the locals , if we had n't waffled for ages , and demonstrated properly , and been more vocal — we had difficulty raising money , we just could n't raise money — we would have made an impact .
looking back on the community 's experience of opposition , she [thought/showed] ‘ if we had got going earlier , and got support from all the locals , if we had n't waffled for ages , and demonstrated properly , and been more vocal — we had difficulty raising money , we just could n't raise money — we would have made an impact .

Paul reflected that this was perhaps true , and did not pursue the subject .
paul [thought/showed] that this was perhaps true , and did not pursue the subject .

He reflected that , after all , it was the attitude he would wish to see adopted by her with their own servants , when they should have them ; and handed her into the jeweller 's .
he [thought/showed] that , after all , it was the attitude he would wish to see adopted by her with their own servants , when they should have them ; and handed her into the jeweller 's .

He himself had never been to Holborn , Dinah reflected ; and knew why .
he himself had never been to holborn , dinah [thought/showed] ; and knew why .

His face was reflected in the mirror , pale , the eyes open .
his face was [thought/showed] in the mirror , pale , the eyes open .

Their immediate appeal combined with their inspiring vision of Christian community shows that they also reflected a religious reality in their day .
their immediate appeal combined with their inspiring vision of christian community shows that they also [thought/showed] a religious reality in their day .

He had read a good deal of French romance for his Sir Gawain edition , and may have reflected further that even Beowulf has a kind of ‘ interlace ’ technique .
he had read a good deal of french romance for his sir gawain edition , and may have [thought/showed] further that even beowulf has a kind of ‘ interlace ’ technique .

Now why could n't Shakespeare have told that , Tolkien must have reflected , instead of bothering with King Lear !
now why could n't shakespeare have told that , tolkien must have [thought/showed] , instead of bothering with king lear !

Adam , among his computers , reflected on the coypu man , whose bill he had later paid , but whom he had never seen again .
adam , among his computers , [thought/showed] on the coypu man , whose bill he had later paid , but whom he had never seen again .

It was as though he thought keeping fit would compensate for the image of the decadent Arab which was reflected in most of the press .
it was as though he thought keeping fit would compensate for the image of the decadent arab which was [thought/showed] in most of the press .

Work began at dawn , taking advantage of the hours before the sun grilled the earth and the earth in turn reflected its own massive heat .
work began at dawn , taking advantage of the hours before the sun grilled the earth and the earth in turn [thought/showed] its own massive heat .

The sheer pleasure of enjoying the fun of exercise is reflected in our mental well-being .
the sheer pleasure of enjoying the fun of exercise is [thought/showed] in our mental well-being .

Your skin is being bombarded with sunrays which are scattered and reflected off other surfaces .
your skin is being bombarded with sunrays which are scattered and [thought/showed] off other surfaces .

This is reflected in the fairs , festivals and sports events which are held throughout the year and which attract many sightseers .
this is [thought/showed] in the fairs , festivals and sports events which are held throughout the year and which attract many sightseers .

This ambiguity is reflected in his attitude towards the younger members of the Watson and Lester families .
this ambiguity is [thought/showed] in his attitude towards the younger members of the watson and lester families .

Over the past 10 years the growth of the Campaign for Real Ale has reflected the rejection by a section of the public of the mass-sale brands which the big brewers were selling in apparently uniformly decorated pubs .
over the past 10 years the growth of the campaign for real ale has [thought/showed] the rejection by a section of the public of the mass-sale brands which the big brewers were selling in apparently uniformly decorated pubs .

This is reflected in the non-conformist beauty of the unsupermodels — the leading Bovril muses .
this is [thought/showed] in the non-conformist beauty of the unsupermodels — the leading bovril muses .

So the previous owners were childless , were they , Celia reflected , after Miss Symes had gone .
so the previous owners were childless , were they , celia [thought/showed] , after miss symes had gone .

Celia wondered whether they had reached an impasse , whether Dr Shalcross was secretly horrified at her although , she reflected , psychotherapists were never horrified , were they ?
celia wondered whether they had reached an impasse , whether dr shalcross was secretly horrified at her although , she [thought/showed] , psychotherapists were never horrified , were they ?

Then , with that stoical and selfless streak in her character , she reflected that perhaps it was just as well he was not .
then , with that stoical and selfless streak in her character , she [thought/showed] that perhaps it was just as well he was not .

The Raffertys of this world , even in the changing climate of 1945 , Harriet reflected , still seemed to think it was their duty to ensure that others , rather than themselves , had a little relaxation .
the raffertys of this world , even in the changing climate of 1945 , harriet [thought/showed] , still seemed to think it was their duty to ensure that others , rather than themselves , had a little relaxation .

Vologsky 's dark eyes reflected his puzzlement .
vologsky 's dark eyes [thought/showed] his puzzlement .

And the Lord had provided , reflected Mrs Palichuk .
and the lord had provided , [thought/showed] mrs palichuk .

He was charmed by the tune and took the whole box from her while he listened ; his face reflected an almost childlike absorption .
he was charmed by the tune and took the whole box from her while he listened ; his face [thought/showed] an almost childlike absorption .

She had chosen , he reflected aggrievedly , to ignore him as far as possible .
she had chosen , he [thought/showed] aggrievedly , to ignore him as far as possible .

Bury , in short , reflected the wealth of an ordinary country district and displayed no strong individual characteristics .
bury , in short , [thought/showed] the wealth of an ordinary country district and displayed no strong individual characteristics .

The exception to this rule was Norfolk , but here clerical wealth must have reflected the yield of tithes in the leading cereal-producing region , momentarily augmented perhaps by the high grain prices of recent years .
the exception to this rule was norfolk , but here clerical wealth must have [thought/showed] the yield of tithes in the leading cereal-producing region , momentarily augmented perhaps by the high grain prices of recent years .

Against this background the institutions which had become the responsibility of Bedfordshire County Council were under pressure which was reflected in the occupancy figures at St. Peter 's for July 1931 :
against this background the institutions which had become the responsibility of bedfordshire county council were under pressure which was [thought/showed] in the occupancy figures at st. peter 's for july 1931 :

In January 1941 , the local newspaper carried a description of the fires of London reflected in the southern sky , and in the same issue of the Bedfordshire Times it was reported that a member of the Area Guardians Committee had stated that a number of men employed as labourers on government works were being lodged at the Public Assistance Institution as casuals .
in january 1941 , the local newspaper carried a description of the fires of london [thought/showed] in the southern sky , and in the same issue of the bedfordshire times it was reported that a member of the area guardians committee had stated that a number of men employed as labourers on government works were being lodged at the public assistance institution as casuals .

Their oddly twisted vision of reality is reflected in their wide-eyed stare and slavering tongue stained purple with spider venom .
their oddly twisted vision of reality is [thought/showed] in their wide-eyed stare and slavering tongue stained purple with spider venom .

Furthermore , ‘ responses to the questionnaire indicated that this pattern is reflected nationally ’ .
furthermore , ‘ responses to the questionnaire indicated that this pattern is [thought/showed] nationally ’ .

It was reflected predictably in the relatively low priority now given by social services to special educational needs .
it was [thought/showed] predictably in the relatively low priority now given by social services to special educational needs .

How these experiences can be reconciled in order to provide equality of opportunity to all under-fives is a fundamental theme which is reflected in this article .
how these experiences can be reconciled in order to provide equality of opportunity to all under-fives is a fundamental theme which is [thought/showed] in this article .

This is reflected in Articles of Government made under the 1986 Act in the procedures laid down for dealing with the exclusion of pupils from school and with the appeals which might arise from exclusion .
this is [thought/showed] in articles of government made under the 1986 act in the procedures laid down for dealing with the exclusion of pupils from school and with the appeals which might arise from exclusion .

She reflected before answering .
she [thought/showed] before answering .

It was not , Anna reflected , unlike doing the church flowers , except that Tim was being so much nicer to her than Miss Dunstable or Freda Partington ever were .
it was not , anna [thought/showed] , unlike doing the church flowers , except that tim was being so much nicer to her than miss dunstable or freda partington ever were .

If Laura had ever owned a car , Anna reflected , this is how it would have looked inside , with the addition of old shoes and chocolate wrappers and squashed hats .
if laura had ever owned a car , anna [thought/showed] , this is how it would have looked inside , with the addition of old shoes and chocolate wrappers and squashed hats .

This broad approach to the political significance of the mass media is reflected in many contemporary writings .
this broad approach to the political significance of the mass media is [thought/showed] in many contemporary writings .

Changes in content and style — ‘ news ’ was now moved to the front pages , there were briefer stories , news stories grew in importance as ‘ opinion and commentary ’ lost favour , different typographical styles were used to attract readers and make newspapers less severe — reflected much more than a mere process of ‘ modernization ’ .
changes in content and style — ‘ news ’ was now moved to the front pages , there were briefer stories , news stories grew in importance as ‘ opinion and commentary ’ lost favour , different typographical styles were used to attract readers and make newspapers less severe — [thought/showed] much more than a mere process of ‘ modernization ’ .

the new vision of life ( from the 1960s onwards ) reflected divisions within society , divisions between classes , the generations and the sexes , between north and south , between the provinces and London , between pragmatists and ideologues … .
the new vision of life ( from the 1960s onwards ) [thought/showed] divisions within society , divisions between classes , the generations and the sexes , between north and south , between the provinces and london , between pragmatists and ideologues … .

Pensions and pensioners are a big market as is reflected in the wide range of financial institutions offering pre-retirement courses .
pensions and pensioners are a big market as is [thought/showed] in the wide range of financial institutions offering pre-retirement courses .

The few inappropriate appointments in his experience were , Tagg felt , probably more the fault of Grand Metropolitan than the headhunters concerned , and reflected very rapid changes in the organisation at that particular time .
the few inappropriate appointments in his experience were , tagg felt , probably more the fault of grand metropolitan than the headhunters concerned , and [thought/showed] very rapid changes in the organisation at that particular time .

The language used throughout these public self-descriptions reflected general visions of altruism and service : ‘ public protection ’ , ‘ willing to serve the public ’ , ‘ public confidence ’ , ‘ trust ’ , ‘ special skill ’ , ‘ the supply of professional services is very much more than a business transaction ’ . At the level of contentious and non-contentious business the Law Society has stated that
the language used throughout these public self-descriptions [thought/showed] general visions of altruism and service : ‘ public protection ’ , ‘ willing to serve the public ’ , ‘ public confidence ’ , ‘ trust ’ , ‘ special skill ’ , ‘ the supply of professional services is very much more than a business transaction ’ . at the level of contentious and non-contentious business the law society has stated that

In part this reflected religious scruples since mechanical explanations for our behaviour were incompatible with religious teaching .
in part this [thought/showed] religious scruples since mechanical explanations for our behaviour were incompatible with religious teaching .

It also reflected philosophical scruples since it was n't obvious how a mechanical device could be conscious and , as Descartes is famous for pointing out , the only thing of which we can be certain is that we are conscious .
it also [thought/showed] philosophical scruples since it was n't obvious how a mechanical device could be conscious and , as descartes is famous for pointing out , the only thing of which we can be certain is that we are conscious .

If the wavelength composition of the light falling on a scene changes then the wavelengths reflected by , say , a red area will change accordingly but so will the wavelengths reflected by an adjacent green area .
if the wavelength composition of the light falling on a scene changes then the wavelengths [thought/showed] by , say , a red area will change accordingly but so will the wavelengths [thought/showed] by an adjacent green area .

As a consequence , although the amount of , say , blue light reflected by the red area may have gone up , so will the amount of blue light reflected by the green area As a consequence , the ratio of blue light in the two areas will remain the same , as will the ratio of green light in the two areas and the ratio of red light .
as a consequence , although the amount of , say , blue light [thought/showed] by the red area may have gone up , so will the amount of blue light [thought/showed] by the green area as a consequence , the ratio of blue light in the two areas will remain the same , as will the ratio of green light in the two areas and the ratio of red light .

In such countries , city-dwellers were not very important in setting the style and tone of life which reflected instead the old-fashioned , patriarchal assumptions of a long-established way of doing things .
in such countries , city-dwellers were not very important in setting the style and tone of life which [thought/showed] instead the old-fashioned , patriarchal assumptions of a long-established way of doing things .

Its re-emergence in the late 1960s reflected ( 1 ) need for more continuous and effective Party-military consultation , ( 2 ) demands of the Armed Forces on the civilian economy and the need for greater coordination , ( 3 ) need to ensure that strategy and , ultimately , policy governs the application of increasingly complex technology : improve the ‘ fit ’ between procurement , deployment , force structures and policy .
its re-emergence in the late 1960s [thought/showed] ( 1 ) need for more continuous and effective party-military consultation , ( 2 ) demands of the armed forces on the civilian economy and the need for greater coordination , ( 3 ) need to ensure that strategy and , ultimately , policy governs the application of increasingly complex technology : improve the ‘ fit ’ between procurement , deployment , force structures and policy .

It is reflected in two themes that he stressed then , in work reported in the influential set of three papers appearing in the Journal of Speculative Philosophy in the late 1860s .
it is [thought/showed] in two themes that he stressed then , in work reported in the influential set of three papers appearing in the journal of speculative philosophy in the late 1860s .

One reason why the shift in emphasis to the broader question of determinism is less helpful than it at first appears is that ‘ the problem of determinism ’ itself lacks a clear formulation , and the difficulty of saying exactly what it consists in is reflected in attempts to relate it to holism .
one reason why the shift in emphasis to the broader question of determinism is less helpful than it at first appears is that ‘ the problem of determinism ’ itself lacks a clear formulation , and the difficulty of saying exactly what it consists in is [thought/showed] in attempts to relate it to holism .

They therefore can not be fully understood if they are taken at face value , and an investigator must find out what social situations sustain and are reflected in them .
they therefore can not be fully understood if they are taken at face value , and an investigator must find out what social situations sustain and are [thought/showed] in them .

To return to the case of the labour aristocracy , even when its position is out of line with its structural determination , ‘ this structural determination … is necessarily reflected in working-class practices ( ‘ class instinct ’ as Lenin used to say ) — practices that can always be discerned beneath its bourgeois ‘ discourse ’ , etc ’ .
to return to the case of the labour aristocracy , even when its position is out of line with its structural determination , ‘ this structural determination … is necessarily [thought/showed] in working-class practices ( ‘ class instinct ’ as lenin used to say ) — practices that can always be discerned beneath its bourgeois ‘ discourse ’ , etc ’ .

Furthermore , we can imagine a hypothetical case ‘ where the economic existence of the small-holding peasants is not reflected by Bonapartism . ’
furthermore , we can imagine a hypothetical case ‘ where the economic existence of the small-holding peasants is not [thought/showed] by bonapartism . ’

We are told that ‘ the economic existence of the small-holding peasants is reflected , on the political level , by the ‘ pertinent effects ’ constituted by the particular form of state of Bonapartism ’ .
we are told that ‘ the economic existence of the small-holding peasants is [thought/showed] , on the political level , by the ‘ pertinent effects ’ constituted by the particular form of state of bonapartism ’ .

In the case of processes , the division between those that make up the longue durée and those that belong to the sphere of conjonctures is bound to be rough ; there is no absolute division between a gradual increase in population lasting for a century and a cycle of growth and decline lasting a mere seventy-five years , a fact reflected in the organisation of La Méditerranée .
in the case of processes , the division between those that make up the longue durée and those that belong to the sphere of conjonctures is bound to be rough ; there is no absolute division between a gradual increase in population lasting for a century and a cycle of growth and decline lasting a mere seventy-five years , a fact [thought/showed] in the organisation of la méditerranée .

Darwin himself often reflected in his notebooks on his new programme 's presuppositions concerning God , nature , man and science .
darwin himself often [thought/showed] in his notebooks on his new programme 's presuppositions concerning god , nature , man and science .

The dark glassy surfaces reflected and re-reflected these flickering lights so that walls seemed to be the void — solidified — with stars and smeared veils of nebulae glinting within .
the dark glassy surfaces [thought/showed] and re-reflected these flickering lights so that walls seemed to be the void — solidified — with stars and smeared veils of nebulae glinting within .

It is not just that beetles and mice are pests ( we might have said the same of ladybirds and the pursuit of wildfowl ) , but rather that the relative similarity of the larger mammals to ourselves materially affects our thinking and is reflected in our instinctive responses .
it is not just that beetles and mice are pests ( we might have said the same of ladybirds and the pursuit of wildfowl ) , but rather that the relative similarity of the larger mammals to ourselves materially affects our thinking and is [thought/showed] in our instinctive responses .

The rest of the sale items were a mixture of paintings , clothing , models and medals reflected the state of the market at the moment with a pair each of metal desk-top models of Mosquito and Hampden going for £130 and £70 respectively .
the rest of the sale items were a mixture of paintings , clothing , models and medals [thought/showed] the state of the market at the moment with a pair each of metal desk-top models of mosquito and hampden going for £130 and £70 respectively .

This reflected the increased low level nature of Canberra ops and the higher proportion of Interdictor marks entering service .
this [thought/showed] the increased low level nature of canberra ops and the higher proportion of interdictor marks entering service .

His mother felt helpless about the problem and that it reflected on her capability as a mother .
his mother felt helpless about the problem and that it [thought/showed] on her capability as a mother .

The problems with eating are often reflected in a general relationship difficulty .
the problems with eating are often [thought/showed] in a general relationship difficulty .

One simple way to do this is to line the window reveals with mirror glass so that more light is reflected into the room .
one simple way to do this is to line the window reveals with mirror glass so that more light is [thought/showed] into the room .

‘ Falling in love ’ , therefore , reflected social realities .
‘ falling in love ’ , therefore , [thought/showed] social realities .

This unequal relationship was reflected in the autocratic , all-powerful state headed usually by one person .
this unequal relationship was [thought/showed] in the autocratic , all-powerful state headed usually by one person .

It is this second view which is reflected in this chapter and the next , and in Chapter 11 on intervention strategies .
it is this second view which is [thought/showed] in this chapter and the next , and in chapter 11 on intervention strategies .

However , ‘ Motherese ’ is composed of many different characteristics and it seems reasonable to suppose that there is considerable variation among adults in respect of how far these features are reflected in their speech to young children .
however , ‘ motherese ’ is composed of many different characteristics and it seems reasonable to suppose that there is considerable variation among adults in respect of how far these features are [thought/showed] in their speech to young children .

Examples included direct imitation , expansion of the child 's utterance into a phrase or sentence which captures the child 's intended meaning , extensions which include a novel contribution , and recastings in which the child 's meaning is reflected back in a different syntactical form ( see Chapter 10 ) .
examples included direct imitation , expansion of the child 's utterance into a phrase or sentence which captures the child 's intended meaning , extensions which include a novel contribution , and recastings in which the child 's meaning is [thought/showed] back in a different syntactical form ( see chapter 10 ) .

Under such circumstances characteristics of adult language input would be reflected in differential rates of progress only to the extent that they coincided with the child 's existing ‘ style ’ of learning language ( Gleitman et al .
under such circumstances characteristics of adult language input would be [thought/showed] in differential rates of progress only to the extent that they coincided with the child 's existing ‘ style ’ of learning language ( gleitman et al .

Thus , what people seem to know about grammar is not always reflected in the language they use .
thus , what people seem to know about grammar is not always [thought/showed] in the language they use .

It is also reflected in both the nativistic and the interactionist accounts of language development ( see Chapter 5 ) .
it is also [thought/showed] in both the nativistic and the interactionist accounts of language development ( see chapter 5 ) .

When Trevor Francis became England 's first million-pound player in 1978 , Adidas basked in a considerable reflected glory .
when trevor francis became england 's first million-pound player in 1978 , adidas basked in a considerable [thought/showed] glory .

This scientism took as axiomatic that systematic and reasoned study , its methods reflected upon and sanctified by epistemology , could generate ‘ truth ’ .
this scientism took as axiomatic that systematic and reasoned study , its methods [thought/showed] upon and sanctified by epistemology , could generate ‘ truth ’ .

Alternatively , these topics might be reflected in a set of link types , such as ‘ principles ’ and ‘ systems ’ .
alternatively , these topics might be [thought/showed] in a set of link types , such as ‘ principles ’ and ‘ systems ’ .

‘ Great , if you 're into Carlos Santana , ’ reflected Patrick Forge following the Fridge performance , the band 's fourth public outing .
‘ great , if you 're into carlos santana , ’ [thought/showed] patrick forge following the fridge performance , the band 's fourth public outing .

But surely it is possible that the women 's assessments might just as well have reflected their awareness of sex stereotypes and their consequent desire to fulfil ‘ normal ’ expectations that women talk ‘ better ’ .
but surely it is possible that the women 's assessments might just as well have [thought/showed] their awareness of sex stereotypes and their consequent desire to fulfil ‘ normal ’ expectations that women talk ‘ better ’ .

To create the second scene the sun and row of daisies are knitted as if reflected in water .
to create the second scene the sun and row of daisies are knitted as if [thought/showed] in water .

The ambivalence about providing services for elderly people was reflected in the report of the Audit Commission ( 1985 ) which analysed dependency and service provision without specifically mentioning the field workers who will do much of that work .
the ambivalence about providing services for elderly people was [thought/showed] in the report of the audit commission ( 1985 ) which analysed dependency and service provision without specifically mentioning the field workers who will do much of that work .

It is therefore not surprising that this should also be reflected in a rise in demand for health care .
it is therefore not surprising that this should also be [thought/showed] in a rise in demand for health care .

New houses take time to complete and , hence , increases in demand for houses are reflected in an increase in the price of both existing and new houses .
new houses take time to complete and , hence , increases in demand for houses are [thought/showed] in an increase in the price of both existing and new houses .

It can be seen that , whilst all regions reflected the higher national unemployment rate , some regions fared better than others .
it can be seen that , whilst all regions [thought/showed] the higher national unemployment rate , some regions fared better than others .

This confidence is also reflected in a report , Retail Round-up , by top brokers Societe Generale who reckon that clothing is poised for a rally .
this confidence is also [thought/showed] in a report , retail round-up , by top brokers societe generale who reckon that clothing is poised for a rally .

City foodstores expert Bill Myers reckons the share price dive reflected a mixture of profit-taking and misunderstandings about underlying growth prospects .
city foodstores expert bill myers reckons the share price dive [thought/showed] a mixture of profit-taking and misunderstandings about underlying growth prospects .

Perhaps , she reflected ruefully , she was just easily irritated .
perhaps , she [thought/showed] ruefully , she was just easily irritated .

Reflected in the half opened eyes of the man who lay dying on the thick rug of his apartment .
[thought/showed] in the half opened eyes of the man who lay dying on the thick rug of his apartment .

This was the sort of shop he liked , with its range of hand made jewellery in the oriental tradition , prints and puppets , and odd items of no functional use whatsoever , but attractive in that they reflected a long vanished Eastern culture .
this was the sort of shop he liked , with its range of hand made jewellery in the oriental tradition , prints and puppets , and odd items of no functional use whatsoever , but attractive in that they [thought/showed] a long vanished eastern culture .

But most of them can take solace in that their performances are n't being reflected in the results of late .
but most of them can take solace in that their performances are n't being [thought/showed] in the results of late .

Botha , who wins his 28th and possibly last cap for South Africa , said : ‘ We have received a wonderful welcome in England which has relaxed my players and this is something you can see reflected in our three wins here so far .
botha , who wins his 28th and possibly last cap for south africa , said : ‘ we have received a wonderful welcome in england which has relaxed my players and this is something you can see [thought/showed] in our three wins here so far .

Seven bookings — four for Millwall and three for the Hammers — reflected the importance both clubs attach to the fixture .
seven bookings — four for millwall and three for the hammers — [thought/showed] the importance both clubs attach to the fixture .

Graham reflected : ‘ We did n't have the same desire as Leeds .
graham [thought/showed] : ‘ we did n't have the same desire as leeds .

But investors must pay a price for this increased safety — not all of any gains are reflected in the trusts ' performances .
but investors must pay a price for this increased safety — not all of any gains are [thought/showed] in the trusts ' performances .

Rogers ( 1951b ) himself reflected on his own advancing years and , applying the actualizing tendency to the problems of ageing in a chapter which asked the question ‘ Growing old : or older and growing ?
rogers ( 1951b ) himself [thought/showed] on his own advancing years and , applying the actualizing tendency to the problems of ageing in a chapter which asked the question ‘ growing old : or older and growing ?

This disparity in social attitudes is certainly reflected in the ambivalent feelings held by retired people .
this disparity in social attitudes is certainly [thought/showed] in the ambivalent feelings held by retired people .

They see their lives as becoming progressively more empty and meaningless , and this essentially pessimistic outlook on their lives is reflected in all that they do , or perhaps more accurately , in all that they fail to do .
they see their lives as becoming progressively more empty and meaningless , and this essentially pessimistic outlook on their lives is [thought/showed] in all that they do , or perhaps more accurately , in all that they fail to do .

As she sipped the scotch , she reflected that if he were still alive he would no doubt be bringing the full force of his liberal rationalism to bear on the problem right now .
as she sipped the scotch , she [thought/showed] that if he were still alive he would no doubt be bringing the full force of his liberal rationalism to bear on the problem right now .

The net result was that much of the energy from the Sun was reflected back out into space , so that the surface of the Earth became much cooler than it had been before .
the net result was that much of the energy from the sun was [thought/showed] back out into space , so that the surface of the earth became much cooler than it had been before .

The views and experiences reflected here are those of a customer in self-development rather than a professional practitioner .
the views and experiences [thought/showed] here are those of a customer in self-development rather than a professional practitioner .

And they both considered that dreams reflected the workings of the unconscious mind , Freud emphasising how dreams express repressed instincts , Jung investigating symbolism within them .
and they both considered that dreams [thought/showed] the workings of the unconscious mind , freud emphasising how dreams express repressed instincts , jung investigating symbolism within them .

Top lawyer Hillary 's part in her husband 's success was reflected on bumper stickers appearing in Washington carrying the message : ‘ Hillary will be secretary of whatever she damn well wants . ’
top lawyer hillary 's part in her husband 's success was [thought/showed] on bumper stickers appearing in washington carrying the message : ‘ hillary will be secretary of whatever she damn well wants . ’

The arrival of the wise men and the offering of their gifts are also reflected in the Old Testament : ‘ … the nations shall march towards your light and their kings to your sunrise … all coming from Sheba laden with gold and frankincense , heralds of God 's praise ’ ( Isaiah 60:3 , 6 ; see also Psalms 72:10 ) .
the arrival of the wise men and the offering of their gifts are also [thought/showed] in the old testament : ‘ … the nations shall march towards your light and their kings to your sunrise … all coming from sheba laden with gold and frankincense , heralds of god 's praise ’ ( isaiah 60:3 , 6 ; see also psalms 72:10 ) .

Angell 's analysis reflected a Eurocentric racism widespread in pacifist thinking .
angell 's analysis [thought/showed] a eurocentric racism widespread in pacifist thinking .

The failure of the Leeds Convention 's call for the establishment of Workers ' and Soldiers ' Councils reflected the inappropriate nature of the proposed organizational structures , not the absence of popular support for peace agitation as such .
the failure of the leeds convention 's call for the establishment of workers ' and soldiers ' councils [thought/showed] the inappropriate nature of the proposed organizational structures , not the absence of popular support for peace agitation as such .

The determination with which , against the odds , British Governments attempted to restore economic liberalism in the 1920s partly reflected the influence wielded by the City of London .
the determination with which , against the odds , british governments attempted to restore economic liberalism in the 1920s partly [thought/showed] the influence wielded by the city of london .

Its defence and foreign policies reflected the views and perceived interests of Whitehall , the Conservative leadership and those rich and powerful individuals who were in day-to-day contact with the process of government .
its defence and foreign policies [thought/showed] the views and perceived interests of whitehall , the conservative leadership and those rich and powerful individuals who were in day-to-day contact with the process of government .

This belief in the efficacy of economic sanctions reflected the continuing hold of ‘ imperialist pacifism ’ in the popular imagination .
this belief in the efficacy of economic sanctions [thought/showed] the continuing hold of ‘ imperialist pacifism ’ in the popular imagination .

Brushing aside military and logistical arguments , the Communists claimed that this reflected the continuing influence of the ‘ Men of Munich ’ within the Government , men who wanted Britain to stand on the sidelines while Russia and Germany fought one another to a standstill .
brushing aside military and logistical arguments , the communists claimed that this [thought/showed] the continuing influence of the ‘ men of munich ’ within the government , men who wanted britain to stand on the sidelines while russia and germany fought one another to a standstill .

Until about 1934 the Establishment explanation of these phenomena was remarkably unconvincing and seems to have reflected mainly a desire not to be asked embarrassing questions .
until about 1934 the establishment explanation of these phenomena was remarkably unconvincing and seems to have [thought/showed] mainly a desire not to be asked embarrassing questions .

They reach the further boundaries of the solid in a time which is probably between a ten-thousandth and a hundred-thousandth of a second and are reflected back , as a kind of echo , very little attenuated or diminished in intensity .
they reach the further boundaries of the solid in a time which is probably between a ten-thousandth and a hundred-thousandth of a second and are [thought/showed] back , as a kind of echo , very little attenuated or diminished in intensity .

What may happen is that the returning reflected stress waves repeatedly meet the outgoing ones at some critical or unlucky point and thus the stress may pile up at this point until fracture occurs .
what may happen is that the returning [thought/showed] stress waves repeatedly meet the outgoing ones at some critical or unlucky point and thus the stress may pile up at this point until fracture occurs .

What happens is that the four corners drop off because the stress waves are reflected and crowded into the corners .
what happens is that the four corners drop off because the stress waves are [thought/showed] and crowded into the corners .

By this time stress waves are probably racing about in the material in all directions at the speed of sound ( that is faster than the crack ) , being reflected off both old and new surfaces , and we are likely to end up with not one crack but with a great many .
by this time stress waves are probably racing about in the material in all directions at the speed of sound ( that is faster than the crack ) , being [thought/showed] off both old and new surfaces , and we are likely to end up with not one crack but with a great many .

Strains in glass — as in most other transparent solids — become visible in polarized light and sunlight is partially polarized especially when it is reflected from non-metallic surfaces such as a road or the paintwork of a car .
strains in glass — as in most other transparent solids — become visible in polarized light and sunlight is partially polarized especially when it is [thought/showed] from non-metallic surfaces such as a road or the paintwork of a car .

Examining this structure with the eye of an engineer it is at once evident that very little of the stiffness of the carbon — carbon chain will be reflected in the macroscopic modulus of the plastic since the bonds which control the extension are not the covalent primary bonds but the secondary or van der Waal forces which attach the convolutions of the chain to each other .
examining this structure with the eye of an engineer it is at once evident that very little of the stiffness of the carbon — carbon chain will be [thought/showed] in the macroscopic modulus of the plastic since the bonds which control the extension are not the covalent primary bonds but the secondary or van der waal forces which attach the convolutions of the chain to each other .

Our driver gave a cry and swung off in pursuit , the jeep bouncing over rough ground until the headlights reflected a pair of amber eyes , then another and another .
our driver gave a cry and swung off in pursuit , the jeep bouncing over rough ground until the headlights [thought/showed] a pair of amber eyes , then another and another .

Their outlook is reflected in the team .
their outlook is [thought/showed] in the team .

Meanwhile , Palace 's Geoff Thomas , who may be recalled tomorrow , last night reflected on a nightmare year in which he lost his England place and the chance of a move to big-spenders Blackburn .
meanwhile , palace 's geoff thomas , who may be recalled tomorrow , last night [thought/showed] on a nightmare year in which he lost his england place and the chance of a move to big-spenders blackburn .

This is not reflected on the Isle of Wight , says Mr Warren .
this is not [thought/showed] on the isle of wight , says mr warren .

He describes the reasons for takeover activity being so fevered in the 1980s and shows how accounts reflected them .
he describes the reasons for takeover activity being so fevered in the 1980s and shows how accounts [thought/showed] them .

Best practice is always a moving target , and in the six years since the directive was issued there have been a number of developments in domestic and international financial reporting that needed to be reflected by credit institutions .
best practice is always a moving target , and in the six years since the directive was issued there have been a number of developments in domestic and international financial reporting that needed to be [thought/showed] by credit institutions .

This cautious optimism was reflected in the share price of 215p at 12 August , comparing well with the year end 899p ( before the intervening 3:1 scrip issue ) .
this cautious optimism was [thought/showed] in the share price of 215p at 12 august , comparing well with the year end 899p ( before the intervening 3:1 scrip issue ) .

The increasing role of the invoice discounters was reflected in the decision by the Association of British Factors to add ‘ Discounters ’ to its title two years ago .
the increasing role of the invoice discounters was [thought/showed] in the decision by the association of british factors to add ‘ discounters ’ to its title two years ago .

This duality or conflict of opposites is reflected in every facet of life .
this duality or conflict of opposites is [thought/showed] in every facet of life .

‘ Is not the heat of a warm room conveyed through the vacuum by the vibrations of a much more subtle medium than air which after the air was drawn out remained in the vacuum ? And is not this medium the same with that medium by which light is refracted and reflected — and by whose vibrations light communicates heat to bodies ? And is not this medium exceedingly more rare and subtle than the air and exceedingly more elastic and active ? And does it not readily pervade all bodies ? And is it not ( by its elastic force ) expanded through all the heavens ? ’
‘ is not the heat of a warm room conveyed through the vacuum by the vibrations of a much more subtle medium than air which after the air was drawn out remained in the vacuum ? and is not this medium the same with that medium by which light is refracted and [thought/showed] — and by whose vibrations light communicates heat to bodies ? and is not this medium exceedingly more rare and subtle than the air and exceedingly more elastic and active ? and does it not readily pervade all bodies ? and is it not ( by its elastic force ) expanded through all the heavens ? ’

‘ Mind is the instrument through which consciousness fashions specific , clearly defined mental representations of the world of sensations which are channelled through our senses and reflected in the intellect . ’
‘ mind is the instrument through which consciousness fashions specific , clearly defined mental representations of the world of sensations which are channelled through our senses and [thought/showed] in the intellect . ’

Manas , or Mind , selects and isolates specific sensations from the multitude reflected in the intellect , comparing them with similar sensations from past experiences lurking in the memory .
manas , or mind , selects and isolates specific sensations from the multitude [thought/showed] in the intellect , comparing them with similar sensations from past experiences lurking in the memory .

Often , the end result is a total collapse of cohesion which can be reflected not only at individual cellular level but in human social structure itself .
often , the end result is a total collapse of cohesion which can be [thought/showed] not only at individual cellular level but in human social structure itself .

The official descriptions presumably reflected the most recent activity of the person concerned ; when interpreting data drawn from the Hue and Cry the flexibility of occupational boundaries should be kept in mind .
the official descriptions presumably [thought/showed] the most recent activity of the person concerned ; when interpreting data drawn from the hue and cry the flexibility of occupational boundaries should be kept in mind .

There was no consensus about whether or not this high rate reflected a higher amount of crime , or if the difference could be attributed to false cases in Sri Lanka or the failure to report crime in India .
there was no consensus about whether or not this high rate [thought/showed] a higher amount of crime , or if the difference could be attributed to false cases in sri lanka or the failure to report crime in india .

None of these offences reflected any general clash between East and West .
none of these offences [thought/showed] any general clash between east and west .

Such failures are not only reflected on the score board — Scotland could well have turned round at 16–10 — but also in the morale of the side .
such failures are not only [thought/showed] on the score board — scotland could well have turned round at 16–10 — but also in the morale of the side .

Where all these steps have been taken by the balance sheet date , the cost of the redundancy programme will be reflected in the accounts for the year .
where all these steps have been taken by the balance sheet date , the cost of the redundancy programme will be [thought/showed] in the accounts for the year .

The note to the accounts on assets held for sale explains that the marked and continuing downturn in the property market since 1990 , as reflected in the latest valuation reports , has made it increasingly difficult to forecast the dates on which Burton will have completed the letting and sale of its development properties .
the note to the accounts on assets held for sale explains that the marked and continuing downturn in the property market since 1990 , as [thought/showed] in the latest valuation reports , has made it increasingly difficult to forecast the dates on which burton will have completed the letting and sale of its development properties .

‘ It is considered that this is not a permanent diminution in value and consequently no revaluation has been reflected in the accounts .
‘ it is considered that this is not a permanent diminution in value and consequently no revaluation has been [thought/showed] in the accounts .

Where shares are issued by way of or in substitution for dividends , and the value of the shares issued is calculated by reference to the value of the dividend payable on any class of shares , the value calculated for this purpose should be reflected in the profit and loss account as an appropriation of profit .
where shares are issued by way of or in substitution for dividends , and the value of the shares issued is calculated by reference to the value of the dividend payable on any class of shares , the value calculated for this purpose should be [thought/showed] in the profit and loss account as an appropriation of profit .

Although if the security declines in value the borrower may possibly be able to elect to hand it over to the lender and thus avoid any further liability in respect of the debt , such an eventuality would be unusual , and therefore should not be reflected in the accounting until such time as the asset is transferred .
although if the security declines in value the borrower may possibly be able to elect to hand it over to the lender and thus avoid any further liability in respect of the debt , such an eventuality would be unusual , and therefore should not be [thought/showed] in the accounting until such time as the asset is transferred .

Shares have a distinct legal status reflected ( inter alia ) in the limitations imposed by companies legislation on the circumstances in which payments may be made in respect of them .
shares have a distinct legal status [thought/showed] ( inter alia ) in the limitations imposed by companies legislation on the circumstances in which payments may be made in respect of them .

Torchlights , flaring against the night sky and reflected in the water , had been set up wherever it was suitable .
torchlights , flaring against the night sky and [thought/showed] in the water , had been set up wherever it was suitable .

‘ We were criticised in '91 for our lack of marketing expertise … that was both a disappointment and a learning experience ’ , reflected Rowlands in Catania .
‘ we were criticised in '91 for our lack of marketing expertise … that was both a disappointment and a learning experience ’ , [thought/showed] rowlands in catania .

His skies boiled and burned , or they reflected the eternal in the eyes of a baby .
his skies boiled and burned , or they [thought/showed] the eternal in the eyes of a baby .

Over the last 30 or 40 years , the actual quality of marriage has grown in importance and this may well be reflected in the higher divorce rates .
over the last 30 or 40 years , the actual quality of marriage has grown in importance and this may well be [thought/showed] in the higher divorce rates .

The alternative infra-red system uses a beam which is emitted from the camcorder and reflected back off the subject , the time taken for the reflection to return being measured and converted to a distance setting .
the alternative infra-red system uses a beam which is emitted from the camcorder and [thought/showed] back off the subject , the time taken for the reflection to return being measured and converted to a distance setting .

For close-ups of people 's faces , hazy , rather than full , sun gives sufficient modelling but without casting unflattering heavy shadows ; it also reduces problems with glare reflected off light-coloured clothing and other surfaces .
for close-ups of people 's faces , hazy , rather than full , sun gives sufficient modelling but without casting unflattering heavy shadows ; it also reduces problems with glare [thought/showed] off light-coloured clothing and other surfaces .

One way is to change the angle of the shot so that the light comes cross-wise and hence will not be reflected straight back to the camera .
one way is to change the angle of the shot so that the light comes cross-wise and hence will not be [thought/showed] straight back to the camera .

Children 's bedrooms are usually small areas with light-coloured walls , so there should be enough reflected light to lighten up the main scene of action , but if you do bring in any additional low-level lighting , take care to position it where it will not get in the way of the camera or shine into the lens .
children 's bedrooms are usually small areas with light-coloured walls , so there should be enough [thought/showed] light to lighten up the main scene of action , but if you do bring in any additional low-level lighting , take care to position it where it will not get in the way of the camera or shine into the lens .

If the walls and ceiling of the room are white or near-white in colour , the lamps can be turned upwards over the heads of the performers who are then illuminated indirectly by the reflected light .
if the walls and ceiling of the room are white or near-white in colour , the lamps can be turned upwards over the heads of the performers who are then illuminated indirectly by the [thought/showed] light .

Although Midland Software has always had an absence monitoring module , Mr Shepherd identifies two reasons for the new approach reflected in Delphi Absence .
although midland software has always had an absence monitoring module , mr shepherd identifies two reasons for the new approach [thought/showed] in delphi absence .

Apart from anything else , the demerger plan evidently reflected the desire of Sir Denys — who would chair both companies to make his mark on history .
apart from anything else , the demerger plan evidently [thought/showed] the desire of sir denys — who would chair both companies to make his mark on history .

‘ Prospects for the immediate future ca n't be good , ’ reflected Andy Thompson , secretary of the Finance & Leasing Association .
‘ prospects for the immediate future ca n't be good , ’ [thought/showed] andy thompson , secretary of the finance & leasing association .

Equity funding tends to be expensive because shareholders bear a relatively high risk that is reflected in the return they expect on their investment .
equity funding tends to be expensive because shareholders bear a relatively high risk that is [thought/showed] in the return they expect on their investment .

If the lower cost of funding is reflected in lease payments , leasing can be more attractive for small companies .
if the lower cost of funding is [thought/showed] in lease payments , leasing can be more attractive for small companies .

Conversely , objectivity is likely to be impaired if an audit committee includes those whose performance is reflected in the accounts .
conversely , objectivity is likely to be impaired if an audit committee includes those whose performance is [thought/showed] in the accounts .

The power-struggles which went on across much of the period were reflected right through society , and the surviving court rolls for Sussex often illuminate activities of considerable violence .
the power-struggles which went on across much of the period were [thought/showed] right through society , and the surviving court rolls for sussex often illuminate activities of considerable violence .

The century 's economic expansion reflected perhaps more than anything else the rapid growth and partial diffusion of wealth through the upper reaches of the Tudor and Stuart social pyramid .
the century 's economic expansion [thought/showed] perhaps more than anything else the rapid growth and partial diffusion of wealth through the upper reaches of the tudor and stuart social pyramid .

Yet that was not reflected in the sentence he got .
yet that was not [thought/showed] in the sentence he got .

The Titford family , as so often , was a mirror of the times ; every major period of dearth in the 18th century is reflected in at least one family burial , and sometimes more .
the titford family , as so often , was a mirror of the times ; every major period of dearth in the 18th century is [thought/showed] in at least one family burial , and sometimes more .

Last night , dealers reflected the trauma by slashing the shares to 1 3/4p from 2p , valuing the group at a rock bottom £2.3m .
last night , dealers [thought/showed] the trauma by slashing the shares to 1 3/4p from 2p , valuing the group at a rock bottom £2.3m .

This is reflected in half-time profits pegged back to £37.1m , a rise of only £3.7m over the last six months .
this is [thought/showed] in half-time profits pegged back to £37.1m , a rise of only £3.7m over the last six months .

Airtours 's progress reflected this by notching up its sixth successive year of profits .
airtours 's progress [thought/showed] this by notching up its sixth successive year of profits .

Cook 's determination to grab a slice of the tour operator business is also reflected in the price it has paid for its stake .
cook 's determination to grab a slice of the tour operator business is also [thought/showed] in the price it has paid for its stake .

Depreciation and amortisation is only one of many factors reflected in the annual valuation , and the amount which might otherwise have been charged can not be separately identified or quantified .
depreciation and amortisation is only one of many factors [thought/showed] in the annual valuation , and the amount which might otherwise have been charged can not be separately identified or quantified .

There are also bound to be variations with age , which in terms of family relationships is reflected in a person 's position in the structure of generations ( for a discussion of age and generation , see Finch , 1986a ) .
there are also bound to be variations with age , which in terms of family relationships is [thought/showed] in a person 's position in the structure of generations ( for a discussion of age and generation , see finch , 1986a ) .

Small scale studies indicate that households of this type are quite common , for example , for people of Pakistani origin living in Britain ( Anwar , 1985 ) and this is reflected in official statistics by evidence about the overall size of households : in 1985 , whilst less than one in ten white households contained more than four people , where people classified themselves as Pakistani , or Bangladeshi , just over 50 per cent of households were of that size ( Social Trends 1987 , p. 45 , table 2 .
small scale studies indicate that households of this type are quite common , for example , for people of pakistani origin living in britain ( anwar , 1985 ) and this is [thought/showed] in official statistics by evidence about the overall size of households : in 1985 , whilst less than one in ten white households contained more than four people , where people classified themselves as pakistani , or bangladeshi , just over 50 per cent of households were of that size ( social trends 1987 , p. 45 , table 2 .

Are these patterns reflected in the British context ?
are these patterns [thought/showed] in the british context ?

In the structure of kinship which is reflected in British research studies — that of the white majority — considerable variation is found in the range of people who ‘ count ’ as part of the kin group for different purposes .
in the structure of kinship which is [thought/showed] in british research studies — that of the white majority — considerable variation is found in the range of people who ‘ count ’ as part of the kin group for different purposes .

That variability is reflected in more recent empirical evidence , especially the study by Firth and his colleagues , which is unusual in giving specific and detailed attention to these relationships .
that variability is [thought/showed] in more recent empirical evidence , especially the study by firth and his colleagues , which is unusual in giving specific and detailed attention to these relationships .

On smaller scales , , the shape of the fluctuation spectra is determined by the physics of the matter and radiation components of the Universe , introducing characteristic length scales into the power-law spectrum , which should be reflected in the distribution of galaxies today .
on smaller scales , , the shape of the fluctuation spectra is determined by the physics of the matter and radiation components of the universe , introducing characteristic length scales into the power-law spectrum , which should be [thought/showed] in the distribution of galaxies today .

1 ) is reflected in the unusually high Zr content of the bulk rock ( 340p.p.m . )
1 ) is [thought/showed] in the unusually high zr content of the bulk rock ( 340p.p.m . )

The remarkable strength of this pulsar is reflected in the mean flux density at the three observing frequencies given in Table 1 , indicating a spectral index between 430 and 2,360 MHz of -1.5 , typical of most pulsars , but less steep than those of other millisecond pulsars .
the remarkable strength of this pulsar is [thought/showed] in the mean flux density at the three observing frequencies given in table 1 , indicating a spectral index between 430 and 2,360 mhz of -1.5 , typical of most pulsars , but less steep than those of other millisecond pulsars .

The good news is already reflected in banks ' share prices .
the good news is already [thought/showed] in banks ' share prices .

This had set the tone later reflected in the harsh rules of the Indian Penal Code 1860 ( prescribing long sentences of ‘ rigorous imprisonment ’ ) , in the Prisons Act 1894 , in gaol manuals allowing cruel punishments for the smallest breach of discipline , and in a lasting policy of spending as little as possible on the gaols .
this had set the tone later [thought/showed] in the harsh rules of the indian penal code 1860 ( prescribing long sentences of ‘ rigorous imprisonment ’ ) , in the prisons act 1894 , in gaol manuals allowing cruel punishments for the smallest breach of discipline , and in a lasting policy of spending as little as possible on the gaols .

The State of the Prisons went through four editions as Howard 's travels and experience grew and a second book , An Account of the Principal Lazarettos in Europe , reflected his later interest in military hospitals , lazarettos for the sick , and ways of combating the plague . He was very much involved in the process of publication as this account makes clear :
the state of the prisons went through four editions as howard 's travels and experience grew and a second book , an account of the principal lazarettos in europe , [thought/showed] his later interest in military hospitals , lazarettos for the sick , and ways of combating the plague . he was very much involved in the process of publication as this account makes clear :

Curial officials ensured conservative cardinals led discussions in the central commission , and that reports of commissions in the L'Osservatore Romano reflected conservative views .
curial officials ensured conservative cardinals led discussions in the central commission , and that reports of commissions in the l'osservatore romano [thought/showed] conservative views .

The schema therefore reflected only one particular outlook , he argued , and should be rejected .
the schema therefore [thought/showed] only one particular outlook , he argued , and should be rejected .

Its chapter ( 4 ) on the Old Testament reflected the ‘ biblical theology ’ of the 1950s and the patristic viewpoint as enshrined in the liturgy .
its chapter ( 4 ) on the old testament [thought/showed] the ‘ biblical theology ’ of the 1950s and the patristic viewpoint as enshrined in the liturgy .

To some extent this reflected the accepted division between ‘ science ’ and ‘ policy-making ’ as intellectual activities ; policy-making involved value judgements , and these were simply not appropriate to the ‘ objective ’ scientist .
to some extent this [thought/showed] the accepted division between ‘ science ’ and ‘ policy-making ’ as intellectual activities ; policy-making involved value judgements , and these were simply not appropriate to the ‘ objective ’ scientist .

Classical criminology reflected contemporary ideas about the social contract , rationality and utility ; positivist criminology celebrated what seemed to be the successful application of science and technology to human beings .
classical criminology [thought/showed] contemporary ideas about the social contract , rationality and utility ; positivist criminology celebrated what seemed to be the successful application of science and technology to human beings .

‘ Crimes ’ varied from place to place and from time-period to time-period ; they reflected the interests , moral concerns and ideological positions of those who were in the power positions that defined and enforced them .
‘ crimes ’ varied from place to place and from time-period to time-period ; they [thought/showed] the interests , moral concerns and ideological positions of those who were in the power positions that defined and enforced them .

In Cicourel 's ( 1968 ) analysis it seemed that the data presented a different kind of reality altogether : they only reflected the meanings , moral categories and stereotypes of those who collect and interpret the data ; they told us nothing about criminals themselves ( though in the Preface to the second edition Cicourel ( 1976 ) seemed to retreat from this more radical position ) .
in cicourel 's ( 1968 ) analysis it seemed that the data presented a different kind of reality altogether : they only [thought/showed] the meanings , moral categories and stereotypes of those who collect and interpret the data ; they told us nothing about criminals themselves ( though in the preface to the second edition cicourel ( 1976 ) seemed to retreat from this more radical position ) .

He was back in his hotel room , the only light the flicker of the television , reflected in the gloss of a half-open door .
he was back in his hotel room , the only light the flicker of the television , [thought/showed] in the gloss of a half-open door .

Only a flicker from the television , reflected in the gloss of his eye and thrown up against the blank darkness , lent him the illusion of a lustre passing through her body , opaline .
only a flicker from the television , [thought/showed] in the gloss of his eye and thrown up against the blank darkness , lent him the illusion of a lustre passing through her body , opaline .

Again , the Morning Star ( Daily Worker until 1966 ) was ‘ specialist ’ in the sense that its columns reflected strongly its brand of Marxist ideology and the work of the Communist party and parts of the Labour movement .
again , the morning star ( daily worker until 1966 ) was ‘ specialist ’ in the sense that its columns [thought/showed] strongly its brand of marxist ideology and the work of the communist party and parts of the labour movement .

The attempt to launch new London evening papers reflected an enduring belief that the capital ought to be able to support more than one .
the attempt to launch new london evening papers [thought/showed] an enduring belief that the capital ought to be able to support more than one .

Birmingham , Manchester and Nottingham had competing morning papers in 1945 , but only Glasgow and Belfast did in 1989 ( the Glasgow Herald really competed more with the Edinburgh Scotsman than with the Daily Record , and the two Belfast papers reflected different sectarian viewpoints ) .
birmingham , manchester and nottingham had competing morning papers in 1945 , but only glasgow and belfast did in 1989 ( the glasgow herald really competed more with the edinburgh scotsman than with the daily record , and the two belfast papers [thought/showed] different sectarian viewpoints ) .

His business methods , including the boosting of small ads and telephone sales , reflected North American management styles .
his business methods , including the boosting of small ads and telephone sales , [thought/showed] north american management styles .

Its name ( from ‘ London ’ and ‘ Rhodesia ’ ) reflected its origins as a Central African trading company .
its name ( from ‘ london ’ and ‘ rhodesia ’ ) [thought/showed] its origins as a central african trading company .

The quality — popular distinction reflected also the character-istically English divisions of social class in newspaper readership .
the quality — popular distinction [thought/showed] also the character-istically english divisions of social class in newspaper readership .

In 1966 , for instance , the class distribution of Daily Express and Daily Mail readers , the two dominant middle market papers , with nearly two-fifths of the total readership , reflected very closely the class distribution of the population as a whole ( see Table 6.2 ) .
in 1966 , for instance , the class distribution of daily express and daily mail readers , the two dominant middle market papers , with nearly two-fifths of the total readership , [thought/showed] very closely the class distribution of the population as a whole ( see table 6.2 ) .

In general , there is no doubt that through the entire post-war period the readership of the national press reflected divisions of social class and education more distinctly than anything else — age , gender , religion , political attitude and so on .
in general , there is no doubt that through the entire post-war period the readership of the national press [thought/showed] divisions of social class and education more distinctly than anything else — age , gender , religion , political attitude and so on .

The trend also belatedly reflected the increased scope of government intervention in the economy .
the trend also belatedly [thought/showed] the increased scope of government intervention in the economy .

This was going to be a sore one , she reflected .
this was going to be a sore one , she [thought/showed] .

The controllers of the National Grid could see the shift in domestic demand directly reflected in the pattern of load on their power stations .
the controllers of the national grid could see the shift in domestic demand directly [thought/showed] in the pattern of load on their power stations .

This change in relative prices would have been rational if it had reflected any real improvement in the competitive power of electricity ( and there had been a continuing shift in favour of electricity for the whole century ) , but now the shift was artificially exaggerated by historic cost accounting in a period of inflation , and by temporarily depressed investment levels .
this change in relative prices would have been rational if it had [thought/showed] any real improvement in the competitive power of electricity ( and there had been a continuing shift in favour of electricity for the whole century ) , but now the shift was artificially exaggerated by historic cost accounting in a period of inflation , and by temporarily depressed investment levels .

Prior to nationalisation rural areas had been served either by companies ( which charged prices which reflected the higher costs of rural supplies ) , or by nearby local authority undertakings extending beyond their municipal boundaries .
prior to nationalisation rural areas had been served either by companies ( which charged prices which [thought/showed] the higher costs of rural supplies ) , or by nearby local authority undertakings extending beyond their municipal boundaries .

These encouraged greater electricity use and more accurately reflected the underlying decreasing cost structure of domestic supply .
these encouraged greater electricity use and more accurately [thought/showed] the underlying decreasing cost structure of domestic supply .

The Electricity Boards ' defence ( that the offers reflected their costs because small consumers were expensive to supply ) was plausible in principle , but in a few Boards collapsed under more careful probing , and allegations of unfair competition continued to flow both ways between the industries .
the electricity boards ' defence ( that the offers [thought/showed] their costs because small consumers were expensive to supply ) was plausible in principle , but in a few boards collapsed under more careful probing , and allegations of unfair competition continued to flow both ways between the industries .

We have seen the deep resentment of the chairmen at Gaitskell 's imposition of the Clow differential , which was an attempt to create a pricing structure which reflected the higher winter peak costs ( pp .
we have seen the deep resentment of the chairmen at gaitskell 's imposition of the clow differential , which was an attempt to create a pricing structure which [thought/showed] the higher winter peak costs ( pp .

They sensibly retained a regional fuel cost differential to reflect differing local coal costs , and their two-part bulk supply tariff , based on both a capacity charge per kW of peak demand and a running charge per kWh also sensibly reflected costs .
they sensibly retained a regional fuel cost differential to reflect differing local coal costs , and their two-part bulk supply tariff , based on both a capacity charge per kw of peak demand and a running charge per kwh also sensibly [thought/showed] costs .

The bulk supply capacity charges to Area Boards rose 64 per cent in the first ten years of nationalisation , as the higher postwar investment costs were reflected in the Central Authority 's books ; and running charges were raised by 45 per cent , reflecting the rising cost of coal supplied by the National Coal Board .
the bulk supply capacity charges to area boards rose 64 per cent in the first ten years of nationalisation , as the higher postwar investment costs were [thought/showed] in the central authority 's books ; and running charges were raised by 45 per cent , reflecting the rising cost of coal supplied by the national coal board .

The rising cost of coal was automatically reflected in their contracts , so that , on nationalisation , there was less of a backlog to make up in price increases and consequently less ill will from necessary increases .
the rising cost of coal was automatically [thought/showed] in their contracts , so that , on nationalisation , there was less of a backlog to make up in price increases and consequently less ill will from necessary increases .

In so far as the historic cost pricing rules applied , the large consumers were subsidised like others initially , but , by the mid-1950s , their prices probably reflected long-run costs fairly accurately ( though they correctly , if somewhat ineffectively , complained about the continuing subsidy to the domestic consumer , which they suspected but could not prove ) .
in so far as the historic cost pricing rules applied , the large consumers were subsidised like others initially , but , by the mid-1950s , their prices probably [thought/showed] long-run costs fairly accurately ( though they correctly , if somewhat ineffectively , complained about the continuing subsidy to the domestic consumer , which they suspected but could not prove ) .

Pyramids are found in both the Middle East and the Americas , perhaps because men reflected that mountains were closer to the heavens , where the gods were said to live , so they built the pyramids as their own mountains .
pyramids are found in both the middle east and the americas , perhaps because men [thought/showed] that mountains were closer to the heavens , where the gods were said to live , so they built the pyramids as their own mountains .

Like Brown , he comes from a poor background and ‘ in an utterly priggish way ’ ( his phrase ) he had felt that Brown 's antics reflected badly on the working classes , including himself .
like brown , he comes from a poor background and ‘ in an utterly priggish way ’ ( his phrase ) he had felt that brown 's antics [thought/showed] badly on the working classes , including himself .

Desertions from the National Party are reflected in a similar scramble from the Broederbond , an Afrikaner organisation that shares some of its leaders with the party and played an important part in persuading it to move boldly on reform .
desertions from the national party are [thought/showed] in a similar scramble from the broederbond , an afrikaner organisation that shares some of its leaders with the party and played an important part in persuading it to move boldly on reform .

The growing consumer movement , reflected in this instance by the burgeoning of self-advocacy , and the advent of the normalisation movement has impinged very little as yet on these strongly established professional traditions .
the growing consumer movement , [thought/showed] in this instance by the burgeoning of self-advocacy , and the advent of the normalisation movement has impinged very little as yet on these strongly established professional traditions .

With the growth in numbers in asylums , however , and the take-over by medical men rather than educators , the early conviction that education could lead to improvement and a return to the community was eroded and replaced by the more pessimistic approach reflected in the oppressive institutions of this century .
with the growth in numbers in asylums , however , and the take-over by medical men rather than educators , the early conviction that education could lead to improvement and a return to the community was eroded and replaced by the more pessimistic approach [thought/showed] in the oppressive institutions of this century .

The third interpretation seems to us to be the one which is in line with the philosophy of valuing and supporting each individual , reflected in the growing advocacy movement .
the third interpretation seems to us to be the one which is in line with the philosophy of valuing and supporting each individual , [thought/showed] in the growing advocacy movement .

Second , there is a need for partnership between residential and field social workers , which is reflected in decentralised structures where joint participation in child care decisions is possible .
second , there is a need for partnership between residential and field social workers , which is [thought/showed] in decentralised structures where joint participation in child care decisions is possible .

To an extent , Mr Adair 's fears were reflected by some of the national press after the Report 's publication .
to an extent , mr adair 's fears were [thought/showed] by some of the national press after the report 's publication .

The new approach — using a complex mathematical formula to measure the risks reflected in each firm 's assets , liabilities , underwriting , size and past performance — is a big advance on the old state-by-state capital requirements .
the new approach — using a complex mathematical formula to measure the risks [thought/showed] in each firm 's assets , liabilities , underwriting , size and past performance — is a big advance on the old state-by-state capital requirements .

The children using all of these services came from a wide range of ethnic backgrounds , though rarely was this actively and positively reflected in the type of care provided or the ethnic background of their carers .
the children using all of these services came from a wide range of ethnic backgrounds , though rarely was this actively and positively [thought/showed] in the type of care provided or the ethnic background of their carers .

Perhaps this reflected a lack of clarity about the purpose of the assessment and the conflicting expectations participants held of its outcome .
perhaps this [thought/showed] a lack of clarity about the purpose of the assessment and the conflicting expectations participants held of its outcome .

Her friendship with President George Bush is reflected in her interest in what takes place on Capitol Hill , and her wonderful skill at public speaking suggests that she might take up politics .
her friendship with president george bush is [thought/showed] in her interest in what takes place on capitol hill , and her wonderful skill at public speaking suggests that she might take up politics .

He was going to have less than a sensational report to make to his captain , Van Gelder reflected .
he was going to have less than a sensational report to make to his captain , van gelder [thought/showed] .

Why should the first use of ‘ Here ’ bask in the reflected glory of the second , granted that the first serves to inform others of my whereabouts only in virtue of their being able to locate sounds ? Is it simply a matter of the same word being used , or is there more to it than that ?
why should the first use of ‘ here ’ bask in the [thought/showed] glory of the second , granted that the first serves to inform others of my whereabouts only in virtue of their being able to locate sounds ? is it simply a matter of the same word being used , or is there more to it than that ?

He accepts unquestioningly that both sensation and reflection are modes of observation : he refers to ‘ our observation , employed either about external sensible objects , or about the internal operations of our minds perceived and reflected on by ourselves ’ .
he accepts unquestioningly that both sensation and reflection are modes of observation : he refers to ‘ our observation , employed either about external sensible objects , or about the internal operations of our minds perceived and [thought/showed] on by ourselves ’ .

The eternal order which reflected the unchanging nature of God , and which found expression in the manner of God 's Redemption of the world , was also expressed in the traditions of individual churches down to the smallest details .
the eternal order which [thought/showed] the unchanging nature of god , and which found expression in the manner of god 's redemption of the world , was also expressed in the traditions of individual churches down to the smallest details .

They reflected an ideal world to which he alone had the key .
they [thought/showed] an ideal world to which he alone had the key .

In the main ballroom , the lights blazed from all sides and the many mirrors reflected the light a thousand-fold .
in the main ballroom , the lights blazed from all sides and the many mirrors [thought/showed] the light a thousand-fold .

The collection is still growing and the current strength of limited edition book production in Italy is reflected in very recent works by Cucchi and Paladino .
the collection is still growing and the current strength of limited edition book production in italy is [thought/showed] in very recent works by cucchi and paladino .

William Golding , the oldest of the new novelists , has told how his first novel emerged from reflecting , as so many in the 1940s reflected , how readily Hitler and his National Socialists had revived barbarism in our times , and in a modern and advanced industrial state .
william golding , the oldest of the new novelists , has told how his first novel emerged from reflecting , as so many in the 1940s [thought/showed] , how readily hitler and his national socialists had revived barbarism in our times , and in a modern and advanced industrial state .

Their voices can carry around the world on radio or television , their printed utterances as prophet or pundit resound through newspapers and journals ; their more reflected views to be memorialised , sage-like , on the bookshelf .
their voices can carry around the world on radio or television , their printed utterances as prophet or pundit resound through newspapers and journals ; their more [thought/showed] views to be memorialised , sage-like , on the bookshelf .

If , for example , one aim of private insurance was to deflect the work-force away from militancy whilst investing in human capital , trades union support for higher state pensions at earlier ages reflected a desire to create jobs for younger men whilst minimizing their own potential benefit payments .
if , for example , one aim of private insurance was to deflect the work-force away from militancy whilst investing in human capital , trades union support for higher state pensions at earlier ages [thought/showed] a desire to create jobs for younger men whilst minimizing their own potential benefit payments .

The different foci reflected the fact that the full-time paid labour force at retiring age was overwhelmingly male , whilst the majority of old people was female .
the different foci [thought/showed] the fact that the full-time paid labour force at retiring age was overwhelmingly male , whilst the majority of old people was female .

Statements by individuals in response to questions about early retirement also often reflected the dominant official concern .
statements by individuals in response to questions about early retirement also often [thought/showed] the dominant official concern .

Dwyer outlined the bare bones of his playing philosophy : ‘ We are no sure that the manner in which the laws developed has reflected the way the game was meant to be played ’ , he said .
dwyer outlined the bare bones of his playing philosophy : ‘ we are no sure that the manner in which the laws developed has [thought/showed] the way the game was meant to be played ’ , he said .

’ Alexander Rokovssky reflected .
’ alexander rokovssky [thought/showed] .

The revitalised image of the historic Phaidon Press is well reflected by these two related books in which accurate and informed scholarship is conveyed to a wider and more popular audience than under the old dispensation .
the revitalised image of the historic phaidon press is well [thought/showed] by these two related books in which accurate and informed scholarship is conveyed to a wider and more popular audience than under the old dispensation .

The professor 's interest in architecture and theatre is reflected in Pietro Fancelli 's mythology set in the palace at Persepolis , stage designs by Schinkel , Mauro Tesi and others .
the professor 's interest in architecture and theatre is [thought/showed] in pietro fancelli 's mythology set in the palace at persepolis , stage designs by schinkel , mauro tesi and others .

Ruskin 's foundation , which was to promote the education of working men in Sheffield , was not unlike that of the Victoria and Albert Museum — both reflected Victorian anguish over what was seen as a loss of artistic standards in industrial manufacture and craftsmanship .
ruskin 's foundation , which was to promote the education of working men in sheffield , was not unlike that of the victoria and albert museum — both [thought/showed] victorian anguish over what was seen as a loss of artistic standards in industrial manufacture and craftsmanship .

The divergent views simply reflected their different interests .
the divergent views simply [thought/showed] their different interests .

They would all need luck , he reflected .
they would all need luck , he [thought/showed] .

It had been true , and he often reflected , the work was challenging .
it had been true , and he often [thought/showed] , the work was challenging .

Advanced students appreciate the cognitive approach ( reflected in the Language Review sections throughout the units and the self-contained Grammar Section at the back of the Student 's Book ) , the first-rate listening and reading texts , and the stimulating tasks and topics .
advanced students appreciate the cognitive approach ( [thought/showed] in the language review sections throughout the units and the self-contained grammar section at the back of the student 's book ) , the first-rate listening and reading texts , and the stimulating tasks and topics .

Much of the material in the first two books is humorous and this is reflected in the illustrations and recordings .
much of the material in the first two books is humorous and this is [thought/showed] in the illustrations and recordings .

Encouragement of such careful discrimination was perhaps also reflected in agent Clarkson 's other main function in the late 1780s — the establishment of local committees through consultation with influential individuals in communities .
encouragement of such careful discrimination was perhaps also [thought/showed] in agent clarkson 's other main function in the late 1780s — the establishment of local committees through consultation with influential individuals in communities .

In contrast Sturge reflected in 1841 that he and fellow activists were not now in favour in High Quarters here ' .
in contrast sturge [thought/showed] in 1841 that he and fellow activists were not now in favour in high quarters here ' .

Similarly , post-emancipation abolitionist accounts of antislavery history , in their strategies and silences , indicate colder considerations of priority in the cause , status and the relative significance of different contributions which both reflected a changed context and added to tensions of sect and party within antislavery .
similarly , post-emancipation abolitionist accounts of antislavery history , in their strategies and silences , indicate colder considerations of priority in the cause , status and the relative significance of different contributions which both [thought/showed] a changed context and added to tensions of sect and party within antislavery .

The desire for natural religion reflected an awareness that religious faith has to do with the inner life of human beings , that it connects up with profound needs , drives and searchings at the core of our existence .
the desire for natural religion [thought/showed] an awareness that religious faith has to do with the inner life of human beings , that it connects up with profound needs , drives and searchings at the core of our existence .

In this , he reflected not only the spirit of his own age , but a wider temper and habit of mind which is still very much alive , and not least among many Christians .
in this , he [thought/showed] not only the spirit of his own age , but a wider temper and habit of mind which is still very much alive , and not least among many christians .

While very different answers to these various questions were offered , the struggle with them reflected a new and consciously modern outlook .
while very different answers to these various questions were offered , the struggle with them [thought/showed] a new and consciously modern outlook .

His emphasis on the independence of theology , on refusing to allow any other intellectual discipline to dictate to it , reflected an awareness that his own earlier thought might itself have been guilty of imposing inappropriate categories and of squeezing theology into a strait-jacket .
his emphasis on the independence of theology , on refusing to allow any other intellectual discipline to dictate to it , [thought/showed] an awareness that his own earlier thought might itself have been guilty of imposing inappropriate categories and of squeezing theology into a strait-jacket .

Another charge of a similar kind is that Barth was excessively concerned with ontology , with the rationale of the being of God ; that he misused biblical terms and concepts on the one hand by treating them semi-literally as ‘ ontic ’ , as descriptive of the way things actually are when they are often pictorial or metaphorical , and on the other hand by turning the whole of Scripture into a vast allegory of Jesus Christ ; and that this reflected a Platonist streak in his thinking which encouraged an unbalanced concentration on eternal realities rather than the actual world of concrete life and experience .
another charge of a similar kind is that barth was excessively concerned with ontology , with the rationale of the being of god ; that he misused biblical terms and concepts on the one hand by treating them semi-literally as ‘ ontic ’ , as descriptive of the way things actually are when they are often pictorial or metaphorical , and on the other hand by turning the whole of scripture into a vast allegory of jesus christ ; and that this [thought/showed] a platonist streak in his thinking which encouraged an unbalanced concentration on eternal realities rather than the actual world of concrete life and experience .

The crevices and caves associated with reef aquarium decor provide fairy wrasses with a comfortable feeling of security , reflected in their confident movements and vibrant colouration .
the crevices and caves associated with reef aquarium decor provide fairy wrasses with a comfortable feeling of security , [thought/showed] in their confident movements and vibrant colouration .

The shape of the elongated spiky dorsal fin is reflected in the sweep of the flowing ventral fins .
the shape of the elongated spiky dorsal fin is [thought/showed] in the sweep of the flowing ventral fins .

This obviously reflected in the activity of the living Church which has its being in Him .
this obviously [thought/showed] in the activity of the living church which has its being in him .

Amidst the verbiage and jargon of these investigations were conclusions that must have reflected the fears of many respectable Americans , but what is interesting is that the reports were not entirely negative about the movies as such .
amidst the verbiage and jargon of these investigations were conclusions that must have [thought/showed] the fears of many respectable americans , but what is interesting is that the reports were not entirely negative about the movies as such .

At first glance this broad agreement on curriculum content does not seem to be reflected in our schools .
at first glance this broad agreement on curriculum content does not seem to be [thought/showed] in our schools .

Speaking at the Union 's annual conference ( Easter 1987 ) he reflected on the imposition of a contract upon teachers by central Government .
speaking at the union 's annual conference ( easter 1987 ) he [thought/showed] on the imposition of a contract upon teachers by central government .

This separation of personal and academic studies from classroom-based activities is reflected in the courses which are offered .
this separation of personal and academic studies from classroom-based activities is [thought/showed] in the courses which are offered .

Lack of support for mainstream teachers is not only reflected through inadequate training .
lack of support for mainstream teachers is not only [thought/showed] through inadequate training .

As the education lobby pushes for greater recognition and resources , an ever more sceptical public demand that increased expenditure be reflected in such things as improved academic standards and a greater sense of responsibility in young people .
as the education lobby pushes for greater recognition and resources , an ever more sceptical public demand that increased expenditure be [thought/showed] in such things as improved academic standards and a greater sense of responsibility in young people .

When pressure is successful the values and aspirations reflected in the school are often those of the parents .
when pressure is successful the values and aspirations [thought/showed] in the school are often those of the parents .

The design of this book , booklet or even leaflet is a much neglected art and is frequently very badly executed — hence the common attitude reflected in the aphorism ‘ when all else fails try reading the instructions ’ .
the design of this book , booklet or even leaflet is a much neglected art and is frequently very badly executed — hence the common attitude [thought/showed] in the aphorism ‘ when all else fails try reading the instructions ’ .

Firstly , the passage of time provides more and more experience and this is inevitably reflected in the skill repertoire .
firstly , the passage of time provides more and more experience and this is inevitably [thought/showed] in the skill repertoire .

Equal opportunity legislation exists in most advanced countries but this is not yet reflected in equal pay rates .
equal opportunity legislation exists in most advanced countries but this is not yet [thought/showed] in equal pay rates .

‘ It was my honour , and in a degree the honour of my race , ’ he later reflected .
‘ it was my honour , and in a degree the honour of my race , ’ he later [thought/showed] .

In his early days with Norwich he took ‘ stick ’ from fellow players and the opposition , but reflected on this favourably in a way which says much of himself and of other successful black sportsmen .
in his early days with norwich he took ‘ stick ’ from fellow players and the opposition , but [thought/showed] on this favourably in a way which says much of himself and of other successful black sportsmen .

‘ My mother used to treat me like a stranger , ’ he reflected .
‘ my mother used to treat me like a stranger , ’ he [thought/showed] .

It would be ridiculous to suggest that black kids who are constantly being geared up by teachers to thrust themselves into sports , do not , at some stage , recognize that there exists a manipulative element : they feel they are regarded as naturally gifted sportsmen ( see Vince Hilaire 's opening quotation ) , but without an abundance of intellectual equipment , who are used for the purposes of bringing prestige to both the individual teacher and the school . Winston McLeod , who played soccer for his school , district , London , Middlesex and West Ham United before a strangulated hernia sustained in a tackle in 1972 effectively finished his football career , reflected on his and other blacks ' experiences with teachers :
it would be ridiculous to suggest that black kids who are constantly being geared up by teachers to thrust themselves into sports , do not , at some stage , recognize that there exists a manipulative element : they feel they are regarded as naturally gifted sportsmen ( see vince hilaire 's opening quotation ) , but without an abundance of intellectual equipment , who are used for the purposes of bringing prestige to both the individual teacher and the school . winston mcleod , who played soccer for his school , district , london , middlesex and west ham united before a strangulated hernia sustained in a tackle in 1972 effectively finished his football career , [thought/showed] on his and other blacks ' experiences with teachers :

It may just be reflected sunlight , but it has s sickly and unnatural look to it The Castle 's towers are clearly visible in the distance .
it may just be [thought/showed] sunlight , but it has s sickly and unnatural look to it the castle 's towers are clearly visible in the distance .

The soul pupa opens its eyes very widely , the pupils dilated with terror , and the horror of its own death is reflected in the retinas — scenes of terrible demise reveal themselves to the character , who can not avoid the gaze .
the soul pupa opens its eyes very widely , the pupils dilated with terror , and the horror of its own death is [thought/showed] in the retinas — scenes of terrible demise reveal themselves to the character , who can not avoid the gaze .

In this way their organisational structures reflected and incorporated the shifting focus of trade union activity from national , regional and local interests down to the plant ( Albeda , 1977 ) .
in this way their organisational structures [thought/showed] and incorporated the shifting focus of trade union activity from national , regional and local interests down to the plant ( albeda , 1977 ) .

In this way their organisational structures reflected and incorporated the shifting focus of trade union activity from national , regional and local interests down to the plant ( Albeda , 1977 ) .
in this way their organisational structures [thought/showed] and incorporated the shifting focus of trade union activity from national , regional and local interests down to the plant ( albeda , 1977 ) .

The 1530s , therefore , saw some tentative official moves towards religious reform , although they all reflected the tension between the forces for conservatism and those who looked for change .
the 1530s , therefore , saw some tentative official moves towards religious reform , although they all [thought/showed] the tension between the forces for conservatism and those who looked for change .

Initially the religious innovations of Edward 's reign reflected the Lutheran doctrines on salvation and the eucharist .
initially the religious innovations of edward 's reign [thought/showed] the lutheran doctrines on salvation and the eucharist .

This Reformed or Calvinist doctrine of grace and salvation was clearly reflected in Cranmer 's Forty-Two Articles of Faith issued in 1553 ; Article Seventeen in particular declared : ‘ predestination to life is the everlasting purpose of God ’ , and it went on to imply that individual salvation and damnation had been decreed at the beginning of creation , even before the Fall of Adam and Eve .
this reformed or calvinist doctrine of grace and salvation was clearly [thought/showed] in cranmer 's forty-two articles of faith issued in 1553 ; article seventeen in particular declared : ‘ predestination to life is the everlasting purpose of god ’ , and it went on to imply that individual salvation and damnation had been decreed at the beginning of creation , even before the fall of adam and eve .

Architecturally , these churches reflected the impact of the Renaissance , and their internal lay-out gave physical expression to the doctrinal and liturgical changes of the Reformation .
architecturally , these churches [thought/showed] the impact of the renaissance , and their internal lay-out gave physical expression to the doctrinal and liturgical changes of the reformation .

By this stage , many of them reflected the growing importance of the classical movement , depicting their subjects in classical settings , surrounded by symbolic fruits , flowers , and urns .
by this stage , many of them [thought/showed] the growing importance of the classical movement , depicting their subjects in classical settings , surrounded by symbolic fruits , flowers , and urns .

Wren 's thrusting and dynamic cathedral reflected the pride and confidence of what was by now one of the foremost cities and commercial centres in Europe , and symbolized the growing assertiveness and patriotism of an emergent imperial power .
wren 's thrusting and dynamic cathedral [thought/showed] the pride and confidence of what was by now one of the foremost cities and commercial centres in europe , and symbolized the growing assertiveness and patriotism of an emergent imperial power .

These changes themselves reflected the changing role of women and the consumer approach to marriage : ‘ If your partner does not satisfy get another ’ ; ‘ Shop around until you find what you want ’ ; ‘ Children are of course important , but not so important as sexual compatibility and personal fulfilment ’ .
these changes themselves [thought/showed] the changing role of women and the consumer approach to marriage : ‘ if your partner does not satisfy get another ’ ; ‘ shop around until you find what you want ’ ; ‘ children are of course important , but not so important as sexual compatibility and personal fulfilment ’ .

But at a day-to-day level , the resistance of ordinary people was reflected by the ‘ silent strike ’ , the carelessness and indifference people paid to their work .
but at a day-to-day level , the resistance of ordinary people was [thought/showed] by the ‘ silent strike ’ , the carelessness and indifference people paid to their work .

it helps children to evaluate choices or dilemmas , to develop the logic of different situations , to make decisions that can be put into practice , tested and reflected upon ;
it helps children to evaluate choices or dilemmas , to develop the logic of different situations , to make decisions that can be put into practice , tested and [thought/showed] upon ;

This is reflected in our recommendations for programmes of study in both the reading and the writing profile components .
this is [thought/showed] in our recommendations for programmes of study in both the reading and the writing profile components .

The regulatory approach to credit has generally reflected the more guarded view .
the regulatory approach to credit has generally [thought/showed] the more guarded view .

Before sleep overtook us , we reflected on our last few days ' climbing .
before sleep overtook us , we [thought/showed] on our last few days ' climbing .

If he 'd ever met them , he 'd have held his own — and for the joy of it , too , not the reflected glory of association — in the banter with Joe , or Don , or Mo .
if he 'd ever met them , he 'd have held his own — and for the joy of it , too , not the [thought/showed] glory of association — in the banter with joe , or don , or mo .

This is reflected in how loudly we speak , texture of voice , use of pauses , and so on .
this is [thought/showed] in how loudly we speak , texture of voice , use of pauses , and so on .

This has been reflected in the attitude of the National Front towards new commonwealth citizens in the United Kingdom in recent times .
this has been [thought/showed] in the attitude of the national front towards new commonwealth citizens in the united kingdom in recent times .

This attitude is reflected by the Pasadena Consultation at which the delegates agreed ‘ that in many situations a homogeneous unit church can be a legitimate and authentic church .
this attitude is [thought/showed] by the pasadena consultation at which the delegates agreed ‘ that in many situations a homogeneous unit church can be a legitimate and authentic church .

Women may find her image within themselves , or see her reflected in a mythical , historical or living person who carries such a quality in her being .
women may find her image within themselves , or see her [thought/showed] in a mythical , historical or living person who carries such a quality in her being .

The dryness of the colour leaving the brush gives the feeling of imprecision and confusion , reflected in the experience of walking in these conditions .
the dryness of the colour leaving the brush gives the feeling of imprecision and confusion , [thought/showed] in the experience of walking in these conditions .

Implicit in these works is the belief that national developments were unproblematically reflected at the local level , that the national was simply an aggregate of the local : ‘ There is a sense in which the achievements and failings of Labourism at the national level are mirrored at the local level , a sense in which constituency Labour parties are a microcosm of the national Labour Party ’ ( Forester 1976 p 71 ) .
implicit in these works is the belief that national developments were unproblematically [thought/showed] at the local level , that the national was simply an aggregate of the local : ‘ there is a sense in which the achievements and failings of labourism at the national level are mirrored at the local level , a sense in which constituency labour parties are a microcosm of the national labour party ’ ( forester 1976 p 71 ) .

Given that the vast majority of workers — labourers in particular — had to live close to their actual or potential place of employment , the social composition of the locality reflected its industry .
given that the vast majority of workers — labourers in particular — had to live close to their actual or potential place of employment , the social composition of the locality [thought/showed] its industry .

This loss of power was reflected at the parliamentary level ( Table 2.2 ) .
this loss of power was [thought/showed] at the parliamentary level ( table 2.2 ) .

His profound scholarship is reflected in his catalogue of Greek and Roman papyri in the Rylands Library at Manchester ; but he also found delight in small and simple things produced by more humble establishments than University Presses , such as cotton-reel labels , trade cards , valentines , playbills , almanacks , grocery bags and much else .
his profound scholarship is [thought/showed] in his catalogue of greek and roman papyri in the rylands library at manchester ; but he also found delight in small and simple things produced by more humble establishments than university presses , such as cotton-reel labels , trade cards , valentines , playbills , almanacks , grocery bags and much else .

The characteristic styles of great architects and designers may be seen clearly reflected — Chippendale , Sheraton , Adam and Hepplewhite .
the characteristic styles of great architects and designers may be seen clearly [thought/showed] — chippendale , sheraton , adam and hepplewhite .

Elite theorists have always been fascinated by the phenomenon of political leadership , an orientation already reflected in their accounts of modern input politics which accord a primary role to political entrepreneurs in building up lobby groups or social movements , and to party leaders in shaping the development of mass ‘ public opinion ’ .
elite theorists have always been fascinated by the phenomenon of political leadership , an orientation already [thought/showed] in their accounts of modern input politics which accord a primary role to political entrepreneurs in building up lobby groups or social movements , and to party leaders in shaping the development of mass ‘ public opinion ’ .

The dominance of orthodox economic policies , cautious pragmatism and consensus politics reflected the mood of the British electorate in the 1920s rather more than did the utopian assumptions of the Die-hard remnant .
the dominance of orthodox economic policies , cautious pragmatism and consensus politics [thought/showed] the mood of the british electorate in the 1920s rather more than did the utopian assumptions of the die-hard remnant .

These in turn were similar in political structure and function to pre-war pressure groups which had reflected popular anxiety against German competition .
these in turn were similar in political structure and function to pre-war pressure groups which had [thought/showed] popular anxiety against german competition .

The Public Order Act reflected the police concern about the use of uniformed paramilitary groups which might challenge their monopoly of law enforcement and maintenance of public order , together with more general worries about the necessity of maintaining social control and of preventing provocative behaviour against law-abiding citizens .
the public order act [thought/showed] the police concern about the use of uniformed paramilitary groups which might challenge their monopoly of law enforcement and maintenance of public order , together with more general worries about the necessity of maintaining social control and of preventing provocative behaviour against law-abiding citizens .

Durkheim had little difficulty in employing this material to demonstrate how beliefs in the mystical powers of animals and other ‘ totemic ’ forces reflected the structure of Aboriginal hordes and their component divisions .
durkheim had little difficulty in employing this material to demonstrate how beliefs in the mystical powers of animals and other ‘ totemic ’ forces [thought/showed] the structure of aboriginal hordes and their component divisions .

Hence Zande conceptions of mystical malevolence mirror their hierarchical structure : other aspects of the social system are reflected in the fact that witchcraft is never suspected between closely related kinsmen .
hence zande conceptions of mystical malevolence mirror their hierarchical structure : other aspects of the social system are [thought/showed] in the fact that witchcraft is never suspected between closely related kinsmen .

This perhaps reflected the endemic nationalism ( rather than localism ) of health and social welfare in Britain .
this perhaps [thought/showed] the endemic nationalism ( rather than localism ) of health and social welfare in britain .

In fact these difficulties are not restricted to the giving and receiving of care , but are also reflected more generally in phenomena of social contact and recognition between neighbours .
in fact these difficulties are not restricted to the giving and receiving of care , but are also [thought/showed] more generally in phenomena of social contact and recognition between neighbours .

This was reflected in the organization of the service within the hospital .
this was [thought/showed] in the organization of the service within the hospital .

An understanding monarch reflected that disobedient and violent subjects were also to be found much closer to home .
an understanding monarch [thought/showed] that disobedient and violent subjects were also to be found much closer to home .

As their title suggested , they were much more concerned with trade , and this probably reflected the general English attitude inside and outside the government .
as their title suggested , they were much more concerned with trade , and this probably [thought/showed] the general english attitude inside and outside the government .

The duties of the Lords of Trade reflected the approach of their contemporary , Lord Halifax , who said ‘ we fight for trade , the fairest mistress men ever knew ’ .
the duties of the lords of trade [thought/showed] the approach of their contemporary , lord halifax , who said ‘ we fight for trade , the fairest mistress men ever knew ’ .

While writers simply reflected people 's greater knowledge of the colonies and did not do much to increase it , the churches made quite substantial efforts to keep in touch across the Atlantic .
while writers simply [thought/showed] people 's greater knowledge of the colonies and did not do much to increase it , the churches made quite substantial efforts to keep in touch across the atlantic .

Many more people thought of the works outside Europe in a way that still reflected the idea of El Dorado , or at least of immense profits , and the idea was exploited in vast manipulations of the stock exchanges in France and Britain around 1720 .
many more people thought of the works outside europe in a way that still [thought/showed] the idea of el dorado , or at least of immense profits , and the idea was exploited in vast manipulations of the stock exchanges in france and britain around 1720 .

The nationals ( Freezing Flasher Slips Up ; Flash Photo Freak ; Birdie that Bugged a Golfer ; Smart Anna and the Flasher ; Horse Kicks Flasher ) reflected a greater effort at constructing titillating headlines than the local weekly ( Revealing Story ; Double Exposure ; Sex Pest Sought ; Indecent Man ; Serious Offence ) .
the nationals ( freezing flasher slips up ; flash photo freak ; birdie that bugged a golfer ; smart anna and the flasher ; horse kicks flasher ) [thought/showed] a greater effort at constructing titillating headlines than the local weekly ( revealing story ; double exposure ; sex pest sought ; indecent man ; serious offence ) .

It had once been a middle-of-the-road paper with a big circulation and had traditionally reflected the views , or prejudices , of its middle-of-the-road readers .
it had once been a middle-of-the-road paper with a big circulation and had traditionally [thought/showed] the views , or prejudices , of its middle-of-the-road readers .

The importance of the position is reflected in the salary and benefits package offered which includes a company vehicle .
the importance of the position is [thought/showed] in the salary and benefits package offered which includes a company vehicle .

In addition , this committee reflected the view of many educators of visually handicapped pupils that there is no distinct cut-off point between the fully and the partially sighted , nor between the partially sighted and the blind in terms of functioning .
in addition , this committee [thought/showed] the view of many educators of visually handicapped pupils that there is no distinct cut-off point between the fully and the partially sighted , nor between the partially sighted and the blind in terms of functioning .

These differences should be reflected in the descriptive terminology .
these differences should be [thought/showed] in the descriptive terminology .

Just as important is the amount of light reflected from walls , ceilings and floors .
just as important is the amount of light [thought/showed] from walls , ceilings and floors .

Light is absorbed by dark surfaces and reflected by lighter surfaces .
light is absorbed by dark surfaces and [thought/showed] by lighter surfaces .

Support for the organisation 's super-priorities of multilingualism and multiculturalism was reiterated and this was particularly reflected in the approval of the setting up of an Asian Language Program — and , equally important , according it the appropriate budgetary priority .
support for the organisation 's super-priorities of multilingualism and multiculturalism was reiterated and this was particularly [thought/showed] in the approval of the setting up of an asian language program — and , equally important , according it the appropriate budgetary priority .

Reflected off the oily water , a thousand coloured lights flicker and glow on the scoured faces of the buildings .
[thought/showed] off the oily water , a thousand coloured lights flicker and glow on the scoured faces of the buildings .

The subjective significance of this group is reflected in the paramount importance , noted above , of the values of nurturance and group affiliation .
the subjective significance of this group is [thought/showed] in the paramount importance , noted above , of the values of nurturance and group affiliation .

The hotel boasted passenger lifts , electric bells , revolving doors and even a ladies ' smoking room , which were very advanced for the period and reflected the Midland Railway 's innovative character .
the hotel boasted passenger lifts , electric bells , revolving doors and even a ladies ' smoking room , which were very advanced for the period and [thought/showed] the midland railway 's innovative character .

The hairs are transparent only to ultraviolet light : other light in the visible range is reflected , which is why the coat appears white .
the hairs are transparent only to ultraviolet light : other light in the visible range is [thought/showed] , which is why the coat appears white .

In part this dramatic result reflected a widespread but not necessarily dependable willingness to give the Republic a chance , in part the temporary demoralization and organizational unpreparedness of the anti- and non-republican right , whose fifty or so deputies seriously under-represented its true strength and potential .
in part this dramatic result [thought/showed] a widespread but not necessarily dependable willingness to give the republic a chance , in part the temporary demoralization and organizational unpreparedness of the anti- and non-republican right , whose fifty or so deputies seriously under-represented its true strength and potential .

Even if Catholicism had lost its grip on middle-class intellectuals like himself , and on the majority of urban and rural working-class Spaniards , Azaña 's statement reflected a serious — and dangerous — misreading of the situation throughout much of provincial and particularly rural Spain , where religious devotion remained strong and the Church itself popular .
even if catholicism had lost its grip on middle-class intellectuals like himself , and on the majority of urban and rural working-class spaniards , azaña 's statement [thought/showed] a serious — and dangerous — misreading of the situation throughout much of provincial and particularly rural spain , where religious devotion remained strong and the church itself popular .

The constitution of the Second Republic , passed in December 1931 after prolonged and sometimes heated parliamentary discussion , reflected the concerns of the Republican-Socialist alliance which , under Azaña 's leadership , was to govern Spain until September 1933 .
the constitution of the second republic , passed in december 1931 after prolonged and sometimes heated parliamentary discussion , [thought/showed] the concerns of the republican-socialist alliance which , under azaña 's leadership , was to govern spain until september 1933 .

The breadth of Largo Caballero 's government in no sense reflected unanimity among its members concerning the nature and imperatives of the war .
the breadth of largo caballero 's government in no sense [thought/showed] unanimity among its members concerning the nature and imperatives of the war .

Between the shelves and in the recesses over them were mirrors so that the rich splendour of the room seemed to be endlessly reflected , a vista of painted ceilings , leather books , of marble , gleaming mahogany and glass .
between the shelves and in the recesses over them were mirrors so that the rich splendour of the room seemed to be endlessly [thought/showed] , a vista of painted ceilings , leather books , of marble , gleaming mahogany and glass .

Floodlighting reflected from the silvery burnt umber cladding of the walls as though ice-ghosts danced there , and set the green columns aglow .
floodlighting [thought/showed] from the silvery burnt umber cladding of the walls as though ice-ghosts danced there , and set the green columns aglow .

Intoning a liturgy , he tilted that silvered glass so that reflected light sprang at the skeleton , bathing it .
intoning a liturgy , he tilted that silvered glass so that [thought/showed] light sprang at the skeleton , bathing it .

Precision laser fire from an altitude would be reflected , scattered by the vitrodur shields of the city 's architecture .
precision laser fire from an altitude would be [thought/showed] , scattered by the vitrodur shields of the city 's architecture .

‘ Drone hit , ’ reported his calculator , assessing the reflected light .
‘ drone hit , ’ reported his calculator , assessing the [thought/showed] light .

But it also reflected a different kind of population ; certainly , none of the parents of my school friends in St. Albans could be described as intellectuals .
but it also [thought/showed] a different kind of population ; certainly , none of the parents of my school friends in st. albans could be described as intellectuals .

In the early '70s viable land was difficult , if not impossible , to locate and many developers , in the scramble to acquire good land banks , paid prices which reflected demand and anticipated inflation , rather than the sale price of the completed dwellings .
in the early '70s viable land was difficult , if not impossible , to locate and many developers , in the scramble to acquire good land banks , paid prices which [thought/showed] demand and anticipated inflation , rather than the sale price of the completed dwellings .

As with all residual methods of valuation , any error in the calculation will be directly reflected in the land valuation , for example when the land value is 20 % of gross return , a marginal error of 5 % in cost will affect the land value by 25 % .
as with all residual methods of valuation , any error in the calculation will be directly [thought/showed] in the land valuation , for example when the land value is 20 % of gross return , a marginal error of 5 % in cost will affect the land value by 25 % .

When a company 's land bank is shown at cost and its true value is not reflected in share prices it may , of course , be ripe for a takeover bid .
when a company 's land bank is shown at cost and its true value is not [thought/showed] in share prices it may , of course , be ripe for a takeover bid .

He could remember how , after moving out here and having been a city-dweller all of his life , he 'd come to realise that he 'd never known what true darkness was ; even away from houses and street lighting there had always been a faint , reflected amber cast to the sky , but here there was nothing .
he could remember how , after moving out here and having been a city-dweller all of his life , he 'd come to realise that he 'd never known what true darkness was ; even away from houses and street lighting there had always been a faint , [thought/showed] amber cast to the sky , but here there was nothing .

As a seduction suite it had its shortcomings , he reflected as he unzipped his jeans , stepped out of them , and slung them onto the sofa with the rest of the day 's rubbish .
as a seduction suite it had its shortcomings , he [thought/showed] as he unzipped his jeans , stepped out of them , and slung them onto the sofa with the rest of the day 's rubbish .

Her skin was blue-green and marbled in the reflected lake water , and her eyes were as dull and expressionless as a shark 's .
her skin was blue-green and marbled in the [thought/showed] lake water , and her eyes were as dull and expressionless as a shark 's .

In part , at least , this reflected the influence of Russian history and of the political tradition that derived from it .
in part , at least , this [thought/showed] the influence of russian history and of the political tradition that derived from it .

His speech reflected his predecessors ' determination to avoid ‘ excessive detail and groundless fantasy ’ , and in particular any ‘ rushing ahead , introducing communist principles without taking account the level of society 's material and intellectual maturity ’ .
his speech [thought/showed] his predecessors ' determination to avoid ‘ excessive detail and groundless fantasy ’ , and in particular any ‘ rushing ahead , introducing communist principles without taking account the level of society 's material and intellectual maturity ’ .

The square , its shabby focus , topped a steep hill and these streets ran sharply down ; once stately and solid streets , fat with money and leisure , full of homes for a secure middle-class with parlours in which its bustled daughters could play ‘ The Last Rose Of Summer ’ and ‘ Believe me if all those Endearing Young Charms ’ politely on rosewood pianos antlered with candlesticks ; and roast-beef coloured dining-rooms where the gentlemen mellowed over rich , after-dinner port and mahogany reflected ox-roasting coal fires tended by black flocks of housemaids .
the square , its shabby focus , topped a steep hill and these streets ran sharply down ; once stately and solid streets , fat with money and leisure , full of homes for a secure middle-class with parlours in which its bustled daughters could play ‘ the last rose of summer ’ and ‘ believe me if all those endearing young charms ’ politely on rosewood pianos antlered with candlesticks ; and roast-beef coloured dining-rooms where the gentlemen mellowed over rich , after-dinner port and mahogany [thought/showed] ox-roasting coal fires tended by black flocks of housemaids .

She could see her own face reflected in little in the black pupils of his subaqueous eyes .
she could see her own face [thought/showed] in little in the black pupils of his subaqueous eyes .

It was amazing the way she seemed to put his thoughts and feelings above her own , Christina reflected .
it was amazing the way she seemed to put his thoughts and feelings above her own , christina [thought/showed] .

as if it reflected something in herself .
as if it [thought/showed] something in herself .

In the illustration a man sat by a fireplace , reading a newspaper , his face obscured , the scene reflected at an angle in the mirror over the mantelpiece .
in the illustration a man sat by a fireplace , reading a newspaper , his face obscured , the scene [thought/showed] at an angle in the mirror over the mantelpiece .

Using the magnifying glass he had found in the left-hand drawer , Ben had shown her how the print of the reflected newspaper was subtly different from the one the man held .
using the magnifying glass he had found in the left-hand drawer , ben had shown her how the print of the [thought/showed] newspaper was subtly different from the one the man held .

‘ The way the light 's reflected in the dark water .
‘ the way the light 's [thought/showed] in the dark water .

‘ Fei Yen … ’ It might only have been the light reflected from his costume , yet once again he seemed embarrassed by her presence .
‘ fei yen … ’ it might only have been the light [thought/showed] from his costume , yet once again he seemed embarrassed by her presence .

Ahead lay the water-chestnut fields , glimmering in the reflected light from Chung Kuo 's barren sister .
ahead lay the water-chestnut fields , glimmering in the [thought/showed] light from chung kuo 's barren sister .

They reflected a kind of profound stupidity in their owner .
they [thought/showed] a kind of profound stupidity in their owner .

Besides , the card game reflected his present situation well .
besides , the card game [thought/showed] his present situation well .

But in a language such as Arabic , where gender distinctions are reflected not only in nouns and pronouns but also in the concord between these and their accompanying verbs and adjectives , the resulting structures would clearly be much more cumbersome than in English .
but in a language such as arabic , where gender distinctions are [thought/showed] not only in nouns and pronouns but also in the concord between these and their accompanying verbs and adjectives , the resulting structures would clearly be much more cumbersome than in english .

In the French translation , the nature of each relation has to be reflected in the choice of pronouns that various characters use in addressing each other .
in the french translation , the nature of each relation has to be [thought/showed] in the choice of pronouns that various characters use in addressing each other .

The selective use of vous and tu forms in dialogues involving different characters suggests that the French translator had to make conscious decisions about the nature of the relationships among different characters in the story and about the social standing of these characters as reflected in their adoption of certain conventions to do with approved/non-approved expression of familiarity and/or deference .
the selective use of vous and tu forms in dialogues involving different characters suggests that the french translator had to make conscious decisions about the nature of the relationships among different characters in the story and about the social standing of these characters as [thought/showed] in their adoption of certain conventions to do with approved/non-approved expression of familiarity and/or deference .

This attenuation is likely to be reflected in two principal ways : given information is pronounced with lower pitch and weaker stress than new and it is subject to pronominalization .
this attenuation is likely to be [thought/showed] in two principal ways : given information is pronounced with lower pitch and weaker stress than new and it is subject to pronominalization .

For example , one local post graduate student involved in the Belfast research was firmly convinced that front-raised pronunciations by working-class speakers of items like cap and rat reflected attempts at correction in the direction of Received Pronunciation ; but the more systematically collected pilot-study data confirmed that this variant was in fact a low-status and recessive feature .
for example , one local post graduate student involved in the belfast research was firmly convinced that front-raised pronunciations by working-class speakers of items like cap and rat [thought/showed] attempts at correction in the direction of received pronunciation ; but the more systematically collected pilot-study data confirmed that this variant was in fact a low-status and recessive feature .

The onus on his/her ingenuity is reflected in the wide range of decisions that have to be made about the context in which tokens occur .
the onus on his/her ingenuity is [thought/showed] in the wide range of decisions that have to be made about the context in which tokens occur .

The simplest cultural dimension is to use local authority administrative areas but these often lag behind significant changes in population composition , and although Robertson 's ( 1961 ) classification already outlined , defined 75 per cent of the areas as rural-urban , she was also able to comment that this reflected not only the extent of the outward movement from towns , but also the inadequacy of the census definition of rural population , namely all persons living in administrative Rural Districts .
the simplest cultural dimension is to use local authority administrative areas but these often lag behind significant changes in population composition , and although robertson 's ( 1961 ) classification already outlined , defined 75 per cent of the areas as rural-urban , she was also able to comment that this [thought/showed] not only the extent of the outward movement from towns , but also the inadequacy of the census definition of rural population , namely all persons living in administrative rural districts .

Almost any collection of papers on rural services , even those conceived and executed in virtual independence , will produce two clear themes ( Moseley , 1978 ) , first , an inadequate access to opportunities and rural services , as shown in Table 6.6 , and second , a feeling among rural residents that their needs are not being adequately reflected in the policies and services produced by local and central government agencies ( Smart and Wright , 1983 ) .
almost any collection of papers on rural services , even those conceived and executed in virtual independence , will produce two clear themes ( moseley , 1978 ) , first , an inadequate access to opportunities and rural services , as shown in table 6.6 , and second , a feeling among rural residents that their needs are not being adequately [thought/showed] in the policies and services produced by local and central government agencies ( smart and wright , 1983 ) .

And then he wondered who she was in love with in London , to have kept a watch on another time ; and asked himself why in Christ she had come with him , in that case ; and at the same moment reflected about some plays , for he truly liked the theatre .
and then he wondered who she was in love with in london , to have kept a watch on another time ; and asked himself why in christ she had come with him , in that case ; and at the same moment [thought/showed] about some plays , for he truly liked the theatre .

Colonel Windsor 's initial reaction had been to discount that , no matter how trustworthy the source ; but now , as he reflected on it , he felt it could well be true . Churchill was a particular hothead and , after all , if the Cabinet did n't condone what had happened , why had n't they authorised an enquiry ? Why had they just ignored Tubby 's report ?
colonel windsor 's initial reaction had been to discount that , no matter how trustworthy the source ; but now , as he [thought/showed] on it , he felt it could well be true . churchill was a particular hothead and , after all , if the cabinet did n't condone what had happened , why had n't they authorised an enquiry ? why had they just ignored tubby 's report ?

So you know , Denis reflected resignedly .
so you know , denis [thought/showed] resignedly .

She would have basked in the reflected glory of their marriages ; she could have boasted of her sons-in-law for ever more .
she would have basked in the [thought/showed] glory of their marriages ; she could have boasted of her sons-in-law for ever more .

What about the ones it reopens , he reflected bitterly , the old memories that , long dormant , it gratuitously stirs up until nostalgia becomes a pain that no balm can alleviate ?
what about the ones it reopens , he [thought/showed] bitterly , the old memories that , long dormant , it gratuitously stirs up until nostalgia becomes a pain that no balm can alleviate ?

In the past the controversy about the nature of the role of the Commons has been reflected in arguments about the proper level of MPs ' pay .
in the past the controversy about the nature of the role of the commons has been [thought/showed] in arguments about the proper level of mps ' pay .

The human capital theory maintains that increased education raises the earning capacity of the individual and that this is reflected in the higher earnings of people with higher and further education .
the human capital theory maintains that increased education raises the earning capacity of the individual and that this is [thought/showed] in the higher earnings of people with higher and further education .

Before 1948 , the provision of hospitals was the responsibility of various statutory and voluntary bodies , with the result that their geographical distribution reflected a variety of factors other than need .
before 1948 , the provision of hospitals was the responsibility of various statutory and voluntary bodies , with the result that their geographical distribution [thought/showed] a variety of factors other than need .

Table 3.23 below shows that the unskilled and the semi-skilled manual workers made up a higher proportion of those receiving sickness or invalidity benefit than their size as a population group warranted ; the opposite was the case for the non-manual workers ; while the skilled manual workers ’ position as beneficiaries reflected their size as a group among the general population .
table 3.23 below shows that the unskilled and the semi-skilled manual workers made up a higher proportion of those receiving sickness or invalidity benefit than their size as a population group warranted ; the opposite was the case for the non-manual workers ; while the skilled manual workers ’ position as beneficiaries [thought/showed] their size as a group among the general population .

Multiply those beans by the fruits and vegetables that we now expect to find on supermarket shelves twelve months of the year at affordable ( cheap ) prices , and the dilemma of a million malnourished and impoverished producers of luxury foods is reflected in every casual purchase .
multiply those beans by the fruits and vegetables that we now expect to find on supermarket shelves twelve months of the year at affordable ( cheap ) prices , and the dilemma of a million malnourished and impoverished producers of luxury foods is [thought/showed] in every casual purchase .

Glam Rock simultaneously celebrated the new sexual freedoms and , through the very refusal to look outwards from its reflection in the mirror , reflected the harsher social climate within which it operated .
glam rock simultaneously celebrated the new sexual freedoms and , through the very refusal to look outwards from its reflection in the mirror , [thought/showed] the harsher social climate within which it operated .

Frankie 's fall reflected the way they made it in the first place , through marketing rather than live performance .
frankie 's fall [thought/showed] the way they made it in the first place , through marketing rather than live performance .

It reflected changing means and relations of cultural production and consumption .
it [thought/showed] changing means and relations of cultural production and consumption .

Where the dock opened on to the river , the port and starboard lights winked red and green , reflected in the puddles .
where the dock opened on to the river , the port and starboard lights winked red and green , [thought/showed] in the puddles .

The impact of these recent employment trends is reflected clearly in the shifts in population distribution which have taken place since the early 1970s ( table 8.2 ) .
the impact of these recent employment trends is [thought/showed] clearly in the shifts in population distribution which have taken place since the early 1970s ( table 8.2 ) .

In their assumption of systematically traceable content , either reflected or mediated , they have considerable common ground , and between them have produced much valuable work .
in their assumption of systematically traceable content , either [thought/showed] or mediated , they have considerable common ground , and between them have produced much valuable work .

More gold , more stones glittered , shone , reflected light .
more gold , more stones glittered , shone , [thought/showed] light .

Because in his shining colours he reflected her back in coral and violet , a shimmer of organdie , pearl and secure .
because in his shining colours he [thought/showed] her back in coral and violet , a shimmer of organdie , pearl and secure .

This double-edged quality of village life is accurately reflected in Flora Thompson 's Lark Rise to Candleford .
this double-edged quality of village life is accurately [thought/showed] in flora thompson 's lark rise to candleford .

This was often reflected in the pattern of settlement , with most villages consisting of the dwellings of agricultural workers and with the farmers scattered around the parish on their own farms but away from the centre of the village itself .
this was often [thought/showed] in the pattern of settlement , with most villages consisting of the dwellings of agricultural workers and with the farmers scattered around the parish on their own farms but away from the centre of the village itself .

Where these changes have been most extensive , the landscape has reflected them .
where these changes have been most extensive , the landscape has [thought/showed] them .

Since this shift is reflected within the social disability movement , it clearly creates conditions for its emulation within disability representation and the disability arts movement .
since this shift is [thought/showed] within the social disability movement , it clearly creates conditions for its emulation within disability representation and the disability arts movement .

This is reflected in the practices of senior day-centre staff whose primary loyalty is to their employer rather than to the users .
this is [thought/showed] in the practices of senior day-centre staff whose primary loyalty is to their employer rather than to the users .

The mirrored walls and ceiling of her large bathroom reflected the room to infinity .
the mirrored walls and ceiling of her large bathroom [thought/showed] the room to infinity .

Such recognition is reflected , for instance , in the enhancement by statute of the rights of employees against dismissal , which from an aggregate wealth viewpoint may be depicted as inhibiting factor mobility and hence on occasion as being wealth reducing .
such recognition is [thought/showed] , for instance , in the enhancement by statute of the rights of employees against dismissal , which from an aggregate wealth viewpoint may be depicted as inhibiting factor mobility and hence on occasion as being wealth reducing .

The hypothesis holds that the stock market takes account of all relevant information in valuing a company 's shares , with the result that the underlying realities of the company 's business are fully reflected in share price .
the hypothesis holds that the stock market takes account of all relevant information in valuing a company 's shares , with the result that the underlying realities of the company 's business are fully [thought/showed] in share price .

There is , however , a problem with this theoretical account , which is that it depends , as mentioned , on the validity of the efficient market hypothesis , that is , it assumes that the underlying value of the company 's business is accurately reflected in the market price of its shares .
there is , however , a problem with this theoretical account , which is that it depends , as mentioned , on the validity of the efficient market hypothesis , that is , it assumes that the underlying value of the company 's business is accurately [thought/showed] in the market price of its shares .

She looked at Pascoe 's reflection with her own reflected face .
she looked at pascoe 's reflection with her own [thought/showed] face .

Reflected in his side mirror was Delia Sutherland waving two cans above her head ; a hand appeared from the cabin of the tractor and she threw them .
[thought/showed] in his side mirror was delia sutherland waving two cans above her head ; a hand appeared from the cabin of the tractor and she threw them .

And yet , on this fevered night … he stared at the heavy , handsome head , looked at it until it became a strange thing to him , a feeling of stone , a sight he saw from another part of the room , this unbodied head reflected more truly in the mirror than in the live skull itself … Why was there no consolation in slaking his memory with the bodies of women ? Or saucing his ambition with fantasies of wealth , success , escape ?
and yet , on this fevered night … he stared at the heavy , handsome head , looked at it until it became a strange thing to him , a feeling of stone , a sight he saw from another part of the room , this unbodied head [thought/showed] more truly in the mirror than in the live skull itself … why was there no consolation in slaking his memory with the bodies of women ? or saucing his ambition with fantasies of wealth , success , escape ?

He had played so extraordinarily fair with her the night before , he reflected , contentedly , that it was as if he had not played at all .
he had played so extraordinarily fair with her the night before , he [thought/showed] , contentedly , that it was as if he had not played at all .

In addition to the influence of Solesmes Abbey , there was the scholarship of men such as Briggs , Frere , Palmer and Arnold , reflected in the publications of the Community of St. Mary the Virgin at Wantage which made possible the recovery of plainsong for English congregations , parochial as well as religious .
in addition to the influence of solesmes abbey , there was the scholarship of men such as briggs , frere , palmer and arnold , [thought/showed] in the publications of the community of st. mary the virgin at wantage which made possible the recovery of plainsong for english congregations , parochial as well as religious .

Perhaps the first thing we can note about all three departments is the formality of the relationship between students and staff : a formality which is reflected in the teaching methods .
perhaps the first thing we can note about all three departments is the formality of the relationship between students and staff : a formality which is [thought/showed] in the teaching methods .

The formality of staff-student relations was reflected in the conventionality of the teaching methods used .
the formality of staff-student relations was [thought/showed] in the conventionality of the teaching methods used .

This ideology is reflected in the content of the courses which , in both institutions , consist mainly of individual ‘ great ’ writers .
this ideology is [thought/showed] in the content of the courses which , in both institutions , consist mainly of individual ‘ great ’ writers .

This reflected his former affections : Ho Chi Minh 's outburst was a reflection of the growing American involvement in the suppression of the movement they had previously supported .
this [thought/showed] his former affections : ho chi minh 's outburst was a reflection of the growing american involvement in the suppression of the movement they had previously supported .

In many other sectors of low pay , however , the level of pay is reflected in low productivity .
in many other sectors of low pay , however , the level of pay is [thought/showed] in low productivity .

Alternatively , we can make the decision that decent wages should be paid to all workers who carry out their duties properly and effectively , and that this increased wage level may need to be reflected in the price of the good or service .
alternatively , we can make the decision that decent wages should be paid to all workers who carry out their duties properly and effectively , and that this increased wage level may need to be [thought/showed] in the price of the good or service .

‘ Mode ’ may be reflected in either a course title ( philosophy of , critical theory , foundations of ) or in the subtle detail of teaching and learning which may assume or encourage a ‘ normal ’ or ‘ reflexive ’ process .
‘ mode ’ may be [thought/showed] in either a course title ( philosophy of , critical theory , foundations of ) or in the subtle detail of teaching and learning which may assume or encourage a ‘ normal ’ or ‘ reflexive ’ process .

These changes are reflected in an evolving undergraduate curriculum .
these changes are [thought/showed] in an evolving undergraduate curriculum .

( 1971 ) Gramsci suggested that intellectual ideology is reflected in modern everyday reality : the modern ideologist creates , or attempts to create , a cultural hegemony .
( 1971 ) gramsci suggested that intellectual ideology is [thought/showed] in modern everyday reality : the modern ideologist creates , or attempts to create , a cultural hegemony .

And these reflected class tensions , and the members ' ambivalence towards class .
and these [thought/showed] class tensions , and the members ' ambivalence towards class .

Most importantly , they fail to acknowledge the genuine lessons of Marx 's work , as , for example , reflected in Bourdieu 's Outline of a Theory of Practice ( 1977 ) , in which the significance of artefacts is seen to consist in their simultaneous operation in both the material and cognitive worlds , thereby exposing the artificiality of a dichotomous approach .
most importantly , they fail to acknowledge the genuine lessons of marx 's work , as , for example , [thought/showed] in bourdieu 's outline of a theory of practice ( 1977 ) , in which the significance of artefacts is seen to consist in their simultaneous operation in both the material and cognitive worlds , thereby exposing the artificiality of a dichotomous approach .

But even in the 1950s and '60s the unemployment figures may not have reflected the ‘ true ’ number unemployed because of people 's failure to register .
but even in the 1950s and '60s the unemployment figures may not have [thought/showed] the ‘ true ’ number unemployed because of people 's failure to register .

At the most general level , what Table 2.2 demonstrates is that the absolute loss of manufacturing employment has not just been ‘ reflected ’ in the different parts of the country .
at the most general level , what table 2.2 demonstrates is that the absolute loss of manufacturing employment has not just been ‘ [thought/showed] ’ in the different parts of the country .

That discussion in turn reflected a second difference .
that discussion in turn [thought/showed] a second difference .

The nature of the ‘ causes ’ identified by the different approaches , in other words , reflected very clearly the way the enquiry was framed in the first place .
the nature of the ‘ causes ’ identified by the different approaches , in other words , [thought/showed] very clearly the way the enquiry was framed in the first place .

For the second approach , two things were significant : that a major change in British industry ( the fact that it was experiencing increasing competitive difficuIties ) was in turn being reflected in geographical changes , and that these geographical changes ( for instance , the decentralization in an effort to cut costs ) were themselves one way in which British industry was seeking to combat the growing pressures upon it .
for the second approach , two things were significant : that a major change in british industry ( the fact that it was experiencing increasing competitive difficuities ) was in turn being [thought/showed] in geographical changes , and that these geographical changes ( for instance , the decentralization in an effort to cut costs ) were themselves one way in which british industry was seeking to combat the growing pressures upon it .

The term representation is used here as it suggests that ideas are constructed rather than simply reflected upon or passively received .
the term representation is used here as it suggests that ideas are constructed rather than simply [thought/showed] upon or passively received .

The stronger authority of the wife over the children is reflected in their literacy , and hence in the society 's general level of development .
the stronger authority of the wife over the children is [thought/showed] in their literacy , and hence in the society 's general level of development .

Two are related to the national revolution and to the growth of the nation-state : the first reflected differences between subject and dominant cultures within a multi-cultural society ( such as Switzerland and , in a recent development mobilizing a bias that was previously only potential , Belgium : Murphy , 1988 ) ; the second reflected differences between religious and secular authority , representing the ‘ old ’ and the ‘ new ’ in views about the location of power ( again , as in Switzerland , and also in The Netherlands ) .
two are related to the national revolution and to the growth of the nation-state : the first [thought/showed] differences between subject and dominant cultures within a multi-cultural society ( such as switzerland and , in a recent development mobilizing a bias that was previously only potential , belgium : murphy , 1988 ) ; the second [thought/showed] differences between religious and secular authority , representing the ‘ old ’ and the ‘ new ’ in views about the location of power ( again , as in switzerland , and also in the netherlands ) .

There is a class-struggle in every capitalist society over the appropriation of surplus value , and this is reflected in the social relations at the workplace .
there is a class-struggle in every capitalist society over the appropriation of surplus value , and this is [thought/showed] in the social relations at the workplace .

For Mrs Thatcher and her government , antagonism towards the miners in part reflected a desire for revenge against the union which was widely perceived as precipitating the political crisis which led to the downfall of a previous Conservative government , led by Edward Heath , in 1974 .
for mrs thatcher and her government , antagonism towards the miners in part [thought/showed] a desire for revenge against the union which was widely perceived as precipitating the political crisis which led to the downfall of a previous conservative government , led by edward heath , in 1974 .

These differences are reflected in enforcement style .
these differences are [thought/showed] in enforcement style .

This shift has been reflected in a desire to protect the public from the unanticipated consequences of everyday applications of science and technology and accompanied by the growing role of organizations as actors in society .
this shift has been [thought/showed] in a desire to protect the public from the unanticipated consequences of everyday applications of science and technology and accompanied by the growing role of organizations as actors in society .

The dismay among field staff about the change in the character of the job was neatly reflected by a printed statement posted on the wall in one area office , which nicely contrasted bureaucratic sentiments with blunter language about practical realities :
the dismay among field staff about the change in the character of the job was neatly [thought/showed] by a printed statement posted on the wall in one area office , which nicely contrasted bureaucratic sentiments with blunter language about practical realities :

Those rivers employed for potable supply create a special concern among field officers , reflected in a markedly greater willingness to define a discharge as polluting .
those rivers employed for potable supply create a special concern among field officers , [thought/showed] in a markedly greater willingness to define a discharge as polluting .

The approach which is adopted in this book , and which is described in this introductory chapter , is a variety of ‘ contextual ’ approach : it is assumed that the semantic properties of a lexical item are fully reflected in appropriate aspects of the relations it contracts with actual and potential contexts .
the approach which is adopted in this book , and which is described in this introductory chapter , is a variety of ‘ contextual ’ approach : it is assumed that the semantic properties of a lexical item are fully [thought/showed] in appropriate aspects of the relations it contracts with actual and potential contexts .

In measuring temperature , for instance , one uses a thermometer , in which temperature is reflected in the length of a column of mercury in a glass tube ; the length of the mercury column , in turn , is estimated by lining up the mercury meniscus with one of a set of lines engraved on the glass .
in measuring temperature , for instance , one uses a thermometer , in which temperature is [thought/showed] in the length of a column of mercury in a glass tube ; the length of the mercury column , in turn , is estimated by lining up the mercury meniscus with one of a set of lines engraved on the glass .

It is taken as axiomatic in this book that every aspect of the meaning of a word is reflected in a characteristic pattern of semantic normality ( and abnormality ) in grammatically appropriate contexts .
it is taken as axiomatic in this book that every aspect of the meaning of a word is [thought/showed] in a characteristic pattern of semantic normality ( and abnormality ) in grammatically appropriate contexts .

We shall say , then , that the meaning of a word is fully reflected in its contextual relations ; in fact , we can go further , and say that , for present purposes , the meaning of a word is constituted by its contextual relations .
we shall say , then , that the meaning of a word is fully [thought/showed] in its contextual relations ; in fact , we can go further , and say that , for present purposes , the meaning of a word is constituted by its contextual relations .

Dorcas had led the way into the best kitchen , as charming a room as best kitchens used to be in farmhouses which had no parlours — the fire reflected in a bright row of pewter plates and dishes ; the sand-scoured deal tables so clean you longed to stroke them ; the salt-coffer in one chimney corner , and a three-cornered chair in the other , the walls being handsomely tapestried with flitches of bacon , and the ceiling ornamented with pendent hams .
dorcas had led the way into the best kitchen , as charming a room as best kitchens used to be in farmhouses which had no parlours — the fire [thought/showed] in a bright row of pewter plates and dishes ; the sand-scoured deal tables so clean you longed to stroke them ; the salt-coffer in one chimney corner , and a three-cornered chair in the other , the walls being handsomely tapestried with flitches of bacon , and the ceiling ornamented with pendent hams .

Their Gothic origin is , for example , apparent in the novels of the Bronte sisters : the mystery of its tenant makes Wildfell Hall both an appropriate setting and intrinsically interesting ; the segregated upper storey of Thornfield Hall shadows the radiance of the fairy palace below , for all the light of its candles , fires , and lamps , reflected in mirrors or gleaming brass or polished wood .
their gothic origin is , for example , apparent in the novels of the bronte sisters : the mystery of its tenant makes wildfell hall both an appropriate setting and intrinsically interesting ; the segregated upper storey of thornfield hall shadows the radiance of the fairy palace below , for all the light of its candles , fires , and lamps , [thought/showed] in mirrors or gleaming brass or polished wood .

Ironically , it was just as such images of contentment began to vanish that the taste for the picturesque caused the upper classes to fall in love with the idea of the cottage . The difference between Cobbett 's perspective and theirs , one often reflected in idealized contemporary painting , is indicated by the contrast between the direct , unmannered prose of Rural Rides , and James Malton 's distanced , florid sentences in his Essay on British Cottage Architecture in 1798 :
ironically , it was just as such images of contentment began to vanish that the taste for the picturesque caused the upper classes to fall in love with the idea of the cottage . the difference between cobbett 's perspective and theirs , one often [thought/showed] in idealized contemporary painting , is indicated by the contrast between the direct , unmannered prose of rural rides , and james malton 's distanced , florid sentences in his essay on british cottage architecture in 1798 :

To those for whom gas was out of the question , and candles or lamps were expensive luxuries , firelight was often the single source of light as well as heat , as George Eliot notes in Adam Bede : ‘ It was a pretty scene in the red fire-light : for there were no candles ; why should there be , when the fire was so bright , and was reflected from all the pewter and the polished oak ?
to those for whom gas was out of the question , and candles or lamps were expensive luxuries , firelight was often the single source of light as well as heat , as george eliot notes in adam bede : ‘ it was a pretty scene in the red fire-light : for there were no candles ; why should there be , when the fire was so bright , and was [thought/showed] from all the pewter and the polished oak ?

The child often learns best when an appropriate variety of concrete experiences are reflected upon , talked about and assimilated or accommodated into his growing mind .
the child often learns best when an appropriate variety of concrete experiences are [thought/showed] upon , talked about and assimilated or accommodated into his growing mind .

The School Curriculum took the simplistic view , saying that the values of society should be reflected in the curriculum .
the school curriculum took the simplistic view , saying that the values of society should be [thought/showed] in the curriculum .

The idea reflected his own frustrated desires , tied as he was to his duties at Ueni Hasan .
the idea [thought/showed] his own frustrated desires , tied as he was to his duties at ueni hasan .

The Law Commissions of England and Scotland in their joint Report on the Interpretation of Statutes in 1969 and the Renton Committee on the Preparation of Legislation both recognised that there was much to be said in principle for relaxing the rule but advised against a relaxation at present on the same practical grounds as are reflected in the authorities .
the law commissions of england and scotland in their joint report on the interpretation of statutes in 1969 and the renton committee on the preparation of legislation both recognised that there was much to be said in principle for relaxing the rule but advised against a relaxation at present on the same practical grounds as are [thought/showed] in the authorities .

Cathery reflected all Wilson 's sentiments on the treatment of Germans when the war was over in an election address to the people of Bootle , where he was a parliamentary candidate . ``
cathery [thought/showed] all wilson 's sentiments on the treatment of germans when the war was over in an election address to the people of bootle , where he was a parliamentary candidate . ``

These patterns are reflected in the occupational data .
these patterns are [thought/showed] in the occupational data .

This space thus contains all the elements of the assembly and can be reflected up the hierarchical structure to a level at which assemblies are being considered .
this space thus contains all the elements of the assembly and can be [thought/showed] up the hierarchical structure to a level at which assemblies are being considered .

Both of these are therefore reflected in the file as being attributes of the assembly and so are rolled up into the next hierarchical level .
both of these are therefore [thought/showed] in the file as being attributes of the assembly and so are rolled up into the next hierarchical level .

No details of attribute have been specified , so it could be considered as an external influence on the assembly , termed `` car sub-space `` , and thus be reflected further up the system .
no details of attribute have been specified , so it could be considered as an external influence on the assembly , termed `` car sub-space `` , and thus be [thought/showed] further up the system .

All drawing information is conventionally reflected both up and down the hierarchical tree .
all drawing information is conventionally [thought/showed] both up and down the hierarchical tree .

So whilst the intersections of logical spaces at an elemental level will allow the elemental functions to be maintained , these must be reflected back to the next higher level in the system to establish whether the required function of that assembly space has been achieved or corrupted .
so whilst the intersections of logical spaces at an elemental level will allow the elemental functions to be maintained , these must be [thought/showed] back to the next higher level in the system to establish whether the required function of that assembly space has been achieved or corrupted .

The elemental functions of intersection are thus reflected up as internal functions of space at the next level , with the result that the required characteristics of the system are specified in more and more detail as the assembly is decomposed into its constituent elements ( see Figure 3.5 ) .
the elemental functions of intersection are thus [thought/showed] up as internal functions of space at the next level , with the result that the required characteristics of the system are specified in more and more detail as the assembly is decomposed into its constituent elements ( see figure 3.5 ) .

The developed item itself is later reflected back into that assembly in order to check its relationship to all other components and also to allow the designer to ascertain whether the overall function of the assembly has been successfully provided .
the developed item itself is later [thought/showed] back into that assembly in order to check its relationship to all other components and also to allow the designer to ascertain whether the overall function of the assembly has been successfully provided .

At night , on a dark moon , lying on my raised sleeping-platform at coconut level , the stars are reflected in the paddies as strongly as if down was up , and half this universe dances round me as the mating fireflies move through the trees and the house .
at night , on a dark moon , lying on my raised sleeping-platform at coconut level , the stars are [thought/showed] in the paddies as strongly as if down was up , and half this universe dances round me as the mating fireflies move through the trees and the house .

The beetle 's ripples bounce off any object breaking the surface of the water , and the whirligig can avoid such obstacles by sensing the reflected ripples .
the beetle 's ripples bounce off any object breaking the surface of the water , and the whirligig can avoid such obstacles by sensing the [thought/showed] ripples .

When we view a scene , we are gaining an impression of our surroundings by the way in which light is absorbed or reflected from objects , but light is only part of a vast spectrum of electromagnetic waves .
when we view a scene , we are gaining an impression of our surroundings by the way in which light is absorbed or [thought/showed] from objects , but light is only part of a vast spectrum of electromagnetic waves .

The longer wavelengths reflected by , for example , the leaves of trees in autumn , appear to us as reds and oranges , while the shorter wavelengths which reach our eyes from the ocean we see as greens and blues .
the longer wavelengths [thought/showed] by , for example , the leaves of trees in autumn , appear to us as reds and oranges , while the shorter wavelengths which reach our eyes from the ocean we see as greens and blues .

Light entering the facets is reflected off the mirrors down to the light detectors , creating an extremely bright image .
light entering the facets is [thought/showed] off the mirrors down to the light detectors , creating an extremely bright image .

Today we use polarised sunglasses to cut out the dazzle of polarised light reflected from water and other bright surfaces .
today we use polarised sunglasses to cut out the dazzle of polarised light [thought/showed] from water and other bright surfaces .

Squid also inhabit deep water where the problem is not reflected light but the absence of light .
squid also inhabit deep water where the problem is not [thought/showed] light but the absence of light .

The pigments in the retina affect the colour of the reflected light , so a gazelle 's eyes emit green light , a cat 's eyes appear golden , while rabbits ' eyes glow bright red .
the pigments in the retina affect the colour of the [thought/showed] light , so a gazelle 's eyes emit green light , a cat 's eyes appear golden , while rabbits ' eyes glow bright red .

In fact , blind people sense objects by detecting the sounds reflected off them , particularly the sounds of footsteps .
in fact , blind people sense objects by detecting the sounds [thought/showed] off them , particularly the sounds of footsteps .

Moonbeams are not the moon 's own light , but the sun 's rays reflected off the side of the moon facing the sun .
moonbeams are not the moon 's own light , but the sun 's rays [thought/showed] off the side of the moon facing the sun .

The shapes on each side of the line are the same now , but we have two reflected figures .
the shapes on each side of the line are the same now , but we have two [thought/showed] figures .

List the following table of points to be plotted on the right side of the graph , then complete the table of points for the reflected figure and draw it .
list the following table of points to be plotted on the right side of the graph , then complete the table of points for the [thought/showed] figure and draw it .

From beneath the hat poked various sheep-like curls of iron-grey soft hair , with a purplish cast , perhaps simply a glow reflected from the shining expanse of floral artificial silk below .
from beneath the hat poked various sheep-like curls of iron-grey soft hair , with a purplish cast , perhaps simply a glow [thought/showed] from the shining expanse of floral artificial silk below .

He sat on a chair facing the desk and did not look at Mr Rose , though he did from time to time tilt his head to measure the angled slices of building and reflected light arranged by the blind .
he sat on a chair facing the desk and did not look at mr rose , though he did from time to time tilt his head to measure the angled slices of building and [thought/showed] light arranged by the blind .

He rode a moment , and then dived into the shifting , opaque water , which ran away from him in rays , like jewels flashing , opals you might call them , emeralds , lapis , rubies , sapphires , as Van Gogh had said of the stars reflected in that same sea in June 1888 .
he rode a moment , and then dived into the shifting , opaque water , which ran away from him in rays , like jewels flashing , opals you might call them , emeralds , lapis , rubies , sapphires , as van gogh had said of the stars [thought/showed] in that same sea in june 1888 .

These reflected the extraordinary complexity of the political situation which had developed in Yugoslavia during the years of the German occupation , when different ethnic , religious and political groups had formed shifting alliances , according to whether their main enemy at any time had seemed to be the occupying Germans or Tito 's partisans working to establish a Socialist state in post-war Yugoslavia .
these [thought/showed] the extraordinary complexity of the political situation which had developed in yugoslavia during the years of the german occupation , when different ethnic , religious and political groups had formed shifting alliances , according to whether their main enemy at any time had seemed to be the occupying germans or tito 's partisans working to establish a socialist state in post-war yugoslavia .

This again reflected the earlier position , in that `` No Yugoslavs `` were to be returned `` against their will `` .
this again [thought/showed] the earlier position , in that `` no yugoslavs `` were to be returned `` against their will `` .

Long-term contracts are assessed on a contract by contract basis and are reflected in the profit and loss account by recording turnover and related costs as contract activity progresses .
long-term contracts are assessed on a contract by contract basis and are [thought/showed] in the profit and loss account by recording turnover and related costs as contract activity progresses .

Nor was there any significant difference in direction of gaze for the two types of questions unless specific items were picked out which apparently reflected most clearly the verbal-spatial distinction .
nor was there any significant difference in direction of gaze for the two types of questions unless specific items were picked out which apparently [thought/showed] most clearly the verbal-spatial distinction .

These are known as laser discs because the signal is read by a laser beam which decodes variations in reflected light imprinted on the disc .
these are known as laser discs because the signal is read by a laser beam which decodes variations in [thought/showed] light imprinted on the disc .

There seemed no reason why he should have known any English , Joseph reflected as they drove on and concluded in his own mind that the wary-eyed Annamese probably had n't understood the earlier conversation .
there seemed no reason why he should have known any english , joseph [thought/showed] as they drove on and concluded in his own mind that the wary-eyed annamese probably had n't understood the earlier conversation .

In the reflected light of the fire he saw the silhouette of an entirely naked Moi female kneeling at his side , and as he watched , her hands began working rhythmically at some unseen task .
in the [thought/showed] light of the fire he saw the silhouette of an entirely naked moi female kneeling at his side , and as he watched , her hands began working rhythmically at some unseen task .

But at least if his mother could tell , he reflected , she had not made any sign .
but at least if his mother could tell , he [thought/showed] , she had not made any sign .

Outside , all the foremost mandarins of the court were already assembled in lines that reflected their rank .
outside , all the foremost mandarins of the court were already assembled in lines that [thought/showed] their rank .

By day their sunken , listless eyes reflected the depth of an inner misery that would have been unthinkable to the exuberant youths of 1925 .
by day their sunken , listless eyes [thought/showed] the depth of an inner misery that would have been unthinkable to the exuberant youths of 1925 .

Lat searched his own eyes and saw reflected there the mingled emotions that haunted his mind .
lat searched his own eyes and saw [thought/showed] there the mingled emotions that haunted his mind .

Written nearly eighty years before as marauding French forces seized their first tracts of territory in Cochin-China , they reflected his own deep conviction , derived from a totally different experience , in the ultimate supremacy of the spirit of man .
written nearly eighty years before as marauding french forces seized their first tracts of territory in cochin-china , they [thought/showed] his own deep conviction , derived from a totally different experience , in the ultimate supremacy of the spirit of man .

The similarity of this system to the Lorenz equations is reflected in the shape of its strange attractor , shown in Figs 2.7 and 2.8 .
the similarity of this system to the lorenz equations is [thought/showed] in the shape of its strange attractor , shown in figs 2.7 and 2.8 .

This sensitivity to initial conditions ( or instability for small lateral displacements ) is reflected by the single positive Lyapunov exponent of a strange attractor of a three-dimensional system .
this sensitivity to initial conditions ( or instability for small lateral displacements ) is [thought/showed] by the single positive lyapunov exponent of a strange attractor of a three-dimensional system .

There remained differences , however , between the industrial and agricultural sectors of European society , and these differences were most clearly reflected in the bourgeois advocacy of free trade and the aristocratic demand for tariffs .
there remained differences , however , between the industrial and agricultural sectors of european society , and these differences were most clearly [thought/showed] in the bourgeois advocacy of free trade and the aristocratic demand for tariffs .

reflected econ .
[thought/showed] econ .

Despite his good intentions , and despite the more rational management principles and institutions introduced by Speranskii , the actual administration of Siberia , the manner of its economic exploitation , the low levels of popular enlightenment , the permanently suppurating sore of the exile system , the treatment of the native population — which still ranged from the paternalistic to the spasmodically genocidal — and the survival of traditional ‘ imperialist ’ attitudes in St Petersburg , meant that in practice the old core-periphery , metropolis-frontier relationships still remained in force , and Siberia continued to be treated and governed in a manner which reflected its original quasi-colonial status .
despite his good intentions , and despite the more rational management principles and institutions introduced by speranskii , the actual administration of siberia , the manner of its economic exploitation , the low levels of popular enlightenment , the permanently suppurating sore of the exile system , the treatment of the native population — which still ranged from the paternalistic to the spasmodically genocidal — and the survival of traditional ‘ imperialist ’ attitudes in st petersburg , meant that in practice the old core-periphery , metropolis-frontier relationships still remained in force , and siberia continued to be treated and governed in a manner which [thought/showed] its original quasi-colonial status .

In his contribution to the present volume , the distinguished Soviet historian , Leonid Goryushkin , has added fresh insights to the body of literature on nineteenth and early twentieth-century peasant migration patterns by demonstrating how these reflected the fluctuating social , economic and political policies of the late tsarist regime and by analysing their impact on the agrarian economy and village industries of Siberia in the decades before the first World War .
in his contribution to the present volume , the distinguished soviet historian , leonid goryushkin , has added fresh insights to the body of literature on nineteenth and early twentieth-century peasant migration patterns by demonstrating how these [thought/showed] the fluctuating social , economic and political policies of the late tsarist regime and by analysing their impact on the agrarian economy and village industries of siberia in the decades before the first world war .

The linguistic complexity of Siberia reflected its ethnic variety .
the linguistic complexity of siberia [thought/showed] its ethnic variety .

Their costume reflected Mongolian and Chinese affinities , with coats always wrapped over to the right , having a band of decoration down the right edge , and soft leathern thick-soled boots .
their costume [thought/showed] mongolian and chinese affinities , with coats always wrapped over to the right , having a band of decoration down the right edge , and soft leathern thick-soled boots .

For front projection , the projector is still threaded up reversing left and right , as in rear projection ( it is put in the ‘ wrong ’ way round in order to come out correct in the final composite ) ; but instead of being behind a translucent screen it s in front of , and to one side of , a glass beaded screen which reflects nearly 100 per cent of the light falling on it but on y in the direction from which it came Though the projector is at 90° to the camera-screen axis and its beam is therefore initially parallel to the plane of the screen , passing in front of the actors in the foreground this beam is deflected by a half-silvered mirror at an angle of 45° to the beam This semi-transparent mirror is coated at the front ( unlike normal mirrors , coated behind the glass ) with a very thin layer of aluminium — silver tarnishes too easily Alternatively , the layer of aluminium may be spattered on , so that tiny reflective spots of metal are interspersed with tiny transparent gaps So , although it reflects the beam , the camera can photograph both the action and the reflection from the screen through the mirror Though the mirror reflects the still or moving image from the projector on to the actors and any foreground props or sets as well as on to the screen , the level of illumination of the image is much less than that on the actors , so the camera records only that part of the image reflected from the screen .
for front projection , the projector is still threaded up reversing left and right , as in rear projection ( it is put in the ‘ wrong ’ way round in order to come out correct in the final composite ) ; but instead of being behind a translucent screen it s in front of , and to one side of , a glass beaded screen which reflects nearly 100 per cent of the light falling on it but on y in the direction from which it came though the projector is at 90° to the camera-screen axis and its beam is therefore initially parallel to the plane of the screen , passing in front of the actors in the foreground this beam is deflected by a half-silvered mirror at an angle of 45° to the beam this semi-transparent mirror is coated at the front ( unlike normal mirrors , coated behind the glass ) with a very thin layer of aluminium — silver tarnishes too easily alternatively , the layer of aluminium may be spattered on , so that tiny reflective spots of metal are interspersed with tiny transparent gaps so , although it reflects the beam , the camera can photograph both the action and the reflection from the screen through the mirror though the mirror reflects the still or moving image from the projector on to the actors and any foreground props or sets as well as on to the screen , the level of illumination of the image is much less than that on the actors , so the camera records only that part of the image [thought/showed] from the screen .

These dominant ideas become reflected in the concrete features of the social structure , giving them legitimacy and reproducing them .
these dominant ideas become [thought/showed] in the concrete features of the social structure , giving them legitimacy and reproducing them .

By the late 1970s CBHPs had already adopted a structural approach that recognized that the health situation in the country reflected its social , economic and political situation and the need for empowerment to challenge these structures .
by the late 1970s cbhps had already adopted a structural approach that recognized that the health situation in the country [thought/showed] its social , economic and political situation and the need for empowerment to challenge these structures .

The programme is structured in such a way that on-going evaluation is simple and results can be reflected on from time to time by the Family Development Nurse and Community Mother so that the monthly visit to the family which is the main focus of the programme for achieving goals can be adapted to each family 's level and the issues that are discussed are relevant , nonjudgemental , and supportive of the parents ' own ideas and recognises the parents ' desire to do what is best for their children .
the programme is structured in such a way that on-going evaluation is simple and results can be [thought/showed] on from time to time by the family development nurse and community mother so that the monthly visit to the family which is the main focus of the programme for achieving goals can be adapted to each family 's level and the issues that are discussed are relevant , nonjudgemental , and supportive of the parents ' own ideas and recognises the parents ' desire to do what is best for their children .

The red clock from the bedroom reflected in the dressing-room mirror , at an interesting , an unlikely angle .
the red clock from the bedroom [thought/showed] in the dressing-room mirror , at an interesting , an unlikely angle .

And still that mystery in the front room continued , reflected Shirley on New Year 's Eve 1979 , as she examined the handsome features of the dangerous Queen of Spades , and wondered if the King had come out in the deal .
and still that mystery in the front room continued , [thought/showed] shirley on new year 's eve 1979 , as she examined the handsome features of the dangerous queen of spades , and wondered if the king had come out in the deal .

In particular , the relations of production are reflected and reproduced in the various institutions , values and beliefs that make up the superstructure .
in particular , the relations of production are [thought/showed] and reproduced in the various institutions , values and beliefs that make up the superstructure .

Therefore the dominance of the ruling class in the relations of production will be reflected in the superstructure .
therefore the dominance of the ruling class in the relations of production will be [thought/showed] in the superstructure .

These differences of interest are reflected in the tension , distrust and conflict which is often evident between social workers and clients , managers and workers , and teachers and students .
these differences of interest are [thought/showed] in the tension , distrust and conflict which is often evident between social workers and clients , managers and workers , and teachers and students .

Since the task seemed enormous , as it indeed was , they endowed the feeble human with supernatural powers , and artists of the period reflected this philosophy by glamourising the general public and monumentalising the heroes of the daily toil .
since the task seemed enormous , as it indeed was , they endowed the feeble human with supernatural powers , and artists of the period [thought/showed] this philosophy by glamourising the general public and monumentalising the heroes of the daily toil .

Again , if the laws governing reflection are true , then ab , must be reflected along bc , and ab ' along b ' c ' .
again , if the laws governing reflection are true , then ab , must be [thought/showed] along bc , and ab ' along b ' c ' .

When a ray of light is reflected from a plane mirror , the angle of incidence is equal to the angle of reflection .
when a ray of light is [thought/showed] from a plane mirror , the angle of incidence is equal to the angle of reflection .

Eleusis ' importance is reflected in the honours she confers , like a miniature polis : in Syll 1094 ( cp .
eleusis ' importance is [thought/showed] in the honours she confers , like a miniature polis : in syll 1094 ( cp .

The defendants applied to strike out the statement of claim of the local authority on a preliminary issue on the grounds that the authority could not maintain an action in libel for words which reflected on it in relation to its governmental and administrative functions and that the statement of claim disclosed no cause of action .
the defendants applied to strike out the statement of claim of the local authority on a preliminary issue on the grounds that the authority could not maintain an action in libel for words which [thought/showed] on it in relation to its governmental and administrative functions and that the statement of claim disclosed no cause of action .

On the preliminary issue the judge dismissed the application holding that a local authority could sue for libel in respect of its governing or administrative reputation even though no financial loss was pleaded or alleged , that where a local authority instituted proceedings in reliance on section 222(1) of the Local Government Act 1972 it was for the local authority to decide on the expediency of litigating and it was not the court 's function to do so on an application to strike out , and that since the words complained of reflected on the local authority itself in the management and rectitude of its financial affairs , the statement of claim did disclose a cause of action against the defendants .
on the preliminary issue the judge dismissed the application holding that a local authority could sue for libel in respect of its governing or administrative reputation even though no financial loss was pleaded or alleged , that where a local authority instituted proceedings in reliance on section 222(1) of the local government act 1972 it was for the local authority to decide on the expediency of litigating and it was not the court 's function to do so on an application to strike out , and that since the words complained of [thought/showed] on the local authority itself in the management and rectitude of its financial affairs , the statement of claim did disclose a cause of action against the defendants .

By order of Master Miller dated 2 November 1990 the following point of law was ordered to be tried as a preliminary point before the trial of the action , namely whether the council could maintain an action for libel for any words which reflected upon the council as the county council for Derbyshire in relation to its governmental and administrative functions in Derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund , and whether , if not , the statement of claim disclosed a cause of action .
by order of master miller dated 2 november 1990 the following point of law was ordered to be tried as a preliminary point before the trial of the action , namely whether the council could maintain an action for libel for any words which [thought/showed] upon the council as the county council for derbyshire in relation to its governmental and administrative functions in derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund , and whether , if not , the statement of claim disclosed a cause of action .

at all still reflected the overall differences between races — Blacks being least favourable , Asians most favourable , with Whites being sometimes closer to Blacks and sometimes closer to Asians .
at all still [thought/showed] the overall differences between races — blacks being least favourable , asians most favourable , with whites being sometimes closer to blacks and sometimes closer to asians .

This ‘ problem ’ reflected the increased power of the shop stewards movement in a macroeconomic context of sustained relatively full employment and an industrial context of increased concentration of labour in the mass production of standardised commodities , and was probably exacerbated by the restriction of real wages over the late '60s : it was by no means unique to Britain .
this ‘ problem ’ [thought/showed] the increased power of the shop stewards movement in a macroeconomic context of sustained relatively full employment and an industrial context of increased concentration of labour in the mass production of standardised commodities , and was probably exacerbated by the restriction of real wages over the late '60s : it was by no means unique to britain .

This shift went well beyond the general decline of the traditional working class in the electorate ( discussed below ) and reflected the increasing selection of ‘ more educated candidates ’ with ‘ administrative aptitudes ’ under the conditions of electoral competition , and within the dominant technocratic conception of politics , which had held sway since the rise of ‘ Butskellism ’ in the mid '50s .
this shift went well beyond the general decline of the traditional working class in the electorate ( discussed below ) and [thought/showed] the increasing selection of ‘ more educated candidates ’ with ‘ administrative aptitudes ’ under the conditions of electoral competition , and within the dominant technocratic conception of politics , which had held sway since the rise of ‘ butskellism ’ in the mid '50s .

From 1960 onwards the relative decline reflected a slower growth of employment in the ‘ growth industries ’ and an accelerating decline of the ‘ traditional ’ industries .
from 1960 onwards the relative decline [thought/showed] a slower growth of employment in the ‘ growth industries ’ and an accelerating decline of the ‘ traditional ’ industries .

This ratio is reflected in the exhibits at the Tate Gallery and , although the rarity of female nudes by women artists is remarked upon , the implications of these statistics are entirely ignored .
this ratio is [thought/showed] in the exhibits at the tate gallery and , although the rarity of female nudes by women artists is remarked upon , the implications of these statistics are entirely ignored .

The social and political conservatism of a stable community — reflected in the harsh punishments for illegitimate children and the cows at funerals , which survived until the twenties of this century — does not imply economic inadaptability .
the social and political conservatism of a stable community — [thought/showed] in the harsh punishments for illegitimate children and the cows at funerals , which survived until the twenties of this century — does not imply economic inadaptability .

This poverty was supposedly reflected in the highest illegitimacy rate in the country .
this poverty was supposedly [thought/showed] in the highest illegitimacy rate in the country .

Prosperity and rising prices were reflected in new building in the towns and in a rapidly rising population — only in the rice regions did public prosperity impair public health .
prosperity and rising prices were [thought/showed] in new building in the towns and in a rapidly rising population — only in the rice regions did public prosperity impair public health .

Yet this great growth and the consequent diminution of the size of holdings until a ‘ large ’ farm was two acres , meant that labour was getting less productive — a phenomenon reflected in the huge difference in price between land with and land without vacant possession .
yet this great growth and the consequent diminution of the size of holdings until a ‘ large ’ farm was two acres , meant that labour was getting less productive — a phenomenon [thought/showed] in the huge difference in price between land with and land without vacant possession .

The urban improvements — town halls , paved streets — of the late eighteenth century reflected prosperity and local patriotism .
the urban improvements — town halls , paved streets — of the late eighteenth century [thought/showed] prosperity and local patriotism .

The explanation of this instability lies in bankruptcy , which in turn reflected the post-war depression , deepened by a restrictive monetary policy .
the explanation of this instability lies in bankruptcy , which in turn [thought/showed] the post-war depression , deepened by a restrictive monetary policy .

Its high status is reflected in the fact that though useless for industry it was nevertheless extensively traded both in Europe and the Far East .
its high status is [thought/showed] in the fact that though useless for industry it was nevertheless extensively traded both in europe and the far east .

In recent times the market reflected strong regional preferences .
in recent times the market [thought/showed] strong regional preferences .

This was duly reflected in the jade inventory .
this was duly [thought/showed] in the jade inventory .

The increasing growth of bureaucracy in Chinese society under later dynasties was reflected in the multiplication of jade artefacts to meet the particular needs of scholar administrators .
the increasing growth of bureaucracy in chinese society under later dynasties was [thought/showed] in the multiplication of jade artefacts to meet the particular needs of scholar administrators .

The royal regalia have above all reflected and symbolized the extension of the Empire to embrace territories rich in diamonds .
the royal regalia have above all [thought/showed] and symbolized the extension of the empire to embrace territories rich in diamonds .

The domination of the liberal view was reflected in the relatively narrow range of sources on which western scholars worked .
the domination of the liberal view was [thought/showed] in the relatively narrow range of sources on which western scholars worked .

They have explored the extent to which they reflected mass aspirations and their role in the political outcome of the revolution .
they have explored the extent to which they [thought/showed] mass aspirations and their role in the political outcome of the revolution .

But the increasing discipline and class consciousness of the workers was reflected in the mounting ascendancy which the Bolsheviks achieved over the Mensheviks , SRs and non-party activists .
but the increasing discipline and class consciousness of the workers was [thought/showed] in the mounting ascendancy which the bolsheviks achieved over the mensheviks , srs and non-party activists .

The increase in the size , wealth , sophistication and security of the educated public was reflected in a more diversified and self-confident public life .
the increase in the size , wealth , sophistication and security of the educated public was [thought/showed] in a more diversified and self-confident public life .

But the failure reflected , too , the host of divisions — economic , regional , ethnic and cultural — that fractured the middle classes .
but the failure [thought/showed] , too , the host of divisions — economic , regional , ethnic and cultural — that fractured the middle classes .

It directly reflected Russia 's social development .
it directly [thought/showed] russia 's social development .

The strategy developed by the revolutionary populists reflected the same mixture of heroic struggle for the peasantry 's cause and utopian illusions .
the strategy developed by the revolutionary populists [thought/showed] the same mixture of heroic struggle for the peasantry 's cause and utopian illusions .

Their revolutionary strategies and organizations reflected not their leadership of popular protest but a near-total isolation which led them to resort to conspiracy and manipulation .
their revolutionary strategies and organizations [thought/showed] not their leadership of popular protest but a near-total isolation which led them to resort to conspiracy and manipulation .

This was reflected in their strategy .
this was [thought/showed] in their strategy .

The focus of this research has reflected growing awareness that preoccupation with a handful of leading figures may create a distorted picture ; that Chernyshevsky , Plekhanov and Lenin may not be typical in terms of social background , personality or motivation ; that both their own ideological development and that of the rank and file must be more firmly located in its social context ; that the schemes and blueprints drawn up by leaders — and the criticisms hurled by their rivals — may be a poor guide to how the revolutionary parties actually functioned .
the focus of this research has [thought/showed] growing awareness that preoccupation with a handful of leading figures may create a distorted picture ; that chernyshevsky , plekhanov and lenin may not be typical in terms of social background , personality or motivation ; that both their own ideological development and that of the rank and file must be more firmly located in its social context ; that the schemes and blueprints drawn up by leaders — and the criticisms hurled by their rivals — may be a poor guide to how the revolutionary parties actually functioned .

Scarcely more satisfactory is the Soviet view that the emergence of a significant minority of committed radicals among the intelligentsia reflected the changing social origins of the student body .
scarcely more satisfactory is the soviet view that the emergence of a significant minority of committed radicals among the intelligentsia [thought/showed] the changing social origins of the student body .

In analysing the ideology of the underground , recent work has underlined the extent to which it reflected social change and popular pressure within Russia .
in analysing the ideology of the underground , recent work has underlined the extent to which it [thought/showed] social change and popular pressure within russia .

The more closely the dynamics behind mass unrest are examined , the clearer it becomes that mass political militancy was generated from below rather than whipped up from above , and that ‘ intelligentsia initiative was successful only when it reflected … basic popular impulse .
the more closely the dynamics behind mass unrest are examined , the clearer it becomes that mass political militancy was generated from below rather than whipped up from above , and that ‘ intelligentsia initiative was successful only when it [thought/showed] … basic popular impulse .

Patterns of light , reflected by the river dance along the base of the cliffs — ‘ canyon television ’ .
patterns of light , [thought/showed] by the river dance along the base of the cliffs — ‘ canyon television ’ .

The main sentencing aims reflected in the tariff are those of general deterrence , retribution and , possibly , denunciation .
the main sentencing aims [thought/showed] in the tariff are those of general deterrence , retribution and , possibly , denunciation .

At least , he reflected , his men would be thankful for an enemy whom they could see , and who would n't disappear into thin air .
at least , he [thought/showed] , his men would be thankful for an enemy whom they could see , and who would n't disappear into thin air .

His features reflected the grim thoughts that filled his mind , eyes flicking only briefly to right or left , secure in the knowledge that the path would be fairly safe until nightfall .
his features [thought/showed] the grim thoughts that filled his mind , eyes flicking only briefly to right or left , secure in the knowledge that the path would be fairly safe until nightfall .

That , he reflected , was what happened when the Navy was persuaded to hand over operational as well as administrative control of a ship to a pack of civilians .
that , he [thought/showed] , was what happened when the navy was persuaded to hand over operational as well as administrative control of a ship to a pack of civilians .

Not for the first time , Rostov reflected that the situation was the typical result of the Imperial bureaucracy 's solution to any conflict of interest between the Civil Service and the Navy Board .
not for the first time , rostov [thought/showed] that the situation was the typical result of the imperial bureaucracy 's solution to any conflict of interest between the civil service and the navy board .

He reflected that he would be glad when the Simonova reached her destination .
he [thought/showed] that he would be glad when the simonova reached her destination .

It was perfectly featureless and reflected none of the light which was being directed on to its surface .
it was perfectly featureless and [thought/showed] none of the light which was being directed on to its surface .

Rostov rocked back to sit on his heels and the gold on the floor reflected his face , distorting it so that it was not recognisable .
rostov rocked back to sit on his heels and the gold on the floor [thought/showed] his face , distorting it so that it was not recognisable .

Harry was not like Pogo , she reflected .
harry was not like pogo , she [thought/showed] .

It was probably a very good thing in far more ways than one , Harry reflected , that Aubrey would be living with them here at the farm for several months .
it was probably a very good thing in far more ways than one , harry [thought/showed] , that aubrey would be living with them here at the farm for several months .

The lack of dividends is reflected in the no-arbitrage condition , while the absence of voting rights is not .
the lack of dividends is [thought/showed] in the no-arbitrage condition , while the absence of voting rights is not .

Therefore , the introduction of futures will increase the amount of information reflected in the spot price .
therefore , the introduction of futures will increase the amount of information [thought/showed] in the spot price .

The result is the same as for Cox , that is , that the introduction of a futures market increases the amount of information reflected in the spot price .
the result is the same as for cox , that is , that the introduction of a futures market increases the amount of information [thought/showed] in the spot price .

There do not appear to have been any empirical studies which have looked for an increase in the amount of information reflected in share prices as a result of the commencement of trading in index futures ( except in so far as volatility reflects information ; see Chapter 13 ) .
there do not appear to have been any empirical studies which have looked for an increase in the amount of information [thought/showed] in share prices as a result of the commencement of trading in index futures ( except in so far as volatility reflects information ; see chapter 13 ) .

The closure of the antiquarian business in Bristol was part of this realignment , and was reflected in the 1992 accounts .
the closure of the antiquarian business in bristol was part of this realignment , and was [thought/showed] in the 1992 accounts .

Michael Morpurgo , speaking as an ex-teacher as well as an author , supported Mr Rosen with a series of vehement statements which reflected a passionate commitment to the independence of teachers to choose books that were right for them and for their pupils .
michael morpurgo , speaking as an ex-teacher as well as an author , supported mr rosen with a series of vehement statements which [thought/showed] a passionate commitment to the independence of teachers to choose books that were right for them and for their pupils .

Sometimes the political ambivalence about a policy is reflected not so much in the policy itself as in the constraints that are set upon the implementation process .
sometimes the political ambivalence about a policy is [thought/showed] not so much in the policy itself as in the constraints that are set upon the implementation process .

The White Paper proposals reflected the magistrates ' views that the 1969 act was too soft on young offenders .
the white paper proposals [thought/showed] the magistrates ' views that the 1969 act was too soft on young offenders .

This reflected in part a widespread criticism of psychiatry as paternalistic and socially controlling and a growing interest in the civil tights of under-privileged groups .
this [thought/showed] in part a widespread criticism of psychiatry as paternalistic and socially controlling and a growing interest in the civil tights of under-privileged groups .

Measures to deal with problems did not always meet the underlying needs : sometimes they ignored them , sometimes they reflected total ignorance of them .
measures to deal with problems did not always meet the underlying needs : sometimes they ignored them , sometimes they [thought/showed] total ignorance of them .

Comfort was Comfort , he reflected , and no one had ever been able to change her .
comfort was comfort , he [thought/showed] , and no one had ever been able to change her .

However , throughout 1943–87 men who had never married were at increased risk of anal cancer compared with colon or stomach cancer , Previous studies have reported an association between men who had never married and anal cancer and argued that these findings reflected an association with male homosexuality .
however , throughout 1943–87 men who had never married were at increased risk of anal cancer compared with colon or stomach cancer , previous studies have reported an association between men who had never married and anal cancer and argued that these findings [thought/showed] an association with male homosexuality .

By contrast babies born after 40 weeks ' gestation had raised death rates from non-cardiovascular causes , reflected in higher rates from all causes combined .
by contrast babies born after 40 weeks ' gestation had raised death rates from non-cardiovascular causes , [thought/showed] in higher rates from all causes combined .

He put a hand to his cheek and saw Angie 's reflected image float up and drift towards him from the garden .
he put a hand to his cheek and saw angie 's [thought/showed] image float up and drift towards him from the garden .

By contrast , the husbands , irrespective of their employment status , nearly always had some ‘ pocket money ’ ( although the sum may have been reduced ) which reflected their control over the family finances .
by contrast , the husbands , irrespective of their employment status , nearly always had some ‘ pocket money ’ ( although the sum may have been reduced ) which [thought/showed] their control over the family finances .

This distorted access to resources in youth and middle age — institutionalised in segregative and discriminatory employment and other social policies as well as in the domestic division of labour — is reflected , in due course , in the relative disadvantage of women in old age .
this distorted access to resources in youth and middle age — institutionalised in segregative and discriminatory employment and other social policies as well as in the domestic division of labour — is [thought/showed] , in due course , in the relative disadvantage of women in old age .

The eventual pensions received by women who participated in these inter-war schemes would have reflected their low and unequal pay as well as conditions of service which typically required women to retire much earlier than men , especially in private sector employment .
the eventual pensions received by women who participated in these inter-war schemes would have [thought/showed] their low and unequal pay as well as conditions of service which typically required women to retire much earlier than men , especially in private sector employment .

‘ Are the lists inspired by literary considerations at all , or governed by something more sinister ? It is hard not to wonder when , in ignoring the best writing for children , they are denying the existence of the multicultural and non-sexist fiction which has reflected the changes in society over the last 20 years . ’
‘ are the lists inspired by literary considerations at all , or governed by something more sinister ? it is hard not to wonder when , in ignoring the best writing for children , they are denying the existence of the multicultural and non-sexist fiction which has [thought/showed] the changes in society over the last 20 years . ’

Applying ink to the page filters out certain colours , and you only see those reflected .
applying ink to the page filters out certain colours , and you only see those [thought/showed] .

In theory , printing yellow , cyan and magenta produces black because no colour is reflected ; in practice , it 's a green-black .
in theory , printing yellow , cyan and magenta produces black because no colour is [thought/showed] ; in practice , it 's a green-black .

McAfee 's programming origins are reflected in the rather terse style of his programs .
mcafee 's programming origins are [thought/showed] in the rather terse style of his programs .

In the total population the degree of dental debris and calculus , as reflected in the oral hygiene index , was a stronger risk factor for coronary heart disease than was the severity of periodontal disease .
in the total population the degree of dental debris and calculus , as [thought/showed] in the oral hygiene index , was a stronger risk factor for coronary heart disease than was the severity of periodontal disease .

They were unable to determine whether this risk profile reflected cultural inheritance or difficulty in becoming pregnant .
they were unable to determine whether this risk profile [thought/showed] cultural inheritance or difficulty in becoming pregnant .

The Resolutions passed by this Congress reflected the new mood and strength of feeling of the delegates , as the following illustrations show : This Congress orders that the British Deaf Association takes a lead in pressurising for new government legislation which would absolutely guarantee the right of deaf people to sign language interpreting services as part of the statutory provision .
the resolutions passed by this congress [thought/showed] the new mood and strength of feeling of the delegates , as the following illustrations show : this congress orders that the british deaf association takes a lead in pressurising for new government legislation which would absolutely guarantee the right of deaf people to sign language interpreting services as part of the statutory provision .

The tense relationship that Nizan discovered in Soviet society between alienating metaphysical anguish and political struggle and social construction is clearly reflected in his writings of this phase .
the tense relationship that nizan discovered in soviet society between alienating metaphysical anguish and political struggle and social construction is clearly [thought/showed] in his writings of this phase .

Nizan 's rehabilitation in 1960 had been made possible by a gradual evolution in the political and ideological climate in France , itself reflected in Sartre 's own intellectual itinerary .
nizan 's rehabilitation in 1960 had been made possible by a gradual evolution in the political and ideological climate in france , itself [thought/showed] in sartre 's own intellectual itinerary .

His novels , unlike other aspects of his literary production , span the full period of his adult writing career and constitute a global critical mirror in which are reflected , distorted , concealed and exaggerated the social , political and metaphysical problems of this particular historical period .
his novels , unlike other aspects of his literary production , span the full period of his adult writing career and constitute a global critical mirror in which are [thought/showed] , distorted , concealed and exaggerated the social , political and metaphysical problems of this particular historical period .

It is consequently immediately apparent that the central problematic in Nizan 's first novel is the tension between ideology and metaphysics as reflected in the configuration of communist and existential discourses within the text itself .
it is consequently immediately apparent that the central problematic in nizan 's first novel is the tension between ideology and metaphysics as [thought/showed] in the configuration of communist and existential discourses within the text itself .

Firstly , in my setting could the interventions listed be applied with the same likely success as in the time period and setting reflected in the league table ?
firstly , in my setting could the interventions listed be applied with the same likely success as in the time period and setting [thought/showed] in the league table ?

It must , of course , be responsive to the strategic imperatives of both purchasers and central government , and this is reflected in the annual business plan submitted to purchasers for approval and funding .
it must , of course , be responsive to the strategic imperatives of both purchasers and central government , and this is [thought/showed] in the annual business plan submitted to purchasers for approval and funding .

This development is in part a response to the rapidly growing demand for psychogeriatric services as a result of demographic trends , and in part to an acknowledgment that the multidisciplinary nature of these services needs to be fully reflected in the way they are managed and delivered .
this development is in part a response to the rapidly growing demand for psychogeriatric services as a result of demographic trends , and in part to an acknowledgment that the multidisciplinary nature of these services needs to be fully [thought/showed] in the way they are managed and delivered .

As districts merge and form larger purchasing organisations and the overall variability between health authorities is reduced due to averaging , so increasing amounts of the variation will be contained within authorities and therefore beyond the reach of resource allocation formulas despite the devolution reflected in locality planning .
as districts merge and form larger purchasing organisations and the overall variability between health authorities is reduced due to averaging , so increasing amounts of the variation will be contained within authorities and therefore beyond the reach of resource allocation formulas despite the devolution [thought/showed] in locality planning .

The importance of advocacy in mental health services has been emphasised by the government and this has been reflected in a growth in advocacy projects such as patients ' councils and schemes for individual advocates in hospitals .
the importance of advocacy in mental health services has been emphasised by the government and this has been [thought/showed] in a growth in advocacy projects such as patients ' councils and schemes for individual advocates in hospitals .

’ The extent to which women thought that they were informed , however , was not reflected in the answers to a question about which disorders this blood sample was tested for ( table ) .
’ the extent to which women thought that they were informed , however , was not [thought/showed] in the answers to a question about which disorders this blood sample was tested for ( table ) .

As the Moscow conference opened , US-Soviet tension was also reflected in a major statement by Truman which had its roots in events in the Near East , traditionally an area of Anglo-Soviet rivalry .
as the moscow conference opened , us-soviet tension was also [thought/showed] in a major statement by truman which had its roots in events in the near east , traditionally an area of anglo-soviet rivalry .

Although infra-red light is invisible to the human eye , it can be detected by special photographic film ; in general , the amount of infra-red light reflected from a plant depends on its ripeness , so that infra-red photographs can produce good-contrast images of crop marks that may be hardly visible on ordinary photographic film or to the eye .
although infra-red light is invisible to the human eye , it can be detected by special photographic film ; in general , the amount of infra-red light [thought/showed] from a plant depends on its ripeness , so that infra-red photographs can produce good-contrast images of crop marks that may be hardly visible on ordinary photographic film or to the eye .

At a time when fashion , like much British culture , reflected predominantly middle-class values , and to escape these students were tapering their trousers and doing everything they could to make dull clothes more interesting , Minton 's stylish Bohemianism was much admired : he pioneered a taste for donkey jackets and had a flair for combining well-cut cast-offs and bow ties with eccentric items bought from Carnaby Street which had not yet become fashionable .
at a time when fashion , like much british culture , [thought/showed] predominantly middle-class values , and to escape these students were tapering their trousers and doing everything they could to make dull clothes more interesting , minton 's stylish bohemianism was much admired : he pioneered a taste for donkey jackets and had a flair for combining well-cut cast-offs and bow ties with eccentric items bought from carnaby street which had not yet become fashionable .

In imitation of Velasquez , Minton shows himself at his easel reflected in the mirror behind .
in imitation of velasquez , minton shows himself at his easel [thought/showed] in the mirror behind .

With hindsight , it was obvious that teachers whose practice reflected these aims would be seeking strategies for encouraging collaboration which allowed room for spontaneous , child-initiated ( as well as teacher-led ) collaborative activity .
with hindsight , it was obvious that teachers whose practice [thought/showed] these aims would be seeking strategies for encouraging collaboration which allowed room for spontaneous , child-initiated ( as well as teacher-led ) collaborative activity .

The pupils had obviously reflected upon their experience because this session was much more successful with more searching and carefully worded questions .
the pupils had obviously [thought/showed] upon their experience because this session was much more successful with more searching and carefully worded questions .

Paul is a child subject to terrifying tantrums , and this behaviour is , needless to say , unwelcome in all the main places where he lives : home , the games field , the classroom … Paul is a child with a severe emotional special need , and here poetry breaks into his life and satisfies that need for as long as the poem takes , both to be written and to be reflected on .
paul is a child subject to terrifying tantrums , and this behaviour is , needless to say , unwelcome in all the main places where he lives : home , the games field , the classroom … paul is a child with a severe emotional special need , and here poetry breaks into his life and satisfies that need for as long as the poem takes , both to be written and to be [thought/showed] on .

This could be light radiating from a light source , or reflected light .
this could be light radiating from a light source , or [thought/showed] light .

It is important to ensure , therefore , that when we evaluate support teaching , the full complexity of what we are trying to achieve is properly appreciated , and is reflected both in the criteria we adopt and the methods we use to apply them .
it is important to ensure , therefore , that when we evaluate support teaching , the full complexity of what we are trying to achieve is properly appreciated , and is [thought/showed] both in the criteria we adopt and the methods we use to apply them .

It is easy to see this in the nineteenth century because the development of local government reflected economic organization and the political processes which derived from it .
it is easy to see this in the nineteenth century because the development of local government [thought/showed] economic organization and the political processes which derived from it .

Tyne mouth was a separate county borough from 1849 to 1974 and this reflected its distinctiveness as a port-town from the coal field which surrounded it .
tyne mouth was a separate county borough from 1849 to 1974 and this [thought/showed] its distinctiveness as a port-town from the coal field which surrounded it .

Instead , there was a clear socio-spatial differentiation which reflected distinctions within the working class and took effect through differences in housing forms and standards and consequent rent levels .
instead , there was a clear socio-spatial differentiation which [thought/showed] distinctions within the working class and took effect through differences in housing forms and standards and consequent rent levels .

Discussion of the inter-war years usually centres on industrial change , but North Shields resembles the rest of the North East here in that while it is true that the 1920s saw a good deal of structurally induced unemployment which reflected the position of traditional basic industries , and the 1930s saw the impact of work recession , these same basic industries began to recover in the run up to the Second World War in the mid-1930s and were to remain basic to the area until the early 1960s .
discussion of the inter-war years usually centres on industrial change , but north shields resembles the rest of the north east here in that while it is true that the 1920s saw a good deal of structurally induced unemployment which [thought/showed] the position of traditional basic industries , and the 1930s saw the impact of work recession , these same basic industries began to recover in the run up to the second world war in the mid-1930s and were to remain basic to the area until the early 1960s .

In Cramlington , the intentions of the Northumberland Structure Plan , which in any event reflected existing planning policy , have been more or less observed in practice .
in cramlington , the intentions of the northumberland structure plan , which in any event [thought/showed] existing planning policy , have been more or less observed in practice .

This is primarily a matter of the anti-planning ideological commitment of the present central administration , reflected interalia in the out of hand rejection of the Northern Regional Strategy which was an assumption of the Tyne and Wear exercise .
this is primarily a matter of the anti-planning ideological commitment of the present central administration , [thought/showed] interalia in the out of hand rejection of the northern regional strategy which was an assumption of the tyne and wear exercise .

There was light , shed faintly from the tip of Fand 's spear and reflected in her helmet .
there was light , shed faintly from the tip of fand 's spear and [thought/showed] in her helmet .

There was a wild look about him , with the green cloak tossing from his shoulders and light reflected burning in his eyes .
there was a wild look about him , with the green cloak tossing from his shoulders and light [thought/showed] burning in his eyes .

Ruth was only certain of her eyes , where the reflected flames flashed tinily .
ruth was only certain of her eyes , where the [thought/showed] flames flashed tinily .

This ‘ home-centredness ’ is reflected in a strong emphasis placed on obtaining consumer durables , on an orientation to consumption .
this ‘ home-centredness ’ is [thought/showed] in a strong emphasis placed on obtaining consumer durables , on an orientation to consumption .

Since the Beveridge Plan was predicated on a system of insurance , it is not surprising to find the concept of premiums reflected in the requirement that potential beneficiaries of the various social insurances should pay contributions .
since the beveridge plan was predicated on a system of insurance , it is not surprising to find the concept of premiums [thought/showed] in the requirement that potential beneficiaries of the various social insurances should pay contributions .

The overall importance of judicial review is reflected in the words of Sir Jack Jacob :
the overall importance of judicial review is [thought/showed] in the words of sir jack jacob :

Some of the complaints , of course , reflected political strains which called for general solution by legislation .
some of the complaints , of course , [thought/showed] political strains which called for general solution by legislation .

From the content of the text the analyst can , in principle , determine what aspects of the context are explicitly reflected in the text as the formal record of the utterance .
from the content of the text the analyst can , in principle , determine what aspects of the context are explicitly [thought/showed] in the text as the formal record of the utterance .

Those aspects of the context which are directly reflected in the text , and which need to be called upon to interpret the text , we shall refer to as activated features of context and suggest that they constitute the contextual framework within which the topic is constituted , that is , the topic framework .
those aspects of the context which are directly [thought/showed] in the text , and which need to be called upon to interpret the text , we shall refer to as activated features of context and suggest that they constitute the contextual framework within which the topic is constituted , that is , the topic framework .

One researcher has suggested that they may be able to detect the very low frequency vibrations that are created in the water by waves and reflected back from the ocean floor , an echo-location system similar in principle to that used , at the other extreme end of the frequency scale , by bats .
one researcher has suggested that they may be able to detect the very low frequency vibrations that are created in the water by waves and [thought/showed] back from the ocean floor , an echo-location system similar in principle to that used , at the other extreme end of the frequency scale , by bats .

The red light of fires reflected from the hairless cranium .
the red light of fires [thought/showed] from the hairless cranium .

Now its underside was illuminated by the lights of the space station , and by the reflected light of the planet .
now its underside was illuminated by the lights of the space station , and by the [thought/showed] light of the planet .

Preston 's astonishment was reflected in William 's eyes , and it did n't look feigned .
preston 's astonishment was [thought/showed] in william 's eyes , and it did n't look feigned .

Well , he was right about that , reflected Preston , looking across the site of the old café towards the abandoned railway line and remembering .
well , he was right about that , [thought/showed] preston , looking across the site of the old café towards the abandoned railway line and remembering .

Those rooms haunted Preston 's dreams . He saw it all reflected in the eyes of those blood-spattered gallopers and bears and lions and tigers and ostriches , all frozen in mid-stride , helpless witnesses of the terror they could not run from , and Preston trying desperately to escape from it , as much in terror of the mutilated corpse of Mary Moxton as he was of her murderer , and running from room to room and pulling open the last door of the last room and out into the night and down the long black tunnel under the railway line getting closer and closer to the grey patch of light at the end until , on the verge of safety , the figure would leap out at him in its bloody clothes with the meat cleaver in its hands …
those rooms haunted preston 's dreams . he saw it all [thought/showed] in the eyes of those blood-spattered gallopers and bears and lions and tigers and ostriches , all frozen in mid-stride , helpless witnesses of the terror they could not run from , and preston trying desperately to escape from it , as much in terror of the mutilated corpse of mary moxton as he was of her murderer , and running from room to room and pulling open the last door of the last room and out into the night and down the long black tunnel under the railway line getting closer and closer to the grey patch of light at the end until , on the verge of safety , the figure would leap out at him in its bloody clothes with the meat cleaver in its hands …

On second thoughts , however , they might have reflected that these little conspiratorial activities prepared them quite as adequately for life as the main curriculum .
on second thoughts , however , they might have [thought/showed] that these little conspiratorial activities prepared them quite as adequately for life as the main curriculum .

During a break in which the designer 's assistant smeared the mirror above the fireplace with vaseline — ; Meredith had complained it reflected too much light — Dawn Allenby apologised for the drenching smell of eau de Cologne that pervaded her person .
during a break in which the designer 's assistant smeared the mirror above the fireplace with vaseline — ; meredith had complained it [thought/showed] too much light — dawn allenby apologised for the drenching smell of eau de cologne that pervaded her person .

But if the decline reflected prevailing economic conditions , it also reflected pop music 's own failure to produce records that people wanted to buy .
but if the decline [thought/showed] prevailing economic conditions , it also [thought/showed] pop music 's own failure to produce records that people wanted to buy .

This philosophy is also reflected by some provisions of the Children Act 1989 which give a child , of sufficient understanding to make an informed decision , the right to refuse ‘ medical or psychiatric examination or other assessment ’ or ‘ psychiatric and medical treatment ’ in certain defined circumstances : see sections 38 ( 6 ) , 43 ( 8 ) , 44 ( 7 ) and Schedule 3 , paragraphs 4 ( 4 ) ( a ) and 5 ( 5 ) ( a ) .
this philosophy is also [thought/showed] by some provisions of the children act 1989 which give a child , of sufficient understanding to make an informed decision , the right to refuse ‘ medical or psychiatric examination or other assessment ’ or ‘ psychiatric and medical treatment ’ in certain defined circumstances : see sections 38 ( 6 ) , 43 ( 8 ) , 44 ( 7 ) and schedule 3 , paragraphs 4 ( 4 ) ( a ) and 5 ( 5 ) ( a ) .

After the abolition of the death penalty in 1965 there was plainly some anxiety by the legislature as to how prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment for murder should be dealt with . This was reflected in the Criminal Justice Act 1967 which by section 61(1) provides :
after the abolition of the death penalty in 1965 there was plainly some anxiety by the legislature as to how prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment for murder should be dealt with . this was [thought/showed] in the criminal justice act 1967 which by section 61(1) provides :

Mr. Beazley submitted that the court 's decision in paragraphs 17 and 18 of the judgment , which is also reflected in the answer given to the question in the court 's ruling , is conclusive in his favour and determinative of the construction of article 5 ( 3 ) ; and that in consequence articles 5 ( 1 ) and 5 ( 3 ) are to be construed as mutually exclusive , but as all-embracing so far as actions to establish any kind of liability of the defendants are concerned .
mr. beazley submitted that the court 's decision in paragraphs 17 and 18 of the judgment , which is also [thought/showed] in the answer given to the question in the court 's ruling , is conclusive in his favour and determinative of the construction of article 5 ( 3 ) ; and that in consequence articles 5 ( 1 ) and 5 ( 3 ) are to be construed as mutually exclusive , but as all-embracing so far as actions to establish any kind of liability of the defendants are concerned .

Having regard to his indebtedness , reflected by the various charges on this property , he was anxious to take up that employment .
having regard to his indebtedness , [thought/showed] by the various charges on this property , he was anxious to take up that employment .

By 1976 advances in electronic technology brought detectors on to the market with increased performance and stability , and this was directly reflected in the find rates of the users .
by 1976 advances in electronic technology brought detectors on to the market with increased performance and stability , and this was directly [thought/showed] in the find rates of the users .

Most newspapers have simply reflected the public adulation ‘ Unique Figure Fascinates Eleventh Telegraph Literary Luncheon ’ was the nine-column headline in the Grimsby Evening Telegraph She was its star … she captivated the 330-strong audience with her simple charm . One of the important speakers was Tony Benn !
most newspapers have simply [thought/showed] the public adulation ‘ unique figure fascinates eleventh telegraph literary luncheon ’ was the nine-column headline in the grimsby evening telegraph she was its star … she captivated the 330-strong audience with her simple charm . one of the important speakers was tony benn !

The poor internal self-image is reflected outwards onto other people and onto external circumstances rather than being recognised as the diseased part of self .
the poor internal self-image is [thought/showed] outwards onto other people and onto external circumstances rather than being recognised as the diseased part of self .

This collective picture is then reflected back to the sufferer with the recommendation that he or she finds out whether his or her contemporaries in treatment observe the same picture .
this collective picture is then [thought/showed] back to the sufferer with the recommendation that he or she finds out whether his or her contemporaries in treatment observe the same picture .

The Lord who had revealed himself fitfully and alternately under the old covenant , when Moses commuted between the Lord on Sinai and the people on the plain ( with the glory reflected from his communing with God waxing and waning correspondingly ) has now revealed himself steadily and with unwithdrawn accessibility .
the lord who had revealed himself fitfully and alternately under the old covenant , when moses commuted between the lord on sinai and the people on the plain ( with the glory [thought/showed] from his communing with god waxing and waning correspondingly ) has now revealed himself steadily and with unwithdrawn accessibility .

Glass 's interest in the visual arts is reflected in his opera , Einstein on the Beach , written in collaboration with Robert Wilson in 1976 .
glass 's interest in the visual arts is [thought/showed] in his opera , einstein on the beach , written in collaboration with robert wilson in 1976 .

It was the only object , apart from the books , which reflected a personal taste ; Dalgliesh hardly supposed that it had been provided by a Government agency .
it was the only object , apart from the books , which [thought/showed] a personal taste ; dalgliesh hardly supposed that it had been provided by a government agency .

The bursts of intra-party democracy within the Labour Party , reflected in the cry that `` Conference should decide `` , were invariably condemned as at odds with the essentials of the British constitution and as offensive to the magic , unmediated link between parliamentary leaders and `` their `` supporters ( not controllers ) in the electorate at large .
the bursts of intra-party democracy within the labour party , [thought/showed] in the cry that `` conference should decide `` , were invariably condemned as at odds with the essentials of the british constitution and as offensive to the magic , unmediated link between parliamentary leaders and `` their `` supporters ( not controllers ) in the electorate at large .

Yet it was the vernacular psalms , whether for private or public devotion , which more faithfully reflected the mood of France during the years of the religious wars .
yet it was the vernacular psalms , whether for private or public devotion , which more faithfully [thought/showed] the mood of france during the years of the religious wars .

This desire is also reflected in the encouragement given to pupils to undertake group projects , perhaps in making a display , organizing fund-raising events or planning for an excursion or residential experience .
this desire is also [thought/showed] in the encouragement given to pupils to undertake group projects , perhaps in making a display , organizing fund-raising events or planning for an excursion or residential experience .

The above dialogues illustrate the resentment , bitterness and frustration felt by the Afro-Caribbean boys towards the school — as reflected through the attitudes of certain teachers .
the above dialogues illustrate the resentment , bitterness and frustration felt by the afro-caribbean boys towards the school — as [thought/showed] through the attitudes of certain teachers .

Naylor ( 1986 ) also gives an example of a tangible link between SBUs when he cites the interdependence of the multiple car lines at General Motors , where a change in the demand for one line may well be reflected in another .
naylor ( 1986 ) also gives an example of a tangible link between sbus when he cites the interdependence of the multiple car lines at general motors , where a change in the demand for one line may well be [thought/showed] in another .

reflected in reports , agenda for meetings , key events , and so on .
[thought/showed] in reports , agenda for meetings , key events , and so on .

Seventies ' youth was full of uncertainties and tenderness which was reflected in the trend for romance and nostalgia , fabrics that swayed and moved ; women wanted to dress up .
seventies ' youth was full of uncertainties and tenderness which was [thought/showed] in the trend for romance and nostalgia , fabrics that swayed and moved ; women wanted to dress up .

In fact , there were lots of things she 'd like to change about the way she looked , she reflected ruefully .
in fact , there were lots of things she 'd like to change about the way she looked , she [thought/showed] ruefully .

Lunch might have been an unqualified disaster , she reflected a little while later , but dinner was proving less of an ordeal than anticipated .
lunch might have been an unqualified disaster , she [thought/showed] a little while later , but dinner was proving less of an ordeal than anticipated .

Strolling alone between the tall old buildings in Merchants Street , through the Saturday morning throngs , cool and comfortable in white sundress and dark glasses , Caroline reflected with a stab of surprise that she was really enjoying herself .
strolling alone between the tall old buildings in merchants street , through the saturday morning throngs , cool and comfortable in white sundress and dark glasses , caroline [thought/showed] with a stab of surprise that she was really enjoying herself .

Maybe , she reflected , storming round her room to throw some clothes into her suitcase , it was because she rose so satisfactorily to the bait ?
maybe , she [thought/showed] , storming round her room to throw some clothes into her suitcase , it was because she rose so satisfactorily to the bait ?

Roman had clearly primed his housekeeper well in advance , Caroline reflected , finding herself whisked off through grandiose high-ceilinged passageways , up a curving staircase wide enough to accommodate a coach and four , and into a room large enough to hold a full-scale ball .
roman had clearly primed his housekeeper well in advance , caroline [thought/showed] , finding herself whisked off through grandiose high-ceilinged passageways , up a curving staircase wide enough to accommodate a coach and four , and into a room large enough to hold a full-scale ball .

Caroline reflected on the phrase .
caroline [thought/showed] on the phrase .

The only certainty , she reflected ruefully , soaking in fragrant warm water up to her chin , was that in half an hour or so she 'd have to find the courage to face Roman again , possibly over the breakfast-table .
the only certainty , she [thought/showed] ruefully , soaking in fragrant warm water up to her chin , was that in half an hour or so she 'd have to find the courage to face roman again , possibly over the breakfast-table .

She felt as if her heart were reflected there .
she felt as if her heart were [thought/showed] there .

As Charles limped along Praed Street , he began to regret dressing up for the encounter , but when he reflected on the exceptional violence of blackmailers in all detective fiction , he decided it was as well to conceal his identity .
as charles limped along praed street , he began to regret dressing up for the encounter , but when he [thought/showed] on the exceptional violence of blackmailers in all detective fiction , he decided it was as well to conceal his identity .

But , Charles reflected , even sharper to have a middle-aged daughter of twenty-one .
but , charles [thought/showed] , even sharper to have a middle-aged daughter of twenty-one .

’ Charles reflected how Miles always talked out of books .
’ charles [thought/showed] how miles always talked out of books .

Not for the first time Charles reflected that growing up is a myth ; getting older is just an intenser form of childhood .
not for the first time charles [thought/showed] that growing up is a myth ; getting older is just an intenser form of childhood .

As long ago as 1970 , the Coldstream-Summerson Report reflected the growing concern about vocational courses and suggested they be recognized so that they became design ‘ technician ’ courses along the lines of the definition laid down in the 1969 Haslegrave Report .
as long ago as 1970 , the coldstream-summerson report [thought/showed] the growing concern about vocational courses and suggested they be recognized so that they became design ‘ technician ’ courses along the lines of the definition laid down in the 1969 haslegrave report .

They 'd hardly been the first , he reflected .
they 'd hardly been the first , he [thought/showed] .

Elisabetta was asking her something ; it was about the fireworks last year in the city , off the old harbour wall where they had reflected in the sea .
elisabetta was asking her something ; it was about the fireworks last year in the city , off the old harbour wall where they had [thought/showed] in the sea .

Signals that use reflected light , for instance , can not be used in the dark .
signals that use [thought/showed] light , for instance , can not be used in the dark .

His eyes , doubly reflected , met Lorton 's .
his eyes , doubly [thought/showed] , met lorton 's .

The more desperate remedies undoubtedly reflected desperate motives .
the more desperate remedies undoubtedly [thought/showed] desperate motives .

The confusion which reigns in their minds is reflected in their worlds ’ .
the confusion which reigns in their minds is [thought/showed] in their worlds ’ .

The low percentage marrying and the higher age at marriage probably reflected the fact that such women would have had to give up their careers on marriage .
the low percentage marrying and the higher age at marriage probably [thought/showed] the fact that such women would have had to give up their careers on marriage .

It is often hard to discern how far feminist use of essentially anti-feminist arguments reflected their acceptance of them , or how far their use was merely strategic .
it is often hard to discern how far feminist use of essentially anti-feminist arguments [thought/showed] their acceptance of them , or how far their use was merely strategic .

’ In the same periodical , Reverdy , who admitted that much contemporary literature at this time reflected an aesthetic first developed in Cubist painting , added : ‘ the poet 's aim is to create a work which lives independently from him , from his private life , which exists in a special realm .
’ in the same periodical , reverdy , who admitted that much contemporary literature at this time [thought/showed] an aesthetic first developed in cubist painting , added : ‘ the poet 's aim is to create a work which lives independently from him , from his private life , which exists in a special realm .

Spears of light , long aprons of neon reflected in the pavements .
spears of light , long aprons of neon [thought/showed] in the pavements .

Whether the diversity depicted above is reflected in the presence of two tests , rational basis and rightness , or whether we should simply work through the former is largely a matter of semantics .
whether the diversity depicted above is [thought/showed] in the presence of two tests , rational basis and rightness , or whether we should simply work through the former is largely a matter of semantics .

As Lord Diplock said , the statutory language was sometimes opaque and elliptical , and this is reflected in the fact that although the House of Lords reached a unanimous conclusion , their Lordships differed in their interpretation of the legislation .
as lord diplock said , the statutory language was sometimes opaque and elliptical , and this is [thought/showed] in the fact that although the house of lords reached a unanimous conclusion , their lordships differed in their interpretation of the legislation .

This is reflected in the marketing statistics , which show for example , that in the United States in 1976 about $ 100 billion were spent on personal selling compared with $ 33 billion on advertising .
this is [thought/showed] in the marketing statistics , which show for example , that in the united states in 1976 about $ 100 billion were spent on personal selling compared with $ 33 billion on advertising .

But something about the sheet of paper , lying with its contents reflected unreadably in the mirror , drew him towards it .
but something about the sheet of paper , lying with its contents [thought/showed] unreadably in the mirror , drew him towards it .

They looked just like any other couple , he reflected .
they looked just like any other couple , he [thought/showed] .

The Air Pollution Act which was finally enacted in 1955 reflected the same view : federal legislation left regulatory control efforts to the states and local government .
the air pollution act which was finally enacted in 1955 [thought/showed] the same view : federal legislation left regulatory control efforts to the states and local government .

This modern-sounding and research-oriented publication ran to only three volumes in its English form : Hofmann 's aims and moderate success in London reflected those of the Report .
this modern-sounding and research-oriented publication ran to only three volumes in its english form : hofmann 's aims and moderate success in london [thought/showed] those of the report .

She reflected .
she [thought/showed] .

The Robes shimmered and gleamed and reflected the dim light .
the robes shimmered and gleamed and [thought/showed] the dim light .

This largely reflected the fact that in a significant minority of authorities — about 11 per cent — one-party policy and resources ( or similar ) committees are found , whilst in 64 per cent an informal ‘ inner circle ’ of the majority leadership meets regularly , usually in the presence of officers ( Widdicombe , 1986 , paras 5.56 ; 5.57 ) .
this largely [thought/showed] the fact that in a significant minority of authorities — about 11 per cent — one-party policy and resources ( or similar ) committees are found , whilst in 64 per cent an informal ‘ inner circle ’ of the majority leadership meets regularly , usually in the presence of officers ( widdicombe , 1986 , paras 5.56 ; 5.57 ) .

In some authorities this party dominance has been reflected in formal structures by the formulation of one-party committees or sub-committees , although this remains the exception rather than the rule ( Widdicombe , 1986 , vol .
in some authorities this party dominance has been [thought/showed] in formal structures by the formulation of one-party committees or sub-committees , although this remains the exception rather than the rule ( widdicombe , 1986 , vol .

More usually formal committees have remained politically representative , with the main focus of organized party activity being reflected in party groups .
more usually formal committees have remained politically representative , with the main focus of organized party activity being [thought/showed] in party groups .

Bob reflected in silence for some moments .
bob [thought/showed] in silence for some moments .

He turned from the fire to regard her , and Grainne saw the leaping flames reflected in his eyes , hundreds of pinpoints of light .
he turned from the fire to regard her , and grainne saw the leaping flames [thought/showed] in his eyes , hundreds of pinpoints of light .

This academic flexibility of the term is reflected by the many different policy areas regionalism covers in practice .
this academic flexibility of the term is [thought/showed] by the many different policy areas regionalism covers in practice .

What Wagener 's Law suggested was that the expansion of public services reflected the ‘ exigencies of industrialisation ’ — as a nation industrialises it develops needs for collectively provided goods such as roads , sewers transport , and so on .
what wagener 's law suggested was that the expansion of public services [thought/showed] the ‘ exigencies of industrialisation ’ — as a nation industrialises it develops needs for collectively provided goods such as roads , sewers transport , and so on .

The growth of government reflected these upward pressures on expenditure .
the growth of government [thought/showed] these upward pressures on expenditure .

This cascade results in structural modifications to synapses and dendrites and is reflected in alterations in the electrical properties of the cells , as shown by changes in their spontaneous , rhythmic , electrical activity in the hours after training .
this cascade results in structural modifications to synapses and dendrites and is [thought/showed] in alterations in the electrical properties of the cells , as shown by changes in their spontaneous , rhythmic , electrical activity in the hours after training .

Patterned ground is thus reflected in a patterned carpet of mosses and flowering plants .
patterned ground is thus [thought/showed] in a patterned carpet of mosses and flowering plants .

It was not every night , she reflected , that she dined with a secret agent .
it was not every night , she [thought/showed] , that she dined with a secret agent .

They were ripe and plump , she reflected , worthy of caress , and the grasped her right bicep in her left hand .
they were ripe and plump , she [thought/showed] , worthy of caress , and the grasped her right bicep in her left hand .

The architect who designed it twenty years before , Blanche reflected , had drawn inspiration from childhood memories of dog-eared graph paper — neatly ruled green squares within a darker grid of ruled squares .
the architect who designed it twenty years before , blanche [thought/showed] , had drawn inspiration from childhood memories of dog-eared graph paper — neatly ruled green squares within a darker grid of ruled squares .

She examined him protectively , for he was , she reflected , the only surviving member of the Nowak family .
she examined him protectively , for he was , she [thought/showed] , the only surviving member of the nowak family .

He was a weak , cowardly man , she reflected , who wanted to be popular with everyone , yet whose deep insecurity drove him to self-righteous pomposity and chill cruelty .
he was a weak , cowardly man , she [thought/showed] , who wanted to be popular with everyone , yet whose deep insecurity drove him to self-righteous pomposity and chill cruelty .

The shed windows were broken and stood out black and jagged by the reflected light of the moon .
the shed windows were broken and stood out black and jagged by the [thought/showed] light of the moon .

There was a loud clattering and muted conversation as Anushkia Smyslov , Shmuel Zehavi and a morose Cheryl Russell followed them into the room and placed their torches so that the beams played over the domed ceiling , throwing a dim reflected light , like candlelight , back into the room .
there was a loud clattering and muted conversation as anushkia smyslov , shmuel zehavi and a morose cheryl russell followed them into the room and placed their torches so that the beams played over the domed ceiling , throwing a dim [thought/showed] light , like candlelight , back into the room .

In these cases , a school 's philosophy acquired a life of its own : paraded for governors , advisers , parents and visitors , reflected superficially in those aspects of practice like display and decor that such outsiders tended immediately to note , but seldom followed through .
in these cases , a school 's philosophy acquired a life of its own : paraded for governors , advisers , parents and visitors , [thought/showed] superficially in those aspects of practice like display and decor that such outsiders tended immediately to note , but seldom followed through .

In this and other respects , the principle of the ‘ broadly-based curriculum ’ appeared not to be reflected in practice .
in this and other respects , the principle of the ‘ broadly-based curriculum ’ appeared not to be [thought/showed] in practice .

It is this conflict that is reflected in the Whitehall spending battle .
it is this conflict that is [thought/showed] in the whitehall spending battle .

The partnership model reflected this tradition .
the partnership model [thought/showed] this tradition .

Everyone 's preferences would be reflected in their purchases of goods and their productivity in wages paid .
everyone 's preferences would be [thought/showed] in their purchases of goods and their productivity in wages paid .

’ This in its turn would change people 's pattern of purchases away from that which reflected their true preferences .
’ this in its turn would change people 's pattern of purchases away from that which [thought/showed] their true preferences .

Their logic is reflected in the kinds of indirect tax that are levied .
their logic is [thought/showed] in the kinds of indirect tax that are levied .

The spending patterns of the 1970s still reflected the inequalities of the pre-war system .
the spending patterns of the 1970s still [thought/showed] the inequalities of the pre-war system .

The next step was to devise a budget allocation procedure that reflected the health needs of different areas .
the next step was to devise a budget allocation procedure that [thought/showed] the health needs of different areas .

She almost laughed when she reflected that here was she fretting about whether Time would give him back to her or not .
she almost laughed when she [thought/showed] that here was she fretting about whether time would give him back to her or not .

Cassie reflected , with a terrible cold awareness , that this was almost certainly the only man she had ever held in her arms who had taken the life of a fellow human being .
cassie [thought/showed] , with a terrible cold awareness , that this was almost certainly the only man she had ever held in her arms who had taken the life of a fellow human being .

She slept lightly now , in any case , and she reflected that dawn was becoming one of her better known times of the day .
she slept lightly now , in any case , and she [thought/showed] that dawn was becoming one of her better known times of the day .

James Joyce wore a dentist 's white jacket in the hope that the reflected light would make the words brighter to his poor hurting eyes .
james joyce wore a dentist 's white jacket in the hope that the [thought/showed] light would make the words brighter to his poor hurting eyes .

He spoke accentless English with excellent grammar , proved civil and hospitable and well-read : in his stone-and-wattle premises he possessed a volume of The Spectator , a volume of Humphrey Prideaux 's The Old and New Testament Connected in the History of the Jews , and , judging from Boswell , the man reflected annoyance when Johnson expressed surprise at finding books in his house .
he spoke accentless english with excellent grammar , proved civil and hospitable and well-read : in his stone-and-wattle premises he possessed a volume of the spectator , a volume of humphrey prideaux 's the old and new testament connected in the history of the jews , and , judging from boswell , the man [thought/showed] annoyance when johnson expressed surprise at finding books in his house .

To the people of his little island , two miles long and three-quarters of a mile wide , ‘ Isle of Muck ’ fetched a tailor from the mainland twice a year and a blacksmith from the Isle of Eigg ( Johnson has not so far reflected upon the name of the laird of Eigg ) .
to the people of his little island , two miles long and three-quarters of a mile wide , ‘ isle of muck ’ fetched a tailor from the mainland twice a year and a blacksmith from the isle of eigg ( johnson has not so far [thought/showed] upon the name of the laird of eigg ) .

This relegation of Latin American affairs reflected Lenin 's conviction that ‘ there were more urgent revolutionary tasks which must have priority .
this relegation of latin american affairs [thought/showed] lenin 's conviction that ‘ there were more urgent revolutionary tasks which must have priority .

Thus the 1975 Havana Conference of ( for the first time since the Cuban revolution ) all Latin American Communist parties and its rehabilitation of orthodox ideas such as the primacy of the party and the importance of mass organisation , reflected a widespread recognition that the central premise of foquismo was false .
thus the 1975 havana conference of ( for the first time since the cuban revolution ) all latin american communist parties and its rehabilitation of orthodox ideas such as the primacy of the party and the importance of mass organisation , [thought/showed] a widespread recognition that the central premise of foquismo was false .

In Mexico and Venezuela this has resulted in the development of a new openness towards the broad left , reflected in the formation of the Left Coalition in Mexico in 1977 and the Movement Towards Socialism in Venezuela .
in mexico and venezuela this has resulted in the development of a new openness towards the broad left , [thought/showed] in the formation of the left coalition in mexico in 1977 and the movement towards socialism in venezuela .

The second point is that this agreement reflected a certain degree of complementarity between the Soviet and Cuban economies .
the second point is that this agreement [thought/showed] a certain degree of complementarity between the soviet and cuban economies .

Not for the first time it occurred to him how vulnerable his position was , and he reflected ruefully that there was probably no more security or protection in the rank of Khan than there had been in any of the various honours which he had received while he had been an intimate of the clique which had surrounded Nogai .
not for the first time it occurred to him how vulnerable his position was , and he [thought/showed] ruefully that there was probably no more security or protection in the rank of khan than there had been in any of the various honours which he had received while he had been an intimate of the clique which had surrounded nogai .

The expression reflected in Burun 's eyes was candidly disbelieving .
the expression [thought/showed] in burun 's eyes was candidly disbelieving .

The troopers of the Kha-Khan 's guard who were detailed to line the processional route had been pressed into service to clear away the debris , and their facial expressions reflected their feelings as the dye from the cloth stained their hands and surcoats .
the troopers of the kha-khan 's guard who were detailed to line the processional route had been pressed into service to clear away the debris , and their facial expressions [thought/showed] their feelings as the dye from the cloth stained their hands and surcoats .

The faces of the houses gleamed , and crystals in the stone reflected stray sunbeams .
the faces of the houses gleamed , and crystals in the stone [thought/showed] stray sunbeams .

The gold on the floor reflected his face , distorting it .
the gold on the floor [thought/showed] his face , distorting it .

Jefferson and Grimshaw show how the police control of the mass picket reflected the relative influence of several ‘ audiences ’ :
jefferson and grimshaw show how the police control of the mass picket [thought/showed] the relative influence of several ‘ audiences ’ :

Despite their lack of formal education and training , they can afford to travel to overseas matches where their crude moral values are reflected in ‘ nationalistic aggression ’ towards foreign fans .
despite their lack of formal education and training , they can afford to travel to overseas matches where their crude moral values are [thought/showed] in ‘ nationalistic aggression ’ towards foreign fans .

To begin with , Catholics objected to religious discrimination reflected in the unfair allocation of jobs , housing and industrial investment .
to begin with , catholics objected to religious discrimination [thought/showed] in the unfair allocation of jobs , housing and industrial investment .

The targeting of the security forces by Republican paramilitaries is reflected in a rise in the number of members of the security forces killed as a proportion of total deaths .
the targeting of the security forces by republican paramilitaries is [thought/showed] in a rise in the number of members of the security forces killed as a proportion of total deaths .

It was lit by one tall lamp with a dark shade ; the light flowed downwards , concentrated on the white cloth , and was then reflected up , lighting our faces strangely , Caravaggio fashion , against the surrounding darkness .
it was lit by one tall lamp with a dark shade ; the light flowed downwards , concentrated on the white cloth , and was then [thought/showed] up , lighting our faces strangely , caravaggio fashion , against the surrounding darkness .

This might have been appropriate , the Colonel reflected , but it was n't the case .
this might have been appropriate , the colonel [thought/showed] , but it was n't the case .

Amanda frequently reflected upon the fruits of the field , how various they were , and yet how perfectly each was adapted for Man 's enjoyment .
amanda frequently [thought/showed] upon the fruits of the field , how various they were , and yet how perfectly each was adapted for man 's enjoyment .

In part , Amanda reflected , it was a matter of how you perceived things .
in part , amanda [thought/showed] , it was a matter of how you perceived things .

In narrative terms this is reflected as a disregard for verisimilitude and the use of characters as discursive instances through which a number of different discourses can be made to pass rather than as representations of discrete individuals .
in narrative terms this is [thought/showed] as a disregard for verisimilitude and the use of characters as discursive instances through which a number of different discourses can be made to pass rather than as representations of discrete individuals .

This segmentation of spheres of action and influence along the lines of gender difference is reflected in the radio programming in the novel .
this segmentation of spheres of action and influence along the lines of gender difference is [thought/showed] in the radio programming in the novel .

This discursive pre-emption is reflected in her use of the future tense which pre-dicts the story it relates .
this discursive pre-emption is [thought/showed] in her use of the future tense which pre-dicts the story it relates .

Everyone in television seemed to have a sense of their self-importance , Dexter reflected .
everyone in television seemed to have a sense of their self-importance , dexter [thought/showed] .

No one , Dexter reflected , likes to admit to an act of cowardice .
no one , dexter [thought/showed] , likes to admit to an act of cowardice .

So that was it , Dexter reflected .
so that was it , dexter [thought/showed] .

This was reflected in the rate and length of imprisonment :
this was [thought/showed] in the rate and length of imprisonment :

High service standards are reflected in the more customer-friendly refurbished branches , which allow for prompt personal attention and privacy .
high service standards are [thought/showed] in the more customer-friendly refurbished branches , which allow for prompt personal attention and privacy .

Cajun and Creole cooking 's roots are reflected in the foods of France , Spain , Africa and Germany , as Roz Denny discovered when she visited Louisiana with the Food and Drinks team
cajun and creole cooking 's roots are [thought/showed] in the foods of france , spain , africa and germany , as roz denny discovered when she visited louisiana with the food and drinks team

This competitive , entrepreneurial spirit is reflected in the new funding arrangements in higher education .
this competitive , entrepreneurial spirit is [thought/showed] in the new funding arrangements in higher education .

They must be optically correct , virtually unbreakable , a comfortable fit , lightweight , scratch-resistant and , above all , cut out maximum reflected glare .
they must be optically correct , virtually unbreakable , a comfortable fit , lightweight , scratch-resistant and , above all , cut out maximum [thought/showed] glare .

Polarisation is the most effective way of reducing or eliminating reflected glare .
polarisation is the most effective way of reducing or eliminating [thought/showed] glare .

The advantage the pure watercolour has over all other media is that it depends greatly on the light passing through the colour being reflected back from the white paper .
the advantage the pure watercolour has over all other media is that it depends greatly on the light passing through the colour being [thought/showed] back from the white paper .

It is important to remember that reflections generally are lower in tone than the object which is being reflected , so all the colours have to be darker than those in the top half of the picture .
it is important to remember that reflections generally are lower in tone than the object which is being [thought/showed] , so all the colours have to be darker than those in the top half of the picture .

The extraordinary times in which the German artist Max Beckmann ( 1844–1950 ) lived and worked are reflected on his vibrant canvases to a degree arguably unequalled by his contemporaries .
the extraordinary times in which the german artist max beckmann ( 1844–1950 ) lived and worked are [thought/showed] on his vibrant canvases to a degree arguably unequalled by his contemporaries .

This Orient was , moreover a mirror in which Europe ( and subsequently America ) could see reflected its own supremacy .
this orient was , moreover a mirror in which europe ( and subsequently america ) could see [thought/showed] its own supremacy .

Opinion polls which have consistently reflected large majorities in favour of Britain 's military role in the Gulf , have also found widespread ambivalence about the true motives for it .
opinion polls which have consistently [thought/showed] large majorities in favour of britain 's military role in the gulf , have also found widespread ambivalence about the true motives for it .

In it we can see reflected the ecological , psychological , spiritual damage and the massive human waste of this war .
in it we can see [thought/showed] the ecological , psychological , spiritual damage and the massive human waste of this war .

Two other recent products aim to improve the way in which light is reflected from the skin .
two other recent products aim to improve the way in which light is [thought/showed] from the skin .

This is a performance suit which is reflected by the price of £90 for the jacket and £55 for the trousers .
this is a performance suit which is [thought/showed] by the price of £90 for the jacket and £55 for the trousers .

Small chance , however , reflected Hugh , of recovering these particular gifts .
small chance , however , [thought/showed] hugh , of recovering these particular gifts .

‘ That was not said to me , ’ reflected Robert with slightly affronted dignity .
‘ that was not said to me , ’ [thought/showed] robert with slightly affronted dignity .

He never was in earnest , Cadfael reflected with certainty , and it would spoil his sport to use contrivance .
he never was in earnest , cadfael [thought/showed] with certainty , and it would spoil his sport to use contrivance .

Only too true , reflected Cadfael , for she may well have some strictures to level at us , no less than at Ramsey .
only too true , [thought/showed] cadfael , for she may well have some strictures to level at us , no less than at ramsey .

Hoisted back to the London street , she saw them both reflected in the plate-glass of the shop window , superimposed in transparency above silk and fur , gilt and leather , the swaggering dummies with blind inscrutable gaze in their preposterous clothes .
hoisted back to the london street , she saw them both [thought/showed] in the plate-glass of the shop window , superimposed in transparency above silk and fur , gilt and leather , the swaggering dummies with blind inscrutable gaze in their preposterous clothes .

Edward followed ; she heard him skid on the floor , in whose black and shining depths were reflected the chandeliers above their heads .
edward followed ; she heard him skid on the floor , in whose black and shining depths were [thought/showed] the chandeliers above their heads .

It was thick with alder and willow ; the water , green and shaded , flashed from time to time with coins of reflected sunlight .
it was thick with alder and willow ; the water , green and shaded , flashed from time to time with coins of [thought/showed] sunlight .

It was that experience , in recollection , which most closely reflected her present state .
it was that experience , in recollection , which most closely [thought/showed] her present state .

The successful seizure of royal power by Wulfhere reflected a substantial change in the situation .
the successful seizure of royal power by wulfhere [thought/showed] a substantial change in the situation .

This is reflected in the highest places , such as parliament , and does not fit easily with the hectic pace of recent change in the economy .
this is [thought/showed] in the highest places , such as parliament , and does not fit easily with the hectic pace of recent change in the economy .

Among positive features were the growth of service-sector employment , including notably public services in the 1960s and early 1970s and financial and business services in the 1980s ; the increase of North Sea oil production from 1979 to 1985 ; and the recovery of overall output , reflected in the real growth of disposable income from 1982 to 1989 .
among positive features were the growth of service-sector employment , including notably public services in the 1960s and early 1970s and financial and business services in the 1980s ; the increase of north sea oil production from 1979 to 1985 ; and the recovery of overall output , [thought/showed] in the real growth of disposable income from 1982 to 1989 .

In absolute terms , there were three extra households for every extra member of the population over this period , generating a very much higher level of new housing need than reflected in the overall population figures .
in absolute terms , there were three extra households for every extra member of the population over this period , generating a very much higher level of new housing need than [thought/showed] in the overall population figures .

This is reflected at both ends of the settlement hierarchy in Table 4.4 , not only in the reduction in the growth rate of the remoter , mainly rural districts but also in the marked fall in the rate of population loss estimated for Greater London and the principal cities of the Metropolitan Counties .
this is [thought/showed] at both ends of the settlement hierarchy in table 4.4 , not only in the reduction in the growth rate of the remoter , mainly rural districts but also in the marked fall in the rate of population loss estimated for greater london and the principal cities of the metropolitan counties .

It is also reflected in the reduction in the population losses for the larger metropolitan centres , most notably London ( Table 4.4 ) .
it is also [thought/showed] in the reduction in the population losses for the larger metropolitan centres , most notably london ( table 4.4 ) .

Changes in personnel reflected shifts in overall public health strategy .
changes in personnel [thought/showed] shifts in overall public health strategy .

The improvement of the physical and moral health of individuals was one of the prime duties of a Christian country , for the level of national health reflected the degree of civilization attained by the state .
the improvement of the physical and moral health of individuals was one of the prime duties of a christian country , for the level of national health [thought/showed] the degree of civilization attained by the state .

Statements such as these reflected growing confidence and optimism among members of the profession ; the conviction that state-backed medicine , as opposed to voluntary and charitable effort , provided the ultimate solution to pressing social problems .
statements such as these [thought/showed] growing confidence and optimism among members of the profession ; the conviction that state-backed medicine , as opposed to voluntary and charitable effort , provided the ultimate solution to pressing social problems .

Organizational shifts , alongside changes in the language of purity , reflected this new feminist position .
organizational shifts , alongside changes in the language of purity , [thought/showed] this new feminist position .

These are reflected in a lack of materials for teaching Arabic , Bengali , Chinese and so on , even including Italian , as community languages .
these are [thought/showed] in a lack of materials for teaching arabic , bengali , chinese and so on , even including italian , as community languages .

The approach has reflected the collaborative nature of the work .
the approach has [thought/showed] the collaborative nature of the work .

They wanted a model which reflected their need to retain control of their own affairs as individuals and their concern not to allow any cosmetic compromises .
they wanted a model which [thought/showed] their need to retain control of their own affairs as individuals and their concern not to allow any cosmetic compromises .

As a body it naturally reflected the dominant interests in society , though it was prone to being strongly buffeted by conflicts of interest in matters of land , property and amenity .
as a body it naturally [thought/showed] the dominant interests in society , though it was prone to being strongly buffeted by conflicts of interest in matters of land , property and amenity .

The later 1920s reflected a modest boom but the years demonstrated no great grasp of economic analysis ( these were pre-Keynesian days ) , and problems of currency stabilization and national debt management assumed greatest importance .
the later 1920s [thought/showed] a modest boom but the years demonstrated no great grasp of economic analysis ( these were pre-keynesian days ) , and problems of currency stabilization and national debt management assumed greatest importance .

9191 , 1918 ) reflected Unwin 's concepts of housing design , garden suburbs , site selection and survey : ‘ the fragmentary experimentation of Letchworth and Hampstead crystallized into statutory house types and area standards , and a density of twelve houses to the acre , paving the way for an unprecedented municipal intervention into the provision of housing ’ ( Miller , 1981 , p. 89 ) .
9191 , 1918 ) [thought/showed] unwin 's concepts of housing design , garden suburbs , site selection and survey : ‘ the fragmentary experimentation of letchworth and hampstead crystallized into statutory house types and area standards , and a density of twelve houses to the acre , paving the way for an unprecedented municipal intervention into the provision of housing ’ ( miller , 1981 , p. 89 ) .

One was Abercrombie , who left an enduring stamp on broad strategy , as reflected in his regional plans for Greater London , Clydeside and the West Midlands , and his city plans for Plymouth , Hull and Edinburgh .
one was abercrombie , who left an enduring stamp on broad strategy , as [thought/showed] in his regional plans for greater london , clydeside and the west midlands , and his city plans for plymouth , hull and edinburgh .

The founding of the Victorian Society in 1959 reflected the growing anxiety about the destruction of nineteenth-century buildings , but the earlier founding of the Civic Trust in 1957 as an independent charity to promote the development of public taste and awareness for better design suggested an even broader concern , that of urban conservation .
the founding of the victorian society in 1959 [thought/showed] the growing anxiety about the destruction of nineteenth-century buildings , but the earlier founding of the civic trust in 1957 as an independent charity to promote the development of public taste and awareness for better design suggested an even broader concern , that of urban conservation .

There is greater emphasis on the role of the private sector in schemes for inner-city revival , as reflected in the setting up of two Urban Development Corporations in 1981 ( London Docklands and Merseyside ) and the introduction of the Urban Development Grant in 1982 as a lever to private investment .
there is greater emphasis on the role of the private sector in schemes for inner-city revival , as [thought/showed] in the setting up of two urban development corporations in 1981 ( london docklands and merseyside ) and the introduction of the urban development grant in 1982 as a lever to private investment .

The impenetrable lack of doubt in the military mind , he reflected ; if it 's been okayed on the next step up , further question becomes unnecessary .
the impenetrable lack of doubt in the military mind , he [thought/showed] ; if it 's been okayed on the next step up , further question becomes unnecessary .

He 'd misjudged her , he reflected .
he 'd misjudged her , he [thought/showed] .

It was easy to do , as she shivered and looked out of the window at the thick snow that reflected the street lights upwards .
it was easy to do , as she shivered and looked out of the window at the thick snow that [thought/showed] the street lights upwards .

It had started to snow and the thin white covering reflected the lights of the two police cars as they swept down Yorckstrasse towards the hotel .
it had started to snow and the thin white covering [thought/showed] the lights of the two police cars as they swept down yorckstrasse towards the hotel .

In those days it reflected his ability in bed .
in those days it [thought/showed] his ability in bed .

‘ They so seldom are , ’ she reflected .
‘ they so seldom are , ’ she [thought/showed] .

This scientific revolution provoked a dramatic shift in the values of western civilization , as belief in the existence of a benevolent Creator was replaced by a more ruthless attitude reflected by the use of phrases such as ‘ the survival of the fittest ’ .
this scientific revolution provoked a dramatic shift in the values of western civilization , as belief in the existence of a benevolent creator was replaced by a more ruthless attitude [thought/showed] by the use of phrases such as ‘ the survival of the fittest ’ .

Their search for the order of Nature still reflected a ‘ modernized ’ version of the traditional belief that Nature expresses harmonious relationships transcending the everyday problem of coping with the environment .
their search for the order of nature still [thought/showed] a ‘ modernized ’ version of the traditional belief that nature expresses harmonious relationships transcending the everyday problem of coping with the environment .

Professional interests often shaped scientists ' attitudes towards new theories , but political rivalries were also reflected in different images of natural order .
professional interests often shaped scientists ' attitudes towards new theories , but political rivalries were also [thought/showed] in different images of natural order .

In fact , though , a vast amount of ink continued to be spilled in arguments over taxonomy , and disagreements over how to classify particular groups still reflected differing philosophical positions on the significance of natural relationships .
in fact , though , a vast amount of ink continued to be spilled in arguments over taxonomy , and disagreements over how to classify particular groups still [thought/showed] differing philosophical positions on the significance of natural relationships .

In his Philosophie anatomique of 1818–22 , Geoffroy argued that the basic similarity that allowed all the vertebrates to be assigned to a single type of organization reflected something more than mere engineering efficiency .
in his philosophie anatomique of 1818–22 , geoffroy argued that the basic similarity that allowed all the vertebrates to be assigned to a single type of organization [thought/showed] something more than mere engineering efficiency .

Transcendental anatomy thus revived the case for materialism by suggesting that the ‘ relationship ’ between similar species reflected a real genetic link resulting from natural processes of transformation .
transcendental anatomy thus revived the case for materialism by suggesting that the ‘ relationship ’ between similar species [thought/showed] a real genetic link resulting from natural processes of transformation .

The argument between Watson and Forbes was more than a mere priority dispute — it reflected a basic disagreement over the purpose of gathering geographical information . Although Watson wanted to go beyond mere taxonomy , he adopted an essentially descriptive approach to geographical studies and saw no point in advancing speculative explanations of how things came to be in their present state until much more data were available :
the argument between watson and forbes was more than a mere priority dispute — it [thought/showed] a basic disagreement over the purpose of gathering geographical information . although watson wanted to go beyond mere taxonomy , he adopted an essentially descriptive approach to geographical studies and saw no point in advancing speculative explanations of how things came to be in their present state until much more data were available :

This commercial imperialism was reflected in the liberal social evolutionism of the philosopher Herbert Spencer ( 1820–1903 ) , which assumed that laissez-faire individualism would spread around the world by simply demonstrating its efficiency as an economic system .
this commercial imperialism was [thought/showed] in the liberal social evolutionism of the philosopher herbert spencer ( 1820–1903 ) , which assumed that laissez-faire individualism would spread around the world by simply demonstrating its efficiency as an economic system .

And when Cardiff looked at the upside-down dead eyes of that head as they reflected in the torchlight , when he saw the teeth set in a clenched and hideous grin … he recognised the face immediately .
and when cardiff looked at the upside-down dead eyes of that head as they [thought/showed] in the torchlight , when he saw the teeth set in a clenched and hideous grin … he recognised the face immediately .

As she did so , the windscreen reflected the cloudy sky back at her as a white sheet .
as she did so , the windscreen [thought/showed] the cloudy sky back at her as a white sheet .

After Lulu had rung off , Charlotte thought about the four letters Beatrix had left with her and reflected that the contents of two were still a complete mystery .
after lulu had rung off , charlotte thought about the four letters beatrix had left with her and [thought/showed] that the contents of two were still a complete mystery .

Windows like blind eyes reflected the lights of passing cars .
windows like blind eyes [thought/showed] the lights of passing cars .

Two men sat at its head , their faces reflected in the gleaming surface .
two men sat at its head , their faces [thought/showed] in the gleaming surface .

She could see herself reflected in the glass orbs , a distorted image .
she could see herself [thought/showed] in the glass orbs , a distorted image .

Strange , how these savages celebrate calamity , Kit Everard reflected .
strange , how these savages celebrate calamity , kit everard [thought/showed] .

Another way of putting this is that students ' academic freedoms should be reflected in the internal culture of institutions of higher education .
another way of putting this is that students ' academic freedoms should be [thought/showed] in the internal culture of institutions of higher education .

If the past two years of desktop publishing has had an impact on the traditional typesetting market it must surely be reflected in the number of PostScript bureau that have sprung up around the country .
if the past two years of desktop publishing has had an impact on the traditional typesetting market it must surely be [thought/showed] in the number of postscript bureau that have sprung up around the country .

His green eyes , like chips of emerald , caught the light and reflected it coldly .
his green eyes , like chips of emerald , caught the light and [thought/showed] it coldly .

Lights from the banks reflected off the water like a black mirror .
lights from the banks [thought/showed] off the water like a black mirror .

He suggested that in the early stages of the industrial system , tactics like machine-breaking by agricultural labourers may indeed have reflected a clash between workers ‘ traditionalistic outlook ’ and the new methods of technical efficiency .
he suggested that in the early stages of the industrial system , tactics like machine-breaking by agricultural labourers may indeed have [thought/showed] a clash between workers ‘ traditionalistic outlook ’ and the new methods of technical efficiency .

This reflected the high level of local organisation of the early post-war years : industrial action sprang from the shopfloor , and the preponderance of unofficial or ‘ wildcat ’ strikes was a major industrial relations issue .
this [thought/showed] the high level of local organisation of the early post-war years : industrial action sprang from the shopfloor , and the preponderance of unofficial or ‘ wildcat ’ strikes was a major industrial relations issue .

Status . Weber argued that people 's social standing , as well as economic position , was significant in their position in society , and that the link between job/income and status is not always direct , e.g. respect for the sense of vocation attributed to nursing , social work etc. which is not reflected in economic reward or social power ; and
status . weber argued that people 's social standing , as well as economic position , was significant in their position in society , and that the link between job/income and status is not always direct , e.g. respect for the sense of vocation attributed to nursing , social work etc. which is not [thought/showed] in economic reward or social power ; and

As reflected in a matrix organisation , in project teams and task forces — in such organisations , there is no dominant or clear leader .
as [thought/showed] in a matrix organisation , in project teams and task forces — in such organisations , there is no dominant or clear leader .

The candlelight reflected in her glasses .
the candlelight [thought/showed] in her glasses .

He wanted the magazine to be ‘ in the vanguard of contemporary thought , the forefront of the battle ’ , and commissioned reviews , articles , stories , and poems which reflected this .
he wanted the magazine to be ‘ in the vanguard of contemporary thought , the forefront of the battle ’ , and commissioned reviews , articles , stories , and poems which [thought/showed] this .

He possessed a genius for friendship which is reflected in the many literary people who knew , liked , and respected him , from Arthur Waugh and Vyvyan Holland to Siegfried Sassoon [ q.v . ]
he possessed a genius for friendship which is [thought/showed] in the many literary people who knew , liked , and respected him , from arthur waugh and vyvyan holland to siegfried sassoon [ q.v . ]

, to reach a settlement with Simon , but the reimposition of the Provisions of Oxford which resulted reflected the realities of the political situation rather than Roger 's own political stance .
, to reach a settlement with simon , but the reimposition of the provisions of oxford which resulted [thought/showed] the realities of the political situation rather than roger 's own political stance .

The collection of his personal correspondence revealed much about the affairs of the twelfth century ; the semi-Romanesque , semi-Gothic design of his new cathedral reflected his own dual goals .
the collection of his personal correspondence revealed much about the affairs of the twelfth century ; the semi-romanesque , semi-gothic design of his new cathedral [thought/showed] his own dual goals .

But his shortcomings ( of which he was engagingly aware ) reflected those very traits of character which made him , in the words of The Times obituary , a great public servant and a most lovable man .
but his shortcomings ( of which he was engagingly aware ) [thought/showed] those very traits of character which made him , in the words of the times obituary , a great public servant and a most lovable man .

If this elevation to the highest level reflected John 's standing with his fellow magnates , in the ensuing years he gained and retained the confidence of the king .
if this elevation to the highest level [thought/showed] john 's standing with his fellow magnates , in the ensuing years he gained and retained the confidence of the king .

His interpretation of the nova of 1572 as a harbinger of Gustavus Adolphus reflected his religious and political outlook , and he counted the parliamentarian astrologer , John Booker [ q.v . ]
his interpretation of the nova of 1572 as a harbinger of gustavus adolphus [thought/showed] his religious and political outlook , and he counted the parliamentarian astrologer , john booker [ q.v . ]

During the 1920s and 1930s Nina Boyle 's interests reflected the diversity of feminist concerns of that time .
during the 1920s and 1930s nina boyle 's interests [thought/showed] the diversity of feminist concerns of that time .

Fairbank 's personality reflected wide cultural interests and a gift for friendship .
fairbank 's personality [thought/showed] wide cultural interests and a gift for friendship .

He reorganized the National Federation to make it more responsive to the needs of local associations , so encouraging affiliations , and revolutionized the Central Association 's conduct of elections , the improvements being reflected in a series of favourable by-election results at the end of the 1880s .
he reorganized the national federation to make it more responsive to the needs of local associations , so encouraging affiliations , and revolutionized the central association 's conduct of elections , the improvements being [thought/showed] in a series of favourable by-election results at the end of the 1880s .

The substantial portion of £18,000 doubtless reflected inter alia the disparity of age : Mary Banks was thirty , John Savile twenty-two .
the substantial portion of £18,000 doubtless [thought/showed] inter alia the disparity of age : mary banks was thirty , john savile twenty-two .

His preaching reflected emphases then popular with British evangelicals : the controversial ‘ holiness teaching ’ promoted by the ‘ Keswick convention ’ , anti-Catholicism , temperance , opposition to Anglo-Catholic ‘ ritualism ’ , and vehement campaigns against international prostitution rings .
his preaching [thought/showed] emphases then popular with british evangelicals : the controversial ‘ holiness teaching ’ promoted by the ‘ keswick convention ’ , anti-catholicism , temperance , opposition to anglo-catholic ‘ ritualism ’ , and vehement campaigns against international prostitution rings .

The political movements of the 1900s in the Glasgow region had their own peculiarities but also reflected national divisions .
the political movements of the 1900s in the glasgow region had their own peculiarities but also [thought/showed] national divisions .

Bored with the formalities of mid-Victorian high society , often scornfully documented in her private diaries , she sought refuge in a form of neurasthenia and turned her hand to writing popular fiction , producing half a dozen still very readable novels which reflected her rebellious discontent with women 's role as second-class citizens in a world dominated by largely untalented men .
bored with the formalities of mid-victorian high society , often scornfully documented in her private diaries , she sought refuge in a form of neurasthenia and turned her hand to writing popular fiction , producing half a dozen still very readable novels which [thought/showed] her rebellious discontent with women 's role as second-class citizens in a world dominated by largely untalented men .

The political overtones to this imbroglio reflected the need of King Stephen [ q.v . ]
the political overtones to this imbroglio [thought/showed] the need of king stephen [ q.v . ]

This is reflected in his use of the new occupational title ‘ chemist ’ .
this is [thought/showed] in his use of the new occupational title ‘ chemist ’ .

His wide engagement with the natural world was reflected equally in his remarkable paintings of birds ( shown in their habitats , yet often seen almost as personalities ) , of animals , and of British and foreign landscapes .
his wide engagement with the natural world was [thought/showed] equally in his remarkable paintings of birds ( shown in their habitats , yet often seen almost as personalities ) , of animals , and of british and foreign landscapes .

The title ( and contents ) reflected even more strongly , however , his deep , but never flaunted , religious conviction .
the title ( and contents ) [thought/showed] even more strongly , however , his deep , but never flaunted , religious conviction .

The rapid growth of the firm is reflected in its catalogues .
the rapid growth of the firm is [thought/showed] in its catalogues .

The depth and catholicity of his detailed learning reflected a complex and singular personality .
the depth and catholicity of his detailed learning [thought/showed] a complex and singular personality .

His parental maxim , ‘ if you do not serve others , you will not have been worth the upbringing ’ , is reflected in her dedication to a life of service to humanity .
his parental maxim , ‘ if you do not serve others , you will not have been worth the upbringing ’ , is [thought/showed] in her dedication to a life of service to humanity .

In 1843 he designed his celebrated ‘ triple kirks ’ for three Free Church congregations whose financial constraint is reflected in their brick spires .
in 1843 he designed his celebrated ‘ triple kirks ’ for three free church congregations whose financial constraint is [thought/showed] in their brick spires .

Extremely generous and dutiful , Winifred Holtby sacrificed much of her time and energy to her friends and family ( she later likened her life to ‘ a clear stream which has simply reflected other people 's stories and problems ’ ) .
extremely generous and dutiful , winifred holtby sacrificed much of her time and energy to her friends and family ( she later likened her life to ‘ a clear stream which has simply [thought/showed] other people 's stories and problems ’ ) .

Hence his stay on the Continent strongly influenced the ambivalent feelings he was to entertain towards the war , reflected so strikingly in his poetry .
hence his stay on the continent strongly influenced the ambivalent feelings he was to entertain towards the war , [thought/showed] so strikingly in his poetry .

Offwood 's publishing projects reflected his political and religious interests .
offwood 's publishing projects [thought/showed] his political and religious interests .

His stern personality and disdain for idleness were reflected in his practice of keeping only one chair in his office , on which he sat while visitors stood .
his stern personality and disdain for idleness were [thought/showed] in his practice of keeping only one chair in his office , on which he sat while visitors stood .

This reflected the gross previous neglect of industrial scientific research in Britain .
this [thought/showed] the gross previous neglect of industrial scientific research in britain .

His interest in education was reflected in his active role in founding University College , Liverpool , in 1881 : when it became the University of Liverpool in 1903 he was elected pro-chancellor .
his interest in education was [thought/showed] in his active role in founding university college , liverpool , in 1881 : when it became the university of liverpool in 1903 he was elected pro-chancellor .

Hinchley 's thinking was reflected in his teaching and his methods trained men to work well in the chemical industry of the day .
hinchley 's thinking was [thought/showed] in his teaching and his methods trained men to work well in the chemical industry of the day .

His work in geology was of equal importance , since he developed a technique for viewing slivers of rock directly through a microscope ( by cementing the mineral to a glass plate and grinding it to an extreme thinness ) , thus allowing its structure to be visualized by direct microscopy , rather than through use of reflected light , which revealed only its surface qualities .
his work in geology was of equal importance , since he developed a technique for viewing slivers of rock directly through a microscope ( by cementing the mineral to a glass plate and grinding it to an extreme thinness ) , thus allowing its structure to be visualized by direct microscopy , rather than through use of [thought/showed] light , which revealed only its surface qualities .

The text of the Botanical Cabinet , combining scientific information with pious observations , reflected Loddiges 's deeply held religious convictions .
the text of the botanical cabinet , combining scientific information with pious observations , [thought/showed] loddiges 's deeply held religious convictions .

Hiorne 's antiquarian leanings are reflected in his election as a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries in 1784 ; and like his father , who had been an alderman of Warwick and served as mayor in 1765–6 , he was also a prominent figure in the public life of his home town .
hiorne 's antiquarian leanings are [thought/showed] in his election as a fellow of the society of antiquaries in 1784 ; and like his father , who had been an alderman of warwick and served as mayor in 1765–6 , he was also a prominent figure in the public life of his home town .

Perhaps the financial strain is reflected in Fitzjohn 's sale of Ringwood Manor ( Hampshire ) for 2,250 marks ; but he was on good terms with Clare , in and after 1267 appearing as a member of his entourage .
perhaps the financial strain is [thought/showed] in fitzjohn 's sale of ringwood manor ( hampshire ) for 2,250 marks ; but he was on good terms with clare , in and after 1267 appearing as a member of his entourage .

Two later works reflected Sparke 's professional concerns as a stationer .
two later works [thought/showed] sparke 's professional concerns as a stationer .

She was one of the first of the British geographers whose interests covered the whole range of the field , and this breadth is reflected in her many writings .
she was one of the first of the british geographers whose interests covered the whole range of the field , and this breadth is [thought/showed] in her many writings .

Despite his long and honourable career , he is mainly remembered for his American ministry , the unfavourable accounts of which reflected Jefferson 's animosity towards Britain and Merry .
despite his long and honourable career , he is mainly remembered for his american ministry , the unfavourable accounts of which [thought/showed] jefferson 's animosity towards britain and merry .

The classes offered by the project reflected an emphasis on instrumental and vocational education .
the classes offered by the project [thought/showed] an emphasis on instrumental and vocational education .

Like similar developments in Europe , North America and Australia , these initiatives reflected a wide range of activities and corresponding educational , social and political philosophies , sometimes openly stated , often not .
like similar developments in europe , north america and australia , these initiatives [thought/showed] a wide range of activities and corresponding educational , social and political philosophies , sometimes openly stated , often not .

At the beginning of the 1980s a group of community activists , trade unionists , community educators , peace workers and feminists met and agreed that what was needed was a reappraisal of previous efforts in the field , a conscious effort to determine their own social and political position and to choose an educational model or approach which reflected the latter .
at the beginning of the 1980s a group of community activists , trade unionists , community educators , peace workers and feminists met and agreed that what was needed was a reappraisal of previous efforts in the field , a conscious effort to determine their own social and political position and to choose an educational model or approach which [thought/showed] the latter .

Until recently company law , with its relative freedom from stringent regulations , reflected this national belief .
until recently company law , with its relative freedom from stringent regulations , [thought/showed] this national belief .

‘ Why ? ’ She wanted to see whether his doubts reflected her own .
‘ why ? ’ she wanted to see whether his doubts [thought/showed] her own .

However this difference might not have reflected the additional time taken to draw an inference in the indirect antecedent condition , but rather that there was repetition of a noun in the direct antecedent condition but not in the indirect antecedent condition .
however this difference might not have [thought/showed] the additional time taken to draw an inference in the indirect antecedent condition , but rather that there was repetition of a noun in the direct antecedent condition but not in the indirect antecedent condition .

These divisions were reflected in the constituencies and so there was a breakdown in party discipline and a resurgence of freedom of action among MPs .
these divisions were [thought/showed] in the constituencies and so there was a breakdown in party discipline and a resurgence of freedom of action among mps .

Equally , the basic legal principles enshrined in various Soviet constitutions since 1917 reflected the dominance of the principles of Marxism-Leninism .
equally , the basic legal principles enshrined in various soviet constitutions since 1917 [thought/showed] the dominance of the principles of marxism-leninism .

Apart from the agreements on ozone depletion , which reflected the urgency of the issue , there has been little progress towards global management of global issues .
apart from the agreements on ozone depletion , which [thought/showed] the urgency of the issue , there has been little progress towards global management of global issues .

We might think that any differences reflected poorer performance but it may just be that they merely reflect the different impact of specific price changes on drugs compared with books .
we might think that any differences [thought/showed] poorer performance but it may just be that they merely reflect the different impact of specific price changes on drugs compared with books .

The benefits of more extensive methods for dating and environmental reconstruction were also reflected in the investigation of Quaternary morphogenesis in areas beyond ice sheets .
the benefits of more extensive methods for dating and environmental reconstruction were also [thought/showed] in the investigation of quaternary morphogenesis in areas beyond ice sheets .

Although emphasis was initially upon recognition of the variety of landscape features , sediments and structures that could be developed under periglacial conditions , the potential subsequently arose of developing a greater knowledge of phases of periglacial landscape development , and in Poland and other countries in Europe this emphasis was clearly evident in research in the 1960s and much of the research was reflected in Periglacial Geomorphology ( Embleton and King , 1975 ) which was one of two books to derive from the earlier Glacial and Periglacial Geomorphology ( Embleton and King , 1968 ) .
although emphasis was initially upon recognition of the variety of landscape features , sediments and structures that could be developed under periglacial conditions , the potential subsequently arose of developing a greater knowledge of phases of periglacial landscape development , and in poland and other countries in europe this emphasis was clearly evident in research in the 1960s and much of the research was [thought/showed] in periglacial geomorphology ( embleton and king , 1975 ) which was one of two books to derive from the earlier glacial and periglacial geomorphology ( embleton and king , 1968 ) .

There were also indications that branches of physical geography were acknowledging the necessity for studies of processes in view of the way in which processes were featuring more prominently in related disciplines . This is reflected in the intentions of journals and in 1947 in the Journal of Glaciology the content of a leaflet issued by the British Glaciological Society was recalled in which
there were also indications that branches of physical geography were acknowledging the necessity for studies of processes in view of the way in which processes were featuring more prominently in related disciplines . this is [thought/showed] in the intentions of journals and in 1947 in the journal of glaciology the content of a leaflet issued by the british glaciological society was recalled in which

The pages of many of the new journals initiated after 1960 ( Table 1.1. p. 6 ) were commonly occupied by results of investigations of environmental processes and existing journals also reflected an influx of process-based papers .
the pages of many of the new journals initiated after 1960 ( table 1.1. p. 6 ) were commonly occupied by results of investigations of environmental processes and existing journals also [thought/showed] an influx of process-based papers .

In addition to many research contributions in the field of fluvial morphology which are reflected in the books that succeeded Leopold , Wolman and Miller ( 1964 ) and were devoted to streams ( Morisawa , 1968 ) , to drainage basin form and process ( Gregory and Walling , 1973 ) , to water and environmental planning ( Dunne and Leopold , 1978 ) , and to alluvial river channels ( Richards , 1982 ) , there were also books produced by geographers dealing with hydrology ( Ward , 1967 ) and with aspects of hydrology such as floods ( Ward , 1978 ) .
in addition to many research contributions in the field of fluvial morphology which are [thought/showed] in the books that succeeded leopold , wolman and miller ( 1964 ) and were devoted to streams ( morisawa , 1968 ) , to drainage basin form and process ( gregory and walling , 1973 ) , to water and environmental planning ( dunne and leopold , 1978 ) , and to alluvial river channels ( richards , 1982 ) , there were also books produced by geographers dealing with hydrology ( ward , 1967 ) and with aspects of hydrology such as floods ( ward , 1978 ) .

Secondly a trend reflected in the juxtaposition of investigations of physical environment and of the socio-economic relevance was exemplified by Water , Earth and Man ( Chorley , 1969 ) and by the Value of the Weather in which Maunder ( 1970 ) introduced the range of atmospheric hazards and then proceeded to evaluate their cost in terms of studies of economic impact and the costs of hazard relief .
secondly a trend [thought/showed] in the juxtaposition of investigations of physical environment and of the socio-economic relevance was exemplified by water , earth and man ( chorley , 1969 ) and by the value of the weather in which maunder ( 1970 ) introduced the range of atmospheric hazards and then proceeded to evaluate their cost in terms of studies of economic impact and the costs of hazard relief .

In the 1960s the import of the systems approach to geomorphology was probably reflected most significantly in the emphasis which developed in research investigations as many more dynamic investigations appeared .
in the 1960s the import of the systems approach to geomorphology was probably [thought/showed] most significantly in the emphasis which developed in research investigations as many more dynamic investigations appeared .

This reflected the successful Soviet cultivation of this small state and it helped the Soviet Union legitimise a number of its cherished initiatives for the Mediterranean .
this [thought/showed] the successful soviet cultivation of this small state and it helped the soviet union legitimise a number of its cherished initiatives for the mediterranean .

It primarily reflected nuclear strategic concerns .
it primarily [thought/showed] nuclear strategic concerns .

If the sea is deep right up to the coast the waves may reach the coast and be reflected back without breaking .
if the sea is deep right up to the coast the waves may reach the coast and be [thought/showed] back without breaking .

The reflected waves interfere with the incoming waves to produce a pattern of standing waves or clapotis , the crests of which always appear in the same places ( Fig .
the [thought/showed] waves interfere with the incoming waves to produce a pattern of standing waves or clapotis , the crests of which always appear in the same places ( fig .

Taylor was an engineer by training and his approach to understanding organisations reflected both his scientific background and the belief in science as the solution to society 's problems that was so characteristic of the late nineteenth century .
taylor was an engineer by training and his approach to understanding organisations [thought/showed] both his scientific background and the belief in science as the solution to society 's problems that was so characteristic of the late nineteenth century .

As Haynes points out , the planning process reflected this in that it ‘ usually took the form of a series of isolated , departmental exercises which lacked any common framework of reference apart from the central control of financial input ’ ( Haynes , 1980 , p. 82 ) .
as haynes points out , the planning process [thought/showed] this in that it ‘ usually took the form of a series of isolated , departmental exercises which lacked any common framework of reference apart from the central control of financial input ’ ( haynes , 1980 , p. 82 ) .

There was a political culture of stability ‘ thriving on the creation of symbolic dragons — the English , the Tories , the Church of England , Twickenham ’ ( Griffiths , 1987 , p. 215 ) , a lack of a corporate revolution and an inherent conservatism reflected by one councillor who believed that borrowing money to finance capital expenditure was tantamount to creative accounting .
there was a political culture of stability ‘ thriving on the creation of symbolic dragons — the english , the tories , the church of england , twickenham ’ ( griffiths , 1987 , p. 215 ) , a lack of a corporate revolution and an inherent conservatism [thought/showed] by one councillor who believed that borrowing money to finance capital expenditure was tantamount to creative accounting .

The service has been the victim of organisational reforms in 1974 and 1982 , which reflected the conventional wisdom in the administrative thinking of those times .
the service has been the victim of organisational reforms in 1974 and 1982 , which [thought/showed] the conventional wisdom in the administrative thinking of those times .

The increased use of independent learning at higher levels within the pathway is reflected in the assessment pattern within the modules .
the increased use of independent learning at higher levels within the pathway is [thought/showed] in the assessment pattern within the modules .

This has naturally been reflected in changes in methodology , particularly in a movement away from course impression analysis towards student performance analysis .
this has naturally been [thought/showed] in changes in methodology , particularly in a movement away from course impression analysis towards student performance analysis .

European railways not only reflected but also played their part in institutionalizing the stratified class system which had emerged in the wake of the Industrial Revolution .
european railways not only [thought/showed] but also played their part in institutionalizing the stratified class system which had emerged in the wake of the industrial revolution .

This class division is further reflected , as profound truths so often are , in humour .
this class division is further [thought/showed] , as profound truths so often are , in humour .

In Europe and the United States , stations reflected the tone of the areas they served , in their style of architecture , in the services they provided .
in europe and the united states , stations [thought/showed] the tone of the areas they served , in their style of architecture , in the services they provided .

Railway stations not only illuminated the full social and racial hierarchy of the railway traveller , they also reflected the great range of employment offered by the railways themselves .
railway stations not only illuminated the full social and racial hierarchy of the railway traveller , they also [thought/showed] the great range of employment offered by the railways themselves .

Stations reflected most powerfully , however , the desire of their male designers and operators to protect women .
stations [thought/showed] most powerfully , however , the desire of their male designers and operators to protect women .

The installations of the great freight yards and stations of these systems reflected these concerns and Chicago represented them most profoundly of all .
the installations of the great freight yards and stations of these systems [thought/showed] these concerns and chicago represented them most profoundly of all .

’ The lean-to trapped the heat of the fire , and the hobbled horses on the other side of the flames reflected the warmth also .
’ the lean-to trapped the heat of the fire , and the hobbled horses on the other side of the flames [thought/showed] the warmth also .

The shop 's profile is reflected in the sales , which over any given trading year are largely 50 % books and 50 % non-books .
the shop 's profile is [thought/showed] in the sales , which over any given trading year are largely 50 % books and 50 % non-books .

There is considerable uncertainty , reflected in Department of Health ( 1984 , 1989 ) guidance , about the extent to which community care is feasible for this client group .
there is considerable uncertainty , [thought/showed] in department of health ( 1984 , 1989 ) guidance , about the extent to which community care is feasible for this client group .

Although activity patterns themselves do not provide much information about such qualitative goals as the choice open to an individual , or the respect in which they are held , it is at least arguable that improvements in these areas will be reflected in the variety of activities and the extent of the person 's participation in them ; and that if low levels of engagement in meaningful activity are found this reflects a genuine problem whatever other measures may indicate ( Mansell et al .
although activity patterns themselves do not provide much information about such qualitative goals as the choice open to an individual , or the respect in which they are held , it is at least arguable that improvements in these areas will be [thought/showed] in the variety of activities and the extent of the person 's participation in them ; and that if low levels of engagement in meaningful activity are found this reflects a genuine problem whatever other measures may indicate ( mansell et al .

The single candle was reflected in her shining eyes like a diamond .
the single candle was [thought/showed] in her shining eyes like a diamond .

There was water on the road , where the stars could be seen reflected .
there was water on the road , where the stars could be seen [thought/showed] .

Later he reflected that perhaps it was not so surprising because of the conflict Maureen had described between Barron and her father and between Barron and herself .
later he [thought/showed] that perhaps it was not so surprising because of the conflict maureen had described between barron and her father and between barron and herself .

There were shocked protests but the argument degenerated into a disgruntled murmur as people reflected that to cross Riley might mean ending up as Harbury 's assistant on the Girlie patrol .
there were shocked protests but the argument degenerated into a disgruntled murmur as people [thought/showed] that to cross riley might mean ending up as harbury 's assistant on the girlie patrol .

As she approached the back entrance to the place , Cleo reflected that , even if she 'd had the money , she would never want to live in a building like this .
as she approached the back entrance to the place , cleo [thought/showed] that , even if she 'd had the money , she would never want to live in a building like this .

If there is anything to quibble about in Wilson 's thorough and engaging study which also relies on an extensive body of secondary material , as reflected in the footnotes and excellent up-to-date bibliography , it is in the section relating to the musical sources of the lauda in the 15th and early 16th centuries .
if there is anything to quibble about in wilson 's thorough and engaging study which also relies on an extensive body of secondary material , as [thought/showed] in the footnotes and excellent up-to-date bibliography , it is in the section relating to the musical sources of the lauda in the 15th and early 16th centuries .

Moreover , if , as the majority believe , there is a clear difference between rape of a cohabiting spouse and other forms of rape , then the public and a fortiori the judiciary will surely recognise the distinction and appreciate that it will be reflected occasionally in sentencing .
moreover , if , as the majority believe , there is a clear difference between rape of a cohabiting spouse and other forms of rape , then the public and a fortiori the judiciary will surely recognise the distinction and appreciate that it will be [thought/showed] occasionally in sentencing .

Jordan , very serious now , reflected .
jordan , very serious now , [thought/showed] .

It was dark and the car was buffeted by the wind ; the headlights were scarcely reflected from the black road surface or from the moorland turf on either side .
it was dark and the car was buffeted by the wind ; the headlights were scarcely [thought/showed] from the black road surface or from the moorland turf on either side .

Wycliffe reflected how little children knew of their parents .
wycliffe [thought/showed] how little children knew of their parents .

She 'd certainly never reflected on the nature of performance before .
she 'd certainly never [thought/showed] on the nature of performance before .

Josie reflected on how easily , with just a change of clothes and a few amateur touches , Lucy had managed to transform herself into a resurrected image of her own sister .
josie [thought/showed] on how easily , with just a change of clothes and a few amateur touches , lucy had managed to transform herself into a resurrected image of her own sister .

The banks and cuttings have been left ‘ wild ’ for so long that they are rich in plant life with tremendous variation which is reflected in the 60 different bird species that may be seen along the line .
the banks and cuttings have been left ‘ wild ’ for so long that they are rich in plant life with tremendous variation which is [thought/showed] in the 60 different bird species that may be seen along the line .

The following objectives are developed in the Plan 's detailed policies and are reflected in its overall strategy to meet future demands .
the following objectives are developed in the plan 's detailed policies and are [thought/showed] in its overall strategy to meet future demands .

The Council would welcome any comments or suggestions on these proposals , particularly with regard to the high or low level options for the route in the vicinity of the Baberton and Westburn housing developments , so that public opinion can be reflected in the design of the road where possible .
the council would welcome any comments or suggestions on these proposals , particularly with regard to the high or low level options for the route in the vicinity of the baberton and westburn housing developments , so that public opinion can be [thought/showed] in the design of the road where possible .

In September 1978 a discussion paper was published and exhibitions were mounted to ensure that public opinion was reflected in the preparation of the road plans .
in september 1978 a discussion paper was published and exhibitions were mounted to ensure that public opinion was [thought/showed] in the preparation of the road plans .

This is also reflected in the national data .
this is also [thought/showed] in the national data .

The dynamic of any pricing systems or ceilings in adjusting or creating the range of care services needed to meet assessed need , together with the importance of client need and social work values being reflected in purchasing strategy .
the dynamic of any pricing systems or ceilings in adjusting or creating the range of care services needed to meet assessed need , together with the importance of client need and social work values being [thought/showed] in purchasing strategy .

This broad spectrum of interests is reflected in the material acquired for the Library by the department .
this broad spectrum of interests is [thought/showed] in the material acquired for the library by the department .

Increased production and a higher operating profit are reflected in improved profits before exceptional items after tax .
increased production and a higher operating profit are [thought/showed] in improved profits before exceptional items after tax .

Increasing concern over the effects of dredging sand and gravel from submerged offshore banks was reflected in our call for a full Environmental Assessment of an application for a licence to dredge part of the Helwick Bank off Gower .
increasing concern over the effects of dredging sand and gravel from submerged offshore banks was [thought/showed] in our call for a full environmental assessment of an application for a licence to dredge part of the helwick bank off gower .

The surrounding hills are reflected in the position of the figurative elements ; the geometric parts mirror the life of the building .
the surrounding hills are [thought/showed] in the position of the figurative elements ; the geometric parts mirror the life of the building .

Orchestral concerts feature prominently in the Bank 's sponsorship programme and the unique nationwide branch network of the Bank is reflected in the geographical spread of the orchestras which it supports .
orchestral concerts feature prominently in the bank 's sponsorship programme and the unique nationwide branch network of the bank is [thought/showed] in the geographical spread of the orchestras which it supports .

This is also reflected in a soon-to-be released report by the Standing Advisory Committee on Trunk Road Assessment which has spent two years studying new economic techniques of valuing the environment .
this is also [thought/showed] in a soon-to-be released report by the standing advisory committee on trunk road assessment which has spent two years studying new economic techniques of valuing the environment .

Pride in the past , pride in achievement and the constant search for excellence are things that percolate through the Guinness Group and are reflected in its discerning customers everywhere .
pride in the past , pride in achievement and the constant search for excellence are things that percolate through the guinness group and are [thought/showed] in its discerning customers everywhere .

The single most obvious way in which the relationship between language and context is reflected in the structures of languages themselves , is through the phenomenon of deixis .
the single most obvious way in which the relationship between language and context is [thought/showed] in the structures of languages themselves , is through the phenomenon of deixis .

In time many of these distinctions will perhaps be found reflected in the grammatical categories of some language or another ( see Levinson , in prep . )
in time many of these distinctions will perhaps be found [thought/showed] in the grammatical categories of some language or another ( see levinson , in prep . )

This is reflected by the fact that , in the absence of express provision , it is now quite legitimate for the employee to compete with his old employer and to canvass his customers .
this is [thought/showed] by the fact that , in the absence of express provision , it is now quite legitimate for the employee to compete with his old employer and to canvass his customers .

The figures thus lend support to any intuitive sense we have that the effect of his ordeal in scene six is reflected in his being less willing to talk at length .
the figures thus lend support to any intuitive sense we have that the effect of his ordeal in scene six is [thought/showed] in his being less willing to talk at length .

By self-selecting he actually creates the risk of face-loss himself , a fact which is reflected in the lack of assuredness in his utterance .
by self-selecting he actually creates the risk of face-loss himself , a fact which is [thought/showed] in the lack of assuredness in his utterance .

Scene six , though , is a clear exception , and its confrontational atmosphere is reflected in the nature of Anderson 's interruptions of the Czech police captain .
scene six , though , is a clear exception , and its confrontational atmosphere is [thought/showed] in the nature of anderson 's interruptions of the czech police captain .

When making arrangements , however , local authorities must consider the different racial groups to which the children in need within their area belong ( Sched 2 , para 11 ( a ) ) and this should presumably be reflected in the facilities available .
when making arrangements , however , local authorities must consider the different racial groups to which the children in need within their area belong ( sched 2 , para 11 ( a ) ) and this should presumably be [thought/showed] in the facilities available .

This principle is reflected in the rules which govern procedural matters .
this principle is [thought/showed] in the rules which govern procedural matters .

This approach is reflected in the courts ' attitude to business contracts generally .
this approach is [thought/showed] in the courts ' attitude to business contracts generally .

Encompassing such a range at all is a considerable achievement , and its value will no doubt be reflected in the increased skills of both the students and tutors who use it .
encompassing such a range at all is a considerable achievement , and its value will no doubt be [thought/showed] in the increased skills of both the students and tutors who use it .

Dicey 's description of jurors as shopkeepers reflected the former property owning qualification for jury service .
dicey 's description of jurors as shopkeepers [thought/showed] the former property owning qualification for jury service .

The question always is whether the defamation is of the class itself ( in which case no action arises ) or whether ordinary readers would believe that it reflected directly on the individual plaintiff .
the question always is whether the defamation is of the class itself ( in which case no action arises ) or whether ordinary readers would believe that it [thought/showed] directly on the individual plaintiff .

Clinically the consequences are reflected as inappetence , weight loss and diarrhoea , the precise cause of the diarrhoea being unknown .
clinically the consequences are [thought/showed] as inappetence , weight loss and diarrhoea , the precise cause of the diarrhoea being unknown .

So the crucial interpretive assumption of conventionalism , that our legal practice can sensibly be seen as structured by central and pervasive legal conventions about legislation and precedent , seems to be reflected in ordinary experience .
so the crucial interpretive assumption of conventionalism , that our legal practice can sensibly be seen as structured by central and pervasive legal conventions about legislation and precedent , seems to be [thought/showed] in ordinary experience .

The `` Peace Ballot `` had shown considerable support for the use of economic and even military sanctions against an aggressor and this popular attitude was reflected in the policy adopted by the Trades Union Congress and the dominant block of union officials within the Labour Party .
the `` peace ballot `` had shown considerable support for the use of economic and even military sanctions against an aggressor and this popular attitude was [thought/showed] in the policy adopted by the trades union congress and the dominant block of union officials within the labour party .

The new policy of the Party was reflected not only in its increased strength but in its composition .
the new policy of the party was [thought/showed] not only in its increased strength but in its composition .

The Trotskyist movement reflected the traditions of the pre-Revolutionary Russian Socialist groups , from which it seemed to draw much of its inspiration and terminology .
the trotskyist movement [thought/showed] the traditions of the pre-revolutionary russian socialist groups , from which it seemed to draw much of its inspiration and terminology .

As Ronni watched him , jolted a little by this show of anger , she reflected that it was a blessing this was n't Jeff 's only job .
as ronni watched him , jolted a little by this show of anger , she [thought/showed] that it was a blessing this was n't jeff 's only job .

They 're extraordinary , she reflected .
they 're extraordinary , she [thought/showed] .

That sounded dull and unexciting , she reflected , feeling guilty and telling herself she should n't be thinking such things .
that sounded dull and unexciting , she [thought/showed] , feeling guilty and telling herself she should n't be thinking such things .

And she reflected that even his body was built for speed .
and she [thought/showed] that even his body was built for speed .

She was feeling perfectly relaxed , almost carefree , she reflected , a mood that had unfolded in the course of their journey .
she was feeling perfectly relaxed , almost carefree , she [thought/showed] , a mood that had unfolded in the course of their journey .

He was a man anyone would remember , she reflected with a flicker of admiration .
he was a man anyone would remember , she [thought/showed] with a flicker of admiration .

It was the social and political change of the nineteenth and early twentieth centaury that was reflected both in Nasser 's background and in his early political thinking and activity .
it was the social and political change of the nineteenth and early twentieth centaury that was [thought/showed] both in nasser 's background and in his early political thinking and activity .

It was obvious that they , too , had realised what a professional job it was , something reflected in their searching questions as to whether she thought she had any enemies .
it was obvious that they , too , had realised what a professional job it was , something [thought/showed] in their searching questions as to whether she thought she had any enemies .

Luke drew the car to a halt in front of the house and cut the engine , turning in the seat to face her , his eyes so black that she could see tiny images of herself reflected in their depths .
luke drew the car to a halt in front of the house and cut the engine , turning in the seat to face her , his eyes so black that she could see tiny images of herself [thought/showed] in their depths .

As she knew to her cost , his appearance accurately reflected his character : a hard , dangerous man who scarcely bothered to mask his raw , vibrantly physical aura of controlled savagery .
as she knew to her cost , his appearance accurately [thought/showed] his character : a hard , dangerous man who scarcely bothered to mask his raw , vibrantly physical aura of controlled savagery .

With low prices being realised and the distinct lack of enthusiasm from the floor , the Onslow 's auction reflected the depressed condition of the market .
with low prices being realised and the distinct lack of enthusiasm from the floor , the onslow 's auction [thought/showed] the depressed condition of the market .

The extent to which this is reflected in domestic retail prices is illustrated in Figure 5.4 .
the extent to which this is [thought/showed] in domestic retail prices is illustrated in figure 5.4 .

It is an undeniable fact that the massive changes in the domestic market have not been reflected in drinks tax policy .
it is an undeniable fact that the massive changes in the domestic market have not been [thought/showed] in drinks tax policy .

The extent to which excise duties are reflected in domestic retail prices is illustrated in Figure 3.2 .
the extent to which excise duties are [thought/showed] in domestic retail prices is illustrated in figure 3.2 .

As he plunged his fork into the confection Therese reflected that it was very difficult not to like a man who enjoyed life as much as Willi Zimmermann .
as he plunged his fork into the confection therese [thought/showed] that it was very difficult not to like a man who enjoyed life as much as willi zimmermann .

She was upset , but later reflected it had n't been as bad as it could have been .
she was upset , but later [thought/showed] it had n't been as bad as it could have been .

Pity he ca n't sing , act , and has no charm , he reflected .
pity he ca n't sing , act , and has no charm , he [thought/showed] .

Her teacher had been right all those years ago , reflected Busacher .
her teacher had been right all those years ago , [thought/showed] busacher .

But , he reflected idly , the little Hoflin thing had been so much prettier , so much more uncritically adoring .
but , he [thought/showed] idly , the little hoflin thing had been so much prettier , so much more uncritically adoring .

‘ Thank God for Madge , ’ Busacher reflected grimly as the curtain went up and the enchanted ballroom brought a round of applause from the audience .
‘ thank god for madge , ’ busacher [thought/showed] grimly as the curtain went up and the enchanted ballroom brought a round of applause from the audience .

Research on crisis support invariably focuses on the notion of coping , but the complexity of this idea is not always reflected in intervention studies .
research on crisis support invariably focuses on the notion of coping , but the complexity of this idea is not always [thought/showed] in intervention studies .

The growing importance of the Western European markets is reflected in the Council 's Euro-drive and this programme has attracted valuable private sector sponsorship .
the growing importance of the western european markets is [thought/showed] in the council 's euro-drive and this programme has attracted valuable private sector sponsorship .

Almost half quoted Hartley , 11 and others made correlations between O'Keeffe 's art and her body that specifically reflected an awareness of Rosenfeld 's ideas .
almost half quoted hartley , 11 and others made correlations between o'keeffe 's art and her body that specifically [thought/showed] an awareness of rosenfeld 's ideas .

This was reflected in the difficulty which a number of local law societies clearly experienced in attempting to arrive at agreed conclusions on the questions posed .
this was [thought/showed] in the difficulty which a number of local law societies clearly experienced in attempting to arrive at agreed conclusions on the questions posed .

However , most respondents who were not themselves sole practitioners stopped well short of endorsing this argument although they were often inclined to the view that in choosing to practice in this way , sole principals should accept that the greater risk they represented to the profession should be reflected in increased contributions on their part to the Compensation and Indemnity Funds .
however , most respondents who were not themselves sole practitioners stopped well short of endorsing this argument although they were often inclined to the view that in choosing to practice in this way , sole principals should accept that the greater risk they represented to the profession should be [thought/showed] in increased contributions on their part to the compensation and indemnity funds .

Indeed , the more they reflected on it , the better it appeared , and they quickly passed from affecting forgetfulness to unaffected obduracy .
indeed , the more they [thought/showed] on it , the better it appeared , and they quickly passed from affecting forgetfulness to unaffected obduracy .

In a broad-scale study of cloud forests , it was concluded that random colonization had played an important part in determining the species compositions of different ones and that the predominance of widespread species of successional habitats elsewhere reflected a high rate of generalist dispersal .
in a broad-scale study of cloud forests , it was concluded that random colonization had played an important part in determining the species compositions of different ones and that the predominance of widespread species of successional habitats elsewhere [thought/showed] a high rate of generalist dispersal .

This is reflected in the pattern of distribution of the indigenous Coniferae , viz .
this is [thought/showed] in the pattern of distribution of the indigenous coniferae , viz .

The richest centres have the most complicated mosaics of different habitat types reflected in topography , soils and vegetation .
the richest centres have the most complicated mosaics of different habitat types [thought/showed] in topography , soils and vegetation .

The regeneration strategy of each of the 12 species was worked out and the percentage occurrence of certain of these differentiating the forest types on the island reflected different meteorological regimes .
the regeneration strategy of each of the 12 species was worked out and the percentage occurrence of certain of these differentiating the forest types on the island [thought/showed] different meteorological regimes .

Added to this must be an element of chance in that not everything can be evenly distributed nor is disturbance predictable , as reflected in the ‘ first come , first served ’ stands of pioneers .
added to this must be an element of chance in that not everything can be evenly distributed nor is disturbance predictable , as [thought/showed] in the ‘ first come , first served ’ stands of pioneers .

In divertissements , although it is possible that they reflected the spectacle in some way when dances were characterized , large-scale key-changes seem to have been brought in mainly for the sake of musical variety . In action scenes , on the other hand , they serve a dramatic
in divertissements , although it is possible that they [thought/showed] the spectacle in some way when dances were characterized , large-scale key-changes seem to have been brought in mainly for the sake of musical variety . in action scenes , on the other hand , they serve a dramatic

See for instance ex.2e from the first quintet of Die Zauberflöte , where the forceful words ‘ Hass , Verleumdung , schwarzer Galle ’ ( ‘ hatred , calumny , black gall ’ ) are reflected by a similarly forceful hail-type articulation that is indicated by clear strokes for the violins .
see for instance ex.2e from the first quintet of die zauberflöte , where the forceful words ‘ hass , verleumdung , schwarzer galle ’ ( ‘ hatred , calumny , black gall ’ ) are [thought/showed] by a similarly forceful hail-type articulation that is indicated by clear strokes for the violins .

The question of the role of the director , le chef ; is a more complex one . In a recent article Poppy Holden has reflected upon the work of several major English choirs specializing in early music and suggests that some of their directors would regard this as the ideal way to work :
the question of the role of the director , le chef ; is a more complex one . in a recent article poppy holden has [thought/showed] upon the work of several major english choirs specializing in early music and suggests that some of their directors would regard this as the ideal way to work :

Even her emotions had taken a recent battering , she reflected wryly , with the unpleasant outcome of her relationship with Mortimer Harrison following not so very long after the shattering loss of her mother …
even her emotions had taken a recent battering , she [thought/showed] wryly , with the unpleasant outcome of her relationship with mortimer harrison following not so very long after the shattering loss of her mother …

And Marigot Bay undoubtedly fell into the former category , she reflected , sipping more orange juice and letting the zingy citrus sweetness slither cold and reviving down her throat .
and marigot bay undoubtedly fell into the former category , she [thought/showed] , sipping more orange juice and letting the zingy citrus sweetness slither cold and reviving down her throat .

At least her headache had gone , she reflected , securing her hair in a mass of Titian curls at her nape with a blue banana clip , and surveying the shadowed pallor of her face with grim resignation .
at least her headache had gone , she [thought/showed] , securing her hair in a mass of titian curls at her nape with a blue banana clip , and surveying the shadowed pallor of her face with grim resignation .

She was supposed to be relaxing , she reflected wryly .
she was supposed to be relaxing , she [thought/showed] wryly .

Struggling this close to the muscular height of Guy Sterne was a big mistake , she dimly reflected , because each fresh body contact was a torment .
struggling this close to the muscular height of guy sterne was a big mistake , she dimly [thought/showed] , because each fresh body contact was a torment .

So much for his promised imitation of a Catholic priest , she reflected bitterly .
so much for his promised imitation of a catholic priest , she [thought/showed] bitterly .

It had been a terrible summer , she reflected , one of those damp , chilly English summers which could almost be mistaken for one of their recent damp , mild winters .
it had been a terrible summer , she [thought/showed] , one of those damp , chilly english summers which could almost be mistaken for one of their recent damp , mild winters .

She 'd asked for a terse put-down , she reflected with some justice .
she 'd asked for a terse put-down , she [thought/showed] with some justice .

It was rude and rather self-indulgent , she reflected guiltily , dashing off to bed like this .
it was rude and rather self-indulgent , she [thought/showed] guiltily , dashing off to bed like this .

The American troupe were refreshingly different , innovative , but Virginia reflected afterwards that she might as well have been watching a film with no pictures , in a language she did n't understand , such was her lack of concentration on the details of that evening .
the american troupe were refreshingly different , innovative , but virginia [thought/showed] afterwards that she might as well have been watching a film with no pictures , in a language she did n't understand , such was her lack of concentration on the details of that evening .

She 'd learned a bitter lesson yesterday , she reflected bleakly .
she 'd learned a bitter lesson yesterday , she [thought/showed] bleakly .

The Queen-Anne-style windows shining in the reflected rays of the setting sun and the outbuildings clustered round it gave the impression of a small manor house .
the queen-anne-style windows shining in the [thought/showed] rays of the setting sun and the outbuildings clustered round it gave the impression of a small manor house .

Torn in two by indecision , she reflected for a few moments , then said slowly , ‘ If it comes to choosing between Ian and a monkey , then Ian wins hands down .
torn in two by indecision , she [thought/showed] for a few moments , then said slowly , ‘ if it comes to choosing between ian and a monkey , then ian wins hands down .

Telling the caller to come right away , Sophie reflected wryly that fate was against her , and when Helen decided that she was n't needed in the surgery it seemed that she was destined to face Robert alone .
telling the caller to come right away , sophie [thought/showed] wryly that fate was against her , and when helen decided that she was n't needed in the surgery it seemed that she was destined to face robert alone .

Later that day she recalled her own words and reflected wryly that the happy day would never arrive for her .
later that day she recalled her own words and [thought/showed] wryly that the happy day would never arrive for her .

Outside in the afternoon heat reflected in the dusty road , Shelley said , ‘ Did you find the drugs ? ’
outside in the afternoon heat [thought/showed] in the dusty road , shelley said , ‘ did you find the drugs ? ’

Shelley reflected that they must look less like a doctor and a nurse discussing their clinic rota , and a lot more like a couple in love murmuring sweet nothings .
shelley [thought/showed] that they must look less like a doctor and a nurse discussing their clinic rota , and a lot more like a couple in love murmuring sweet nothings .

He was a clever , devious swine , she reflected bitterly as she cleaned her teeth and prepared for bed .
he was a clever , devious swine , she [thought/showed] bitterly as she cleaned her teeth and prepared for bed .

He could have asked for time off , she reflected , and would probably have been given it , but he was just not assertive enough .
he could have asked for time off , she [thought/showed] , and would probably have been given it , but he was just not assertive enough .

’ The rebuke was mildly made , and Juliet reflected on how much more tolerant her mother was lately .
’ the rebuke was mildly made , and juliet [thought/showed] on how much more tolerant her mother was lately .

She was surprised to discover he was perfectly adept as a painter and decorator — though why she should be surprised she did n't really know , she reflected a touch grouchily as she watched him work .
she was surprised to discover he was perfectly adept as a painter and decorator — though why she should be surprised she did n't really know , she [thought/showed] a touch grouchily as she watched him work .

She was a million miles removed from poised and elegant , she reflected ruefully — but at least she was decent .
she was a million miles removed from poised and elegant , she [thought/showed] ruefully — but at least she was decent .

Rory reflected gloomily as Candy sat down again , her momentary anger placated .
rory [thought/showed] gloomily as candy sat down again , her momentary anger placated .

But these , she reflected with a wry smile , were desperate times .
but these , she [thought/showed] with a wry smile , were desperate times .

In truth she had done remarkably well staying out of her clutches for the past three days , but then , she reflected ruefully , Adam had kept his promise , staying practically glued to her side .
in truth she had done remarkably well staying out of her clutches for the past three days , but then , she [thought/showed] ruefully , adam had kept his promise , staying practically glued to her side .

Five minutes went by as she reflected that Rosemary must be feeling as miserable as Travis , then , checking to see that Travis was all right as she passed , she went to bed .
five minutes went by as she [thought/showed] that rosemary must be feeling as miserable as travis , then , checking to see that travis was all right as she passed , she went to bed .

His voice reflected that as he spoke .
his voice [thought/showed] that as he spoke .

Praia do Carvoeiro 's narrow winding streets had not been built with the car in mind , Ashley reflected as she walked along , let alone the beer waggon , the concrete mixer , the tourist coach .
praia do carvoeiro 's narrow winding streets had not been built with the car in mind , ashley [thought/showed] as she walked along , let alone the beer waggon , the concrete mixer , the tourist coach .

When she had been at college she had socialised in plenty and had had her fair share of boyfriends , Ashley reflected , as they drove along , but since then her energies had been single-mindedly channelled into her career .
when she had been at college she had socialised in plenty and had had her fair share of boyfriends , ashley [thought/showed] , as they drove along , but since then her energies had been single-mindedly channelled into her career .

On her arrival in Adelaide to discuss a joint venture with a fabric firm , she had been unaware that the last race of the season would be held here during her stay , Ashley reflected , but the newspapers had soon put her straight .
on her arrival in adelaide to discuss a joint venture with a fabric firm , she had been unaware that the last race of the season would be held here during her stay , ashley [thought/showed] , but the newspapers had soon put her straight .

The reference to Simon 's death had not brought accusations raining down on her head , Ashley reflected when her visitor had driven away .
the reference to simon 's death had not brought accusations raining down on her head , ashley [thought/showed] when her visitor had driven away .

The Portuguese were very fond of children , Ashley reflected , glancing at Vitor , who was telling Thomas all about the ceremony .
the portuguese were very fond of children , ashley [thought/showed] , glancing at vitor , who was telling thomas all about the ceremony .

If you want something in this world you have to be positive , she reflected , so , instead of quelling the emotions which arose within her , perhaps she should agree to become Vitor 's bride and attempt to capture his heart ?
if you want something in this world you have to be positive , she [thought/showed] , so , instead of quelling the emotions which arose within her , perhaps she should agree to become vitor 's bride and attempt to capture his heart ?

‘ But before you could get in touch Simon and his lies intervened , ’ Ashley reflected .
‘ but before you could get in touch simon and his lies intervened , ’ ashley [thought/showed] .

Seismic stratigraphy is a technique whereby seismic waves generated by.small explosions set off at the surface are reflected or refracted from discontinuities in the underlying sediments which represent changes in sediment properties .
seismic stratigraphy is a technique whereby seismic waves generated by.small explosions set off at the surface are [thought/showed] or refracted from discontinuities in the underlying sediments which represent changes in sediment properties .

The resulting reduction in the intensity of leaching is usually reflected in mineralogical changes with depth ( Fig .
the resulting reduction in the intensity of leaching is usually [thought/showed] in mineralogical changes with depth ( fig .

Contemporary concerns with the dangers posed to the rights of individuals by incorrect information are reflected in the laws and institutions set up on national levels to protect individuals against incorrect data and the implications that might arise from any errors .
contemporary concerns with the dangers posed to the rights of individuals by incorrect information are [thought/showed] in the laws and institutions set up on national levels to protect individuals against incorrect data and the implications that might arise from any errors .

This is also reflected in the low esteem in which records and archival work is held in government departments .
this is also [thought/showed] in the low esteem in which records and archival work is held in government departments .

The report suggested that , due to this trend , the resulting policies reflected technology concerns and not information management ones .
the report suggested that , due to this trend , the resulting policies [thought/showed] technology concerns and not information management ones .

Undoubtedly these rather different agenda reflected to a certain extent divisions between the needs of teachers operating out of humanities computing and history departments , respectively .
undoubtedly these rather different agenda [thought/showed] to a certain extent divisions between the needs of teachers operating out of humanities computing and history departments , respectively .

As significantly , however , they reflected very different conceptions of what training historians require .
as significantly , however , they [thought/showed] very different conceptions of what training historians require .

This was no doubt a sign of wealth and status : the beautiful austerity of Biedermayer interiors had reflected the straitness of Germanic provincial bourgeois finances more than their innate taste , and the furnishings of servants ' rooms in the bourgeois houses were bleak enough .
this was no doubt a sign of wealth and status : the beautiful austerity of biedermayer interiors had [thought/showed] the straitness of germanic provincial bourgeois finances more than their innate taste , and the furnishings of servants ' rooms in the bourgeois houses were bleak enough .

But this was a ‘ bourgeois ’ phenomenon only in so far as it reflected the hegemony of bourgeois respectability .
but this was a ‘ bourgeois ’ phenomenon only in so far as it [thought/showed] the hegemony of bourgeois respectability .

Even Ruskin reflected the common view when he argued that ‘ busy metaphysicians are always entangling good and active people , and weaving cobwebs among the finest wheels of the world 's business ’ .
even ruskin [thought/showed] the common view when he argued that ‘ busy metaphysicians are always entangling good and active people , and weaving cobwebs among the finest wheels of the world 's business ’ .

Such an attitude reflected the determination to decapitate the lower classes , in so far as they did not shed their potential leaders spontaneously by absorption into the lower middle class .
such an attitude [thought/showed] the determination to decapitate the lower classes , in so far as they did not shed their potential leaders spontaneously by absorption into the lower middle class .

But it also reflected a considerable degree of confidence .
but it also [thought/showed] a considerable degree of confidence .

’ Perhaps the best part of the show was the ‘ If only … ’ sketch in which he reflected on what might have been .
’ perhaps the best part of the show was the ‘ if only … ’ sketch in which he [thought/showed] on what might have been .

In other words , errors in predicting the rate of inflation were made up of two component parts : a random stochastic component which is , of its very nature , unpredictable ; and a systematic component , , which is related to the level of aggregate demand as reflected in the unemployment rate .
in other words , errors in predicting the rate of inflation were made up of two component parts : a random stochastic component which is , of its very nature , unpredictable ; and a systematic component , , which is related to the level of aggregate demand as [thought/showed] in the unemployment rate .

Where proceedings have , according to the criteria set out in this chapter , been commenced in the wrong court , the new s 51 of the Supreme Court Act 1981 ( which has effect from 1 October 1991 ) provides for two ways in which the misallocation can be reflected in costs orders .
where proceedings have , according to the criteria set out in this chapter , been commenced in the wrong court , the new s 51 of the supreme court act 1981 ( which has effect from 1 october 1991 ) provides for two ways in which the misallocation can be [thought/showed] in costs orders .

The whole figure is subject to the element of reasonable future probability and this factor is commonly reflected in the multiplier ( but sometimes is reflected in a reduced multiplicand ) .
the whole figure is subject to the element of reasonable future probability and this factor is commonly [thought/showed] in the multiplier ( but sometimes is [thought/showed] in a reduced multiplicand ) .

However , it is quite common for this factor to be reflected by an increase in the multiplier .
however , it is quite common for this factor to be [thought/showed] by an increase in the multiplier .

This is reflected in the terms of cl 2.1 of Precedent 2 and cl 4.1 of Precedent 1 .
this is [thought/showed] in the terms of cl 2.1 of precedent 2 and cl 4.1 of precedent 1 .

Where the Rules apply , a solicitor must hold a current practising certificate and meet the same fundamental professional standards as those set out in the introduction to this Chapter as reflected in r1 of the Solicitors ' Practice Rules ( which is in fact reproduced in its entirety in the Overseas Practice Rules ) .
where the rules apply , a solicitor must hold a current practising certificate and meet the same fundamental professional standards as those set out in the introduction to this chapter as [thought/showed] in r1 of the solicitors ' practice rules ( which is in fact reproduced in its entirety in the overseas practice rules ) .

Whilst no attempt is made to play down the importance of local rules to meet local needs , the existence of certain shared values is reflected in the provisions of the Code .
whilst no attempt is made to play down the importance of local rules to meet local needs , the existence of certain shared values is [thought/showed] in the provisions of the code .

This principle is reflected in s7 of the Act which provides : Where one partner pledges the credit of the firm for a purpose apparently not connected with the firm 's ordinary course of business , the firm is not bound , unless he is in fact specially authorised by the other partners ; but this section does not affect any personal liability incurred by an individual partner .
this principle is [thought/showed] in s7 of the act which provides : where one partner pledges the credit of the firm for a purpose apparently not connected with the firm 's ordinary course of business , the firm is not bound , unless he is in fact specially authorised by the other partners ; but this section does not affect any personal liability incurred by an individual partner .

For some reason not clear to me a theory has developed and is reflected in many decided cases to the effect that where the architect has agreed or is required to act fairly he becomes what has often been called a quasi-arbitrator … Persons who undertake to act fairly have often been called `` quasi-arbitrators `` .
for some reason not clear to me a theory has developed and is [thought/showed] in many decided cases to the effect that where the architect has agreed or is required to act fairly he becomes what has often been called a quasi-arbitrator … persons who undertake to act fairly have often been called `` quasi-arbitrators `` .

This is now being reflected in all parts of a transaction , including the legal documentation , and legal advisers are expected to respond accordingly .
this is now being [thought/showed] in all parts of a transaction , including the legal documentation , and legal advisers are expected to respond accordingly .

The requirements of this section are generally reflected in the Articles of Association of a private company .
the requirements of this section are generally [thought/showed] in the articles of association of a private company .

Chernobyl fallout reflected in child cancers
chernobyl fallout [thought/showed] in child cancers

Ozone is itself a form of greenhouse gas — helping to retain the sun 's reflected heat in the atmosphere - , and its destruction may be allowing more heat to escape than was hitherto thought , compensating for the increased heat retention caused by the build up of atmospheric carbon dioxide and other `` greenhouse gases `` .
ozone is itself a form of greenhouse gas — helping to retain the sun 's [thought/showed] heat in the atmosphere - , and its destruction may be allowing more heat to escape than was hitherto thought , compensating for the increased heat retention caused by the build up of atmospheric carbon dioxide and other `` greenhouse gases `` .

the authors speculated that this partisan dealignment reflected a continuing erosion of the class-party tie .
the authors speculated that this partisan dealignment [thought/showed] a continuing erosion of the class-party tie .

The marginality of religion in influencing voting behaviour is reflected in the fact that it did not figure in analyses published in the wake of the 1983 election .
the marginality of religion in influencing voting behaviour is [thought/showed] in the fact that it did not figure in analyses published in the wake of the 1983 election .

The quite unprecedented step reflected the deep concern felt by a cell of opinion within the bomber department at the measure of the Command 's worth at that time .
the quite unprecedented step [thought/showed] the deep concern felt by a cell of opinion within the bomber department at the measure of the command 's worth at that time .

Great-Aunt Alicia had always been susceptible to good-looking men , Sara reflected , and then had to admit to herself , but never feeble-minded about them .
great-aunt alicia had always been susceptible to good-looking men , sara [thought/showed] , and then had to admit to herself , but never feeble-minded about them .

The past , reflected Sara , when the peacock silk curtains were newly hung in the Chinese room , was probably more real to her than the present .
the past , [thought/showed] sara , when the peacock silk curtains were newly hung in the chinese room , was probably more real to her than the present .

This reflected sound now , in its turn , radiates away from the fly in an expanding spherical wavefront .
this [thought/showed] sound now , in its turn , radiates away from the fly in an expanding spherical wavefront .

The more they reflected upon this the more they realised what a massive amount of fixed capital is necessary to eliminate human intelligence and how incredibly intelligent human beings really are .
the more they [thought/showed] upon this the more they realised what a massive amount of fixed capital is necessary to eliminate human intelligence and how incredibly intelligent human beings really are .

By tabulating these responses we can gain insights into not only the sorts of patterns which recur , but also the variety of responses which is reflected across the six groups .
by tabulating these responses we can gain insights into not only the sorts of patterns which recur , but also the variety of responses which is [thought/showed] across the six groups .

Another common pattern reflected in the group 2 narrative is the tendency to make sentence ( a ) the ending of the story .
another common pattern [thought/showed] in the group 2 narrative is the tendency to make sentence ( a ) the ending of the story .

If women could not represent God , that reflected upon women .
if women could not represent god , that [thought/showed] upon women .

Fortunately , North Americans pulled back from total destruction before all their wild land was gone , and that sense of a still-existent frontier in nature is reflected in their writing .
fortunately , north americans pulled back from total destruction before all their wild land was gone , and that sense of a still-existent frontier in nature is [thought/showed] in their writing .

The pattern of sevens reflected in the festivals ( chapter 23 ) is now extended to the land .
the pattern of sevens [thought/showed] in the festivals ( chapter 23 ) is now extended to the land .

The lessons which Donaldson has been trying to teach us are reflected throughout the following chapters .
the lessons which donaldson has been trying to teach us are [thought/showed] throughout the following chapters .

Errors on less reflected chance performance rather than choices of the greater amount .
errors on less [thought/showed] chance performance rather than choices of the greater amount .

The support is reflected , for example , in the way the older pairs draw the attention of their partner to information that is lacking from the original description — see ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) , and the way information is presented in manageable chunks in ( 5 ) .
the support is [thought/showed] , for example , in the way the older pairs draw the attention of their partner to information that is lacking from the original description — see ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) , and the way information is presented in manageable chunks in ( 5 ) .

Peter Hall , in Governing the Economy , shows that France and Britain have reflected different patterns of state intervention in the economy .
peter hall , in governing the economy , shows that france and britain have [thought/showed] different patterns of state intervention in the economy .

These differences may be reflected in the two nations ' space programmes — the French march onwards , their plans to the fore , while the British cautiously conducted a step-by-step withdrawal .
these differences may be [thought/showed] in the two nations ' space programmes — the french march onwards , their plans to the fore , while the british cautiously conducted a step-by-step withdrawal .

The 1931 result , of course , left a great deal of room for recoil , but even so , the average of these results , if reflected in a general election , would have produced a substantial Labour majority in the House of Commons .
the 1931 result , of course , left a great deal of room for recoil , but even so , the average of these results , if [thought/showed] in a general election , would have produced a substantial labour majority in the house of commons .

Some indeed , Ramsey recounts , supposed as they saw the fires in rioting Bristol reflected in the night sky , that the English revolution had begun .
some indeed , ramsey recounts , supposed as they saw the fires in rioting bristol [thought/showed] in the night sky , that the english revolution had begun .

And when she reflected , as she frequently did , upon what she had been bred to , she was profoundly puzzled by her own origins .
and when she [thought/showed] , as she frequently did , upon what she had been bred to , she was profoundly puzzled by her own origins .

At the end of the summer , a beautiful girl passed , and she saw the tall weed , and plucked it and put it in her dress , where it blushed a glorious red and died content ; the weed on the bank saw it die , and laughed , and reflected that it would live till the next year .
at the end of the summer , a beautiful girl passed , and she saw the tall weed , and plucked it and put it in her dress , where it blushed a glorious red and died content ; the weed on the bank saw it die , and laughed , and [thought/showed] that it would live till the next year .

Clara , clasped to the young man 's bosom , reflected that he was in no position to notice her lack of grace .
clara , clasped to the young man 's bosom , [thought/showed] that he was in no position to notice her lack of grace .

The convenience and effectiveness of cordless tools is reflected in their meteoric rise in popularity .
the convenience and effectiveness of cordless tools is [thought/showed] in their meteoric rise in popularity .

Even if there are sexual elements which the client does not see as significant , the naturalness with which such a Worker approaches the matter will probably be reflected in his answer .
even if there are sexual elements which the client does not see as significant , the naturalness with which such a worker approaches the matter will probably be [thought/showed] in his answer .

Such success was not , however , reflected in the Master 's salary .
such success was not , however , [thought/showed] in the master 's salary .

This aspiration reflected a craving for everyday structure that persisted over years .
this aspiration [thought/showed] a craving for everyday structure that persisted over years .

While the silence lengthened , he reflected upon the cruelty of Fate : had he but waited , had he refused to give in to Ann 's pleadings , he might even now be in a position to make Martha his own ; but as things had turned out he was saddled with a wife he did not love and would never love — however many sons she bore him .
while the silence lengthened , he [thought/showed] upon the cruelty of fate : had he but waited , had he refused to give in to ann 's pleadings , he might even now be in a position to make martha his own ; but as things had turned out he was saddled with a wife he did not love and would never love — however many sons she bore him .

Perhaps my father would not be so proud after all , she reflected , and sat in silence until the wedding carriage went under the high stone archway and into the blue-tiled courtyard of the Quinta de Santo António .
perhaps my father would not be so proud after all , she [thought/showed] , and sat in silence until the wedding carriage went under the high stone archway and into the blue-tiled courtyard of the quinta de santo antónio .

Divisions of opinion over Prohibition reflected a broader tension in American society of the 1920s .
divisions of opinion over prohibition [thought/showed] a broader tension in american society of the 1920s .

There were more serious outbreaks in some cities , for example in Detroit — and these reflected what for blacks was the most important of all wartime developments .
there were more serious outbreaks in some cities , for example in detroit — and these [thought/showed] what for blacks was the most important of all wartime developments .

Their consistent support for the new Israeli state reflected the existence of an American Jewish community — wealthy , strong in voting power , and highly organized as a political pressure group .
their consistent support for the new israeli state [thought/showed] the existence of an american jewish community — wealthy , strong in voting power , and highly organized as a political pressure group .

The dualist gains credence from the everyday use of the word `` style `` as a `` manner of doing something `` , as reflected in dictionary definitions , and as applied , outside language , to other art forms such as music , painting and architecture , and to varied activities such as playing the piano or playing tennis .
the dualist gains credence from the everyday use of the word `` style `` as a `` manner of doing something `` , as [thought/showed] in dictionary definitions , and as applied , outside language , to other art forms such as music , painting and architecture , and to varied activities such as playing the piano or playing tennis .

[ Dombey and Son , Ch 16 ] The artlessness of the child 's mind is reflected partly in the repetitions `` watching it and watching everything `` and `` deepen , deepen , deepen `` ; in the use of common words , especially those with monosyllabic stems : `` he thought how the long streets were dotted with lamps `` , `` and now he thought how black it was `` ; and in the way the cohesion of the passage rests on the subject pronoun he and the conjunction and .
[ dombey and son , ch 16 ] the artlessness of the child 's mind is [thought/showed] partly in the repetitions `` watching it and watching everything `` and `` deepen , deepen , deepen `` ; in the use of common words , especially those with monosyllabic stems : `` he thought how the long streets were dotted with lamps `` , `` and now he thought how black it was `` ; and in the way the cohesion of the passage rests on the subject pronoun he and the conjunction and .

This personage reflected , somewhat grimly , that the first thing he should have to teach his little charge would be to appear to address himself to his mother when he spoke to her — especially not to make her such an Improper answer as that ( 6 ) .
this personage [thought/showed] , somewhat grimly , that the first thing he should have to teach his little charge would be to appear to address himself to his mother when he spoke to her — especially not to make her such an improper answer as that ( 6 ) .

The copula occurs as frequently as twelve times ( out of sixty-five main verbs ) , and other categories of verb which are prominent include those denoting attitudes ( hesitated , liked , treating , etc ) , cognitions ( known , supposed , reflected , etc ) , speech acts ( speak , repeated , address , invited , etc ) , and perceptions ( hear , looked , appear , etc ) .
the copula occurs as frequently as twelve times ( out of sixty-five main verbs ) , and other categories of verb which are prominent include those denoting attitudes ( hesitated , liked , treating , etc ) , cognitions ( known , supposed , [thought/showed] , etc ) , speech acts ( speak , repeated , address , invited , etc ) , and perceptions ( hear , looked , appear , etc ) .

In contrast to Lawrence 's simpler and more homely vocabulary , James seems to prefer rather more formal Latinate terms : procrastinated , reflected , remuneration , observation , confession , etc .
in contrast to lawrence 's simpler and more homely vocabulary , james seems to prefer rather more formal latinate terms : procrastinated , [thought/showed] , remuneration , observation , confession , etc .

The rather pompous periphrasis `` the candidate for the honour of taking his education in hand `` doubtless represents the boy 's self-centred view of Pemberton , but in language quite above the boy 's apparently limited powers of expression : what it seems to express is Pemberton 's image of himself as he sees it reflected through the mind of the child .
the rather pompous periphrasis `` the candidate for the honour of taking his education in hand `` doubtless represents the boy 's self-centred view of pemberton , but in language quite above the boy 's apparently limited powers of expression : what it seems to express is pemberton 's image of himself as he sees it [thought/showed] through the mind of the child .

McLuhan believes that writing fosters `` linear thinking `` : `` The fragmenting of activities , our habit of thinking in bits and parts — `` specialism `` — reflected the step-by-step departmentalizing process inherent in the technology of the alphabet … `` ( McLuhan and Fiore 1967 : 44 ) .
mcluhan believes that writing fosters `` linear thinking `` : `` the fragmenting of activities , our habit of thinking in bits and parts — `` specialism `` — [thought/showed] the step-by-step departmentalizing process inherent in the technology of the alphabet … `` ( mcluhan and fiore 1967 : 44 ) .

One further possible cause of excess seats , and perhaps the most obvious , is the winning by a fortunate party of a very large share of a region 's constituency seats by majorities that are on average far short of being absolute and will be reflected in the modest size of its decisive list vote .
one further possible cause of excess seats , and perhaps the most obvious , is the winning by a fortunate party of a very large share of a region 's constituency seats by majorities that are on average far short of being absolute and will be [thought/showed] in the modest size of its decisive list vote .

The values of respect , trust , dignity , equality , honesty , compassion , sensitivity , openness and sincerity are all reflected in the courtesies the Profitboss extends to people , whether they be customers , colleagues , acquaintances or members of his team .
the values of respect , trust , dignity , equality , honesty , compassion , sensitivity , openness and sincerity are all [thought/showed] in the courtesies the profitboss extends to people , whether they be customers , colleagues , acquaintances or members of his team .

His determination is reflected in the actions he takes .
his determination is [thought/showed] in the actions he takes .

The welfare of a company is reflected in the welfare of its people .
the welfare of a company is [thought/showed] in the welfare of its people .

The health of a company is reflected in the health of its people
the health of a company is [thought/showed] in the health of its people

( The slightest dishonesty on your part will be reflected in the dishonesty of your team . )
( the slightest dishonesty on your part will be [thought/showed] in the dishonesty of your team . )

The committee 's main concerns reflected the interests of its keenest members : the law of aliens covered by Edward Goulding , the poor law covered by Jack Hills , and rural housing covered by Arthur Griffith Boscawen .
the committee 's main concerns [thought/showed] the interests of its keenest members : the law of aliens covered by edward goulding , the poor law covered by jack hills , and rural housing covered by arthur griffith boscawen .

This reflected the extent to which politics was a career that followed quite naturally from station and the clearing out that had taken place after 1906 .
this [thought/showed] the extent to which politics was a career that followed quite naturally from station and the clearing out that had taken place after 1906 .

Thus , the Report considers the universities mainly in so far as their influence could be seen to be reflected back on the school system examinations and the home .
thus , the report considers the universities mainly in so far as their influence could be seen to be [thought/showed] back on the school system examinations and the home .

Programmes from Poland , Hungary , Croatia , Estonia , Czechoslovakia and the former East Germany reflected the first attempts after decades of oppression to present an uncensored picture of religious life in those countries .
programmes from poland , hungary , croatia , estonia , czechoslovakia and the former east germany [thought/showed] the first attempts after decades of oppression to present an uncensored picture of religious life in those countries .

This is reflected in an occasionally abrupt narrative and a lack of reference to the larger scene against which Jacopo della Quercia played out his life .
this is [thought/showed] in an occasionally abrupt narrative and a lack of reference to the larger scene against which jacopo della quercia played out his life .

‘ The debate on the ordination of homosexuals focussed the need for better communication across the church , and reflected directly on my portfolio , ’ Ms Greenaway said .
‘ the debate on the ordination of homosexuals focussed the need for better communication across the church , and [thought/showed] directly on my portfolio , ’ ms greenaway said .

The development of these large Cotswold settlements may be connected with the evident wealth of the area reflected by the large and richly appointed villas and the same could apply to Oxfordshire where there are at least two sizeable settlements and no apparent defences .
the development of these large cotswold settlements may be connected with the evident wealth of the area [thought/showed] by the large and richly appointed villas and the same could apply to oxfordshire where there are at least two sizeable settlements and no apparent defences .

The idea that control of ‘ inferior ’ governmental bodies and officers by the higher echelons of government is in some way particularly desirable is reflected in the history of the so-called ‘ prerogative ’ orders : certiorari , prohibition , and mandamus .
the idea that control of ‘ inferior ’ governmental bodies and officers by the higher echelons of government is in some way particularly desirable is [thought/showed] in the history of the so-called ‘ prerogative ’ orders : certiorari , prohibition , and mandamus .

With 104 paintings by seventy artists Olsen has set out to show that nineteenth-century Italian painting , as in the preceding centuries , reflected the political events of the time .
with 104 paintings by seventy artists olsen has set out to show that nineteenth-century italian painting , as in the preceding centuries , [thought/showed] the political events of the time .

We have discussed , reflected and considered on the one hand , the impact of the lack of democracy and respect for human rights in our countries , and on the other , the restrictions of the free flow of information and access to media whereby the majority of African peoples are deprived of opportunities for self expression and full participation in the development process and nation building .
we have discussed , [thought/showed] and considered on the one hand , the impact of the lack of democracy and respect for human rights in our countries , and on the other , the restrictions of the free flow of information and access to media whereby the majority of african peoples are deprived of opportunities for self expression and full participation in the development process and nation building .

The priority accorded to ‘ the right ’ by liberalism is reflected in the considerable freedom of contract permitted by Western legal systems .
the priority accorded to ‘ the right ’ by liberalism is [thought/showed] in the considerable freedom of contract permitted by western legal systems .

The economic crisis prevailing in Argentina and Uruguay and throughout Latin America is reflected in increasing levels of teenage prostitution , drug abuse and domestic violence .
the economic crisis prevailing in argentina and uruguay and throughout latin america is [thought/showed] in increasing levels of teenage prostitution , drug abuse and domestic violence .

You have a great love of these islands and this is clearly reflected in your new book The Cycladic Spirit .
you have a great love of these islands and this is clearly [thought/showed] in your new book the cycladic spirit .

Thompson reflected , ‘ Right now Hong Kong provides three ingredients for a healthy market : first , its central location ; second , the absence of import and export restrictions ; and third , the lack of restrictions on the transfer of money .
thompson [thought/showed] , ‘ right now hong kong provides three ingredients for a healthy market : first , its central location ; second , the absence of import and export restrictions ; and third , the lack of restrictions on the transfer of money .

For example , ‘ reflected ’ status is insufficient qualification for married women entering into hire-purchase agreements on their own ; there is discrimination here , as in the area of credit generally .
for example , ‘ [thought/showed] ’ status is insufficient qualification for married women entering into hire-purchase agreements on their own ; there is discrimination here , as in the area of credit generally .

This treatment of cooking , reflected in the comments of these housewives , is a particularly clear demonstration of how the social denial of housework as work operates .
this treatment of cooking , [thought/showed] in the comments of these housewives , is a particularly clear demonstration of how the social denial of housework as work operates .

Kelims are much quicker and cheaper to produce than pile rugs , and this is normally reflected in their price .
kelims are much quicker and cheaper to produce than pile rugs , and this is normally [thought/showed] in their price .

This is particularly true of items from the same group : varying qualities of Mori Bokhara , for example , are normally reflected in their respective prices .
this is particularly true of items from the same group : varying qualities of mori bokhara , for example , are normally [thought/showed] in their respective prices .

This poorer quality is reflected in their price , which is normally about 30 per cent less .
this poorer quality is [thought/showed] in their price , which is normally about 30 per cent less .

This bloody and turbulent history is reflected in the bold , heraldic and violently beautiful colours and designs employed in Caucasian rugs .
this bloody and turbulent history is [thought/showed] in the bold , heraldic and violently beautiful colours and designs employed in caucasian rugs .

However , dictionaries and semantic memories have different purposes , and this fact is reflected in the way in which words are interconnected in each .
however , dictionaries and semantic memories have different purposes , and this fact is [thought/showed] in the way in which words are interconnected in each .

This choice reflected both the potential application of the eventual system ( i.e .
this choice [thought/showed] both the potential application of the eventual system ( i.e .

So although lexicographers may purposely employ experts to contribute to the compilation of definitions in more esoteric domains , it is nevertheless the case that more everyday words will have more widely understood patterns of usage that are reflected in both the definitions they possess and the manner in which they are used in a typical business letter .
so although lexicographers may purposely employ experts to contribute to the compilation of definitions in more esoteric domains , it is nevertheless the case that more everyday words will have more widely understood patterns of usage that are [thought/showed] in both the definitions they possess and the manner in which they are used in a typical business letter .

The patterns of usage therefore reflected the writers ' own individual styles , and their choice of words similarly reflects their own subjective knowledge .
the patterns of usage therefore [thought/showed] the writers ' own individual styles , and their choice of words similarly reflects their own subjective knowledge .

This is reflected in a multiplicity of senses for any given word in the dictionary .
this is [thought/showed] in a multiplicity of senses for any given word in the dictionary .

This choice reflected both the potential application of the eventual system and ease of availability .
this choice [thought/showed] both the potential application of the eventual system and ease of availability .

The reality of Gloucester 's influence there is also reflected in the fact that , of all the master foresterships he had been granted in 1471 , the only two he seems to have exercised were those which best complemented this trans-Pennine interest : Bowland to the north and Rossendale further south .
the reality of gloucester 's influence there is also [thought/showed] in the fact that , of all the master foresterships he had been granted in 1471 , the only two he seems to have exercised were those which best complemented this trans-pennine interest : bowland to the north and rossendale further south .

It is also unique in the late Middle Ages , and the novelty of the duke 's position is reflected in the creation , in the parliament of 1482–3 , of a northern county palatine for him — the first since Lancashire was made a county palatine in 1351 .
it is also unique in the late middle ages , and the novelty of the duke 's position is [thought/showed] in the creation , in the parliament of 1482–3 , of a northern county palatine for him — the first since lancashire was made a county palatine in 1351 .

This change of emphasis is also reflected in his receipt of other patronage .
this change of emphasis is also [thought/showed] in his receipt of other patronage .

The fact that Gloucester 's role in the region was that of a national rather than local figure is also reflected in the fragmentary nature of his following .
the fact that gloucester 's role in the region was that of a national rather than local figure is also [thought/showed] in the fragmentary nature of his following .

There were obvious problems resulting from the overcrowding of working-class homes but we may speculate that the social-purity agitation over incest reflected middle-class anxieties and tensions concerning the sanctity of the family rather than the objective reality of working-class conditions .
there were obvious problems resulting from the overcrowding of working-class homes but we may speculate that the social-purity agitation over incest [thought/showed] middle-class anxieties and tensions concerning the sanctity of the family rather than the objective reality of working-class conditions .

Such forms of entertainment , moreover , sharply reflected many of the contradictions of working-class marriage and sexual life .
such forms of entertainment , moreover , sharply [thought/showed] many of the contradictions of working-class marriage and sexual life .

And these divisions in social organisation and ideology were reflected in sexual attitudes .
and these divisions in social organisation and ideology were [thought/showed] in sexual attitudes .

The widespread tolerance of prostitution was reflected in the absence of any serious legislative attack on the problem until the 1860s , with the passing of the Contagious Diseases Acts .
the widespread tolerance of prostitution was [thought/showed] in the absence of any serious legislative attack on the problem until the 1860s , with the passing of the contagious diseases acts .

’ Anxieties about moral standards reflected a deep belief that the roots of social stability lay in individual and public morality .
’ anxieties about moral standards [thought/showed] a deep belief that the roots of social stability lay in individual and public morality .

More significant than its provisions ( which tightened up the law regarding ‘ bullies ’ , procurers and brothel keepers , and reaffirmed flogging , which chiefly affected homosexuals ) was what it reflected : a deflection we would argue , of real , and urgent , anxieties , the product of major social disruptions , on to the sphere of sexuality .
more significant than its provisions ( which tightened up the law regarding ‘ bullies ’ , procurers and brothel keepers , and reaffirmed flogging , which chiefly affected homosexuals ) was what it [thought/showed] : a deflection we would argue , of real , and urgent , anxieties , the product of major social disruptions , on to the sphere of sexuality .

Concern about social conditions was both reflected and reinforced by a mass of polemical writing , in newspapers , such as the radical Pall Mall Gazette , in pamphlets , such as Andrew Mearns ' Bitter Cry of Outcast London ( 1883 ) , describing and attacking poverty especially in the London slums .
concern about social conditions was both [thought/showed] and reinforced by a mass of polemical writing , in newspapers , such as the radical pall mall gazette , in pamphlets , such as andrew mearns ' bitter cry of outcast london ( 1883 ) , describing and attacking poverty especially in the london slums .

The considerable post-Boer War concern about children was reflected in the amount of legislative attention paid to them in the first years of the Liberal government .
the considerable post-boer war concern about children was [thought/showed] in the amount of legislative attention paid to them in the first years of the liberal government .

This division to some degree reflected the pre-existing division of opinion on the Poor Law and its desirable replacement .
this division to some degree [thought/showed] the pre-existing division of opinion on the poor law and its desirable replacement .

It was essential that this be done , since the pattern reflected the realities of political life , which combined the ceremonious role of the monarch in the Great Hall , personal contact with the general run of visitors in the Presence Chamber , and the conduct of confidential business in the Privy Chamber and the Bedchamber .
it was essential that this be done , since the pattern [thought/showed] the realities of political life , which combined the ceremonious role of the monarch in the great hall , personal contact with the general run of visitors in the presence chamber , and the conduct of confidential business in the privy chamber and the bedchamber .

Above all , the style of government was changing during the sixteenth century , a change that is reflected in the records of state .
above all , the style of government was changing during the sixteenth century , a change that is [thought/showed] in the records of state .

Similar conservatism is reflected in the treatment of revenue from feudal dues .
similar conservatism is [thought/showed] in the treatment of revenue from feudal dues .

This gentle and more sensitive approach to children was but a part of a wider change in social attitudes ; a part of that belief that nature was inherently good , not evil , and what evil there was derived from man and his institutions ; an attitude which was also reflected among a growing elite in a greater sensitivity towards women , slaves and animals .
this gentle and more sensitive approach to children was but a part of a wider change in social attitudes ; a part of that belief that nature was inherently good , not evil , and what evil there was derived from man and his institutions ; an attitude which was also [thought/showed] among a growing elite in a greater sensitivity towards women , slaves and animals .

And this factor of priorities is reflected in the literature directed towards parents , which , though it may often be out of touch with individual parental needs and circumstances , is written within a total social context and expresses closely enough prevailing social trends .
and this factor of priorities is [thought/showed] in the literature directed towards parents , which , though it may often be out of touch with individual parental needs and circumstances , is written within a total social context and expresses closely enough prevailing social trends .

Their managerial framework was probably best reflected in Fayol 's ( 1916 ) management criteria : planning , organising , coordinating and controlling .
their managerial framework was probably best [thought/showed] in fayol 's ( 1916 ) management criteria : planning , organising , coordinating and controlling .

The unequal treaties did not provide for this growing complexity , but it was clearly reflected in a process of treaty revision negotiation which , despite its ultimate success , did little to reassure Japan regarding the benevolence of Western intentions .
the unequal treaties did not provide for this growing complexity , but it was clearly [thought/showed] in a process of treaty revision negotiation which , despite its ultimate success , did little to reassure japan regarding the benevolence of western intentions .

The more ‘ positive ’ Tanaka approach was soon reflected in policy , as the Japanese attempted to acquire a greater say in Manchuria .
the more ‘ positive ’ tanaka approach was soon [thought/showed] in policy , as the japanese attempted to acquire a greater say in manchuria .

These significant changes failed to be reflected in substantial changes in the system of rule .
these significant changes failed to be [thought/showed] in substantial changes in the system of rule .

She did well at subjects like geography and foreign languages at school which reflected her interests in other countries and cultures .
she did well at subjects like geography and foreign languages at school which [thought/showed] her interests in other countries and cultures .

An engineering plant and an advertising agency are different and this difference will be reflected in their organisational design .
an engineering plant and an advertising agency are different and this difference will be [thought/showed] in their organisational design .

It reflected in part his reaction to the encyclical Quanta cura of 1864 .
it [thought/showed] in part his reaction to the encyclical quanta cura of 1864 .

It was easy for Draper and White to mock the church fathers for their naiveté on matters of natural philosophy , forgetting that they did have higher concerns — forgetting , too , that their naiveté often reflected the pagan wisdom of their day .
it was easy for draper and white to mock the church fathers for their naiveté on matters of natural philosophy , forgetting that they did have higher concerns — forgetting , too , that their naiveté often [thought/showed] the pagan wisdom of their day .

The anecdotal view has been that his brevity of tenure reflected animosity from an Anglican establishment , disturbed by Lyell 's rejection of a recent , universal flood .
the anecdotal view has been that his brevity of tenure [thought/showed] animosity from an anglican establishment , disturbed by lyell 's rejection of a recent , universal flood .

Even the claim that the natural order reflected the contingency of a divine will could pull in two directions .
even the claim that the natural order [thought/showed] the contingency of a divine will could pull in two directions .

Robert Boyle once said that one of the reasons why he had chosen not to be ordained was to preempt the criticism that his pious remarks about nature merely reflected a vested interest .
robert boyle once said that one of the reasons why he had chosen not to be ordained was to preempt the criticism that his pious remarks about nature merely [thought/showed] a vested interest .

This subordination is reflected in a change of emphasis that Aquinas brought to the study of metaphysics .
this subordination is [thought/showed] in a change of emphasis that aquinas brought to the study of metaphysics .

He attacked the dominance of formal logic because it reflected a misplaced confidence in the powers of human reason .
he attacked the dominance of formal logic because it [thought/showed] a misplaced confidence in the powers of human reason .

Its initial presentation indirectly reflected the growing polarities within Christendom .
its initial presentation indirectly [thought/showed] the growing polarities within christendom .

Adherence to same orthodoxy was reflected in the phrasing of the Labour Party 's policy review in advance of the 1992 General Election . In a commitment to set up a Department for Legal Administration , Labour 's alternative White Paper stated :
adherence to same orthodoxy was [thought/showed] in the phrasing of the labour party 's policy review in advance of the 1992 general election . in a commitment to set up a department for legal administration , labour 's alternative white paper stated :

In doing so it reflected Brooke 's belief that the nation was on course to solving the problems of crime through a combination of diligent police methods and technology , the observation and classification of offenders , better informed sentencing decisions , improved treatment regimes in penal institutions , and social work with young offenders and ex-offenders in the community .
in doing so it [thought/showed] brooke 's belief that the nation was on course to solving the problems of crime through a combination of diligent police methods and technology , the observation and classification of offenders , better informed sentencing decisions , improved treatment regimes in penal institutions , and social work with young offenders and ex-offenders in the community .

For these countries , the impacts of what has been dubbed the ‘ forced adjustment phase ’ ( Mentre , 1984 ) were reflected internally , with the main burden of adjustment often falling on wage-earners .
for these countries , the impacts of what has been dubbed the ‘ forced adjustment phase ’ ( mentre , 1984 ) were [thought/showed] internally , with the main burden of adjustment often falling on wage-earners .

This book reflected a growing disenchantment with sociologists ' abstract generalities of earlier years .
this book [thought/showed] a growing disenchantment with sociologists ' abstract generalities of earlier years .

Policy choices reflected what governments perceived as the major threats to the cohesion and survival of the state .
policy choices [thought/showed] what governments perceived as the major threats to the cohesion and survival of the state .

The evidence that emerged reflected little credit upon von Keller .
the evidence that emerged [thought/showed] little credit upon von keller .

Its simplistic political viewpoint may have correctly reflected attitudes at the time it was set ; but it provided a target for the anti-war movement and provoked demonstrations in many cities world-wide when it was shown .
its simplistic political viewpoint may have correctly [thought/showed] attitudes at the time it was set ; but it provided a target for the anti-war movement and provoked demonstrations in many cities world-wide when it was shown .

By portraying the returned veteran as having been affected by experiences in an alien land , these films reflected the manner in which American society viewed these unwelcome reminders of defeat .
by portraying the returned veteran as having been affected by experiences in an alien land , these films [thought/showed] the manner in which american society viewed these unwelcome reminders of defeat .

The complete incomprehension with which the inexperienced cavalry lieutenant views the depredations of the reservation-breaking Apaches in Robert Aldrich 's powerful Ulzana 's Raid ( 1972 ) reflected the inability of Americans to understand an alien — i.e .
the complete incomprehension with which the inexperienced cavalry lieutenant views the depredations of the reservation-breaking apaches in robert aldrich 's powerful ulzana 's raid ( 1972 ) [thought/showed] the inability of americans to understand an alien — i.e .

Greenfield picks up as most pertinent to her own argument his attempt to trace ‘ this failure to a lack of conscious differentiation of self from others ’ and his prediction that this will be ‘ reflected in the structure of communication , as , for example , in failing to make one 's point of view known ’ ( ibid . )
greenfield picks up as most pertinent to her own argument his attempt to trace ‘ this failure to a lack of conscious differentiation of self from others ’ and his prediction that this will be ‘ [thought/showed] in the structure of communication , as , for example , in failing to make one 's point of view known ’ ( ibid . )

Plymouth youth justice team manager Phil Kendrick says courts view young women 's crimes differently and that this is reflected in the sentences dished out by magistrates .
plymouth youth justice team manager phil kendrick says courts view young women 's crimes differently and that this is [thought/showed] in the sentences dished out by magistrates .

Some aspects of the mainstream conservative themes can be seen reflected in Oakeshott 's work .
some aspects of the mainstream conservative themes can be seen [thought/showed] in oakeshott 's work .

Although individual consent was of central importance to Hobbes , he did not believe that the authority of law rested on the fact that it promoted a desirable objective or that it reflected a profound truth .
although individual consent was of central importance to hobbes , he did not believe that the authority of law rested on the fact that it promoted a desirable objective or that it [thought/showed] a profound truth .

It is perhaps most clearly reflected in the continuous , adaptive processes of the common law .
it is perhaps most clearly [thought/showed] in the continuous , adaptive processes of the common law .

This pillar , which constituted a defence of the common law tradition , seems to be firmly rooted in the ancient conception , for the rather simple reason that this conception of the rule of law is clearly reflected in the common law tradition itself .
this pillar , which constituted a defence of the common law tradition , seems to be firmly rooted in the ancient conception , for the rather simple reason that this conception of the rule of law is clearly [thought/showed] in the common law tradition itself .

This style of writing focuses on facts rather than abstractions : this explains the differences in the views of Dicey and Jennings on the subject of sovereignty ; it is the reason for the disagreement between Dicey and Robson over whether or not we have administrative law ; and it is reflected in Willis 's argument against Hewart that the test of the existence of the ‘ new despotism ’ was to be found in the way in which the powers were actually used rather than how the form of the power cut across abstract constitutional principles .
this style of writing focuses on facts rather than abstractions : this explains the differences in the views of dicey and jennings on the subject of sovereignty ; it is the reason for the disagreement between dicey and robson over whether or not we have administrative law ; and it is [thought/showed] in willis 's argument against hewart that the test of the existence of the ‘ new despotism ’ was to be found in the way in which the powers were actually used rather than how the form of the power cut across abstract constitutional principles .

Evolutionary rationalism was built into its foundations and was reflected in the character of its early work .
evolutionary rationalism was built into its foundations and was [thought/showed] in the character of its early work .

Good eating habits , plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables , and , of course , a reasonable amount of sleep all lend themselves to good health , which in turn will be reflected in a clear skin and bright eyes which are attractive in themselves .
good eating habits , plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables , and , of course , a reasonable amount of sleep all lend themselves to good health , which in turn will be [thought/showed] in a clear skin and bright eyes which are attractive in themselves .

Jack 's only complaint was that the pittance he was paid hardly reflected the responsibility placed upon him .
jack 's only complaint was that the pittance he was paid hardly [thought/showed] the responsibility placed upon him .

She was breaking up now , though , Jack reflected sadly .
she was breaking up now , though , jack [thought/showed] sadly .

He seemed perfectly at ease as he faced her on the garden bench , and his wide blue eyes reflected a certain acceptance .
he seemed perfectly at ease as he faced her on the garden bench , and his wide blue eyes [thought/showed] a certain acceptance .

Successful socialization of a new member should be reflected in job satisfaction , role clarity , high levels of motivation , acceptance of the corporate culture , commitment and high performance .
successful socialization of a new member should be [thought/showed] in job satisfaction , role clarity , high levels of motivation , acceptance of the corporate culture , commitment and high performance .

Indeed , the research evidence is so strong that it is now reflected in the high incidence of work teams , ‘ away days ’ for functional groups and courses in team-building .
indeed , the research evidence is so strong that it is now [thought/showed] in the high incidence of work teams , ‘ away days ’ for functional groups and courses in team-building .

The lower transfusion requirements in the regulated group reflected milder illness with less investigational blood loss but may also have related to a greater initial endowment of red cells and their precursors .
the lower transfusion requirements in the regulated group [thought/showed] milder illness with less investigational blood loss but may also have related to a greater initial endowment of red cells and their precursors .

Although the correlation between packed cell volume and red cell volume in sick patients is not close , the higher packed cell volume in our regulated group probably reflected an enhanced red cell volume .
although the correlation between packed cell volume and red cell volume in sick patients is not close , the higher packed cell volume in our regulated group probably [thought/showed] an enhanced red cell volume .

Confounding variables which may have affected urinary albumin excretion were similar within and between our two groups — that is , glycaemic control , weight , and protein intake ( as reflected by urinary urea excretion ) .
confounding variables which may have affected urinary albumin excretion were similar within and between our two groups — that is , glycaemic control , weight , and protein intake ( as [thought/showed] by urinary urea excretion ) .

In theory the preregistration year is an integral part of basic medical education , which is reflected in the fact that the universities have statutory responsibility for this year .
in theory the preregistration year is an integral part of basic medical education , which is [thought/showed] in the fact that the universities have statutory responsibility for this year .

Similarly , the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Act of 1974 reflected the determination of the legislature to reassert its authority in domestic policy-making .
similarly , the congressional budget and impoundment act of 1974 [thought/showed] the determination of the legislature to reassert its authority in domestic policy-making .

The new posture was reflected in other steps that Congress took in an attempt to improve its procedures and which , ultimately , were to make life substantially more difficult for presidents .
the new posture was [thought/showed] in other steps that congress took in an attempt to improve its procedures and which , ultimately , were to make life substantially more difficult for presidents .

The inappropriateness of Carter 's background and experience was reflected in the insensitivity of his handling of Congress .
the inappropriateness of carter 's background and experience was [thought/showed] in the insensitivity of his handling of congress .

The strength of Reagan 's appeal in combination with the rightwards shift in the thinking of many Californians was reflected in a landslide victory for Reagan and successes for other Republican candidates in 1966 .
the strength of reagan 's appeal in combination with the rightwards shift in the thinking of many californians was [thought/showed] in a landslide victory for reagan and successes for other republican candidates in 1966 .

’ It was essential , moreover , that the executive should , as far as possible , remain in charge of the budgetary process to ensure that the final product , as far as possible , reflected the president 's economic policy preferences rather than those of the legislature .
’ it was essential , moreover , that the executive should , as far as possible , remain in charge of the budgetary process to ensure that the final product , as far as possible , [thought/showed] the president 's economic policy preferences rather than those of the legislature .

The paucity of Reagan 's legislative record after 1981 is reflected in Congressional Quarterly presidential support scores .
the paucity of reagan 's legislative record after 1981 is [thought/showed] in congressional quarterly presidential support scores .

The system posed some obstacles to the monarch 's freedom of appointment , but it reflected above all the nobles ' concern to benefit from rather than to limit the power of the State .
the system posed some obstacles to the monarch 's freedom of appointment , but it [thought/showed] above all the nobles ' concern to benefit from rather than to limit the power of the state .

But the fact that they did not impose formal constraints upon royal power reflected above all their overriding interest in the maintenance of a strong central state capable of holding the peasants in check .
but the fact that they did not impose formal constraints upon royal power [thought/showed] above all their overriding interest in the maintenance of a strong central state capable of holding the peasants in check .

The general decline in the Church 's influence was reflected in a degree of secularization in Russian culture .
the general decline in the church 's influence was [thought/showed] in a degree of secularization in russian culture .

This was reflected in her growing ascendancy over Poland , and in the newfound respect with which the major continental powers treated her .
this was [thought/showed] in her growing ascendancy over poland , and in the newfound respect with which the major continental powers treated her .

But the State 's increased income also reflected significant economic development from Peter 's reign onwards .
but the state 's increased income also [thought/showed] significant economic development from peter 's reign onwards .

The grim determination with which Peter the Great restored the army after the disaster at Narva ( 1700 ) , and risked all in the decisive battle against the Swedes at Poltava ( 1709 ) , reflected in large measure his own indomitable , exuberant , ruthless personality .
the grim determination with which peter the great restored the army after the disaster at narva ( 1700 ) , and risked all in the decisive battle against the swedes at poltava ( 1709 ) , [thought/showed] in large measure his own indomitable , exuberant , ruthless personality .

The ruthless punishment meted out to senior officials who fell from favour reflected the general lack of legal safeguards for life and property .
the ruthless punishment meted out to senior officials who fell from favour [thought/showed] the general lack of legal safeguards for life and property .

This weakness was reflected in their continuing social and political subordination .
this weakness was [thought/showed] in their continuing social and political subordination .

Too much momentum had gathered behind several of the major reform proposals for them to be abandoned , but the final legislation reflected the government 's intense concern that the new freedom should be carefully circumscribed .
too much momentum had gathered behind several of the major reform proposals for them to be abandoned , but the final legislation [thought/showed] the government 's intense concern that the new freedom should be carefully circumscribed .

This was reflected in the literary diet on which the radical subculture fed .
this was [thought/showed] in the literary diet on which the radical subculture fed .

The last decades of the century saw the flowering of numerous bizarre but intensely committed religious sects which often reflected disenchantment with both Church and State .
the last decades of the century saw the flowering of numerous bizarre but intensely committed religious sects which often [thought/showed] disenchantment with both church and state .

This reflected the rapid introduction of the most modern machinery modelled on the West ; the need for enterprises in new areas to be self-sufficient in a variety of secondary products ; and the repeated if brief depressions which hit Russian industry , eliminating competitors and encouraging mergers .
this [thought/showed] the rapid introduction of the most modern machinery modelled on the west ; the need for enterprises in new areas to be self-sufficient in a variety of secondary products ; and the repeated if brief depressions which hit russian industry , eliminating competitors and encouraging mergers .

The split reflected a portentous difference of approach within the Party .
the split [thought/showed] a portentous difference of approach within the party .

Fundholding has undoubtedly had its successes , reflected in a sea change in the attitude of hospital clinicians and management towards general practice and recognisable improvements in the management and organisation of practices .
fundholding has undoubtedly had its successes , [thought/showed] in a sea change in the attitude of hospital clinicians and management towards general practice and recognisable improvements in the management and organisation of practices .

But in performing their tasks all both reflected and further promoted the territorialization of power which was so prominent a feature of the eleventh century political scene .
but in performing their tasks all both [thought/showed] and further promoted the territorialization of power which was so prominent a feature of the eleventh century political scene .

This reflected important social changes .
this [thought/showed] important social changes .

Therefore group effort on behalf of the company is reflected not only in working hours , but also in voluntary overtime clubs or quality control circles that meet outside regular working hours .
therefore group effort on behalf of the company is [thought/showed] not only in working hours , but also in voluntary overtime clubs or quality control circles that meet outside regular working hours .

Krauss 1984 ) argue that this power imbalance between the Diet and the executive was just a temporary phase which reflected the obstructionist tactics of Diet opposition groups who did not follow the rules of the parliamentary game .
krauss 1984 ) argue that this power imbalance between the diet and the executive was just a temporary phase which [thought/showed] the obstructionist tactics of diet opposition groups who did not follow the rules of the parliamentary game .

This is not generally reflected in work on Japan published in English where the debate , if it is mentioned at all , seems to be based on the early works of Marx and a selective version of Weber .
this is not generally [thought/showed] in work on japan published in english where the debate , if it is mentioned at all , seems to be based on the early works of marx and a selective version of weber .

Although Marxism is very influential in Japanese social science , this is poorly reflected in work published in English .
although marxism is very influential in japanese social science , this is poorly [thought/showed] in work published in english .

The contrast in the relative proportions of labour and capital used in production is clearly reflected in productivity when this is measured in terms of the value added per worker .
the contrast in the relative proportions of labour and capital used in production is clearly [thought/showed] in productivity when this is measured in terms of the value added per worker .

Figure 2.4 in the last chapter illustrated the extent of differences in value-added productivity between large and small firms and these are very clearly reflected in earnings .
figure 2.4 in the last chapter illustrated the extent of differences in value-added productivity between large and small firms and these are very clearly [thought/showed] in earnings .

Proposals that wages should be linked directly to age were put forward by labour unions in the later 1940s as a way of establishing a wage profile that reflected the increasing levels of housing or educational spending , but the slope of the female wage profile shows that the age/wage connection may not be universal .
proposals that wages should be linked directly to age were put forward by labour unions in the later 1940s as a way of establishing a wage profile that [thought/showed] the increasing levels of housing or educational spending , but the slope of the female wage profile shows that the age/wage connection may not be universal .

What production control did achieve was the combination of blue and white collar labour in ways that reflected the essence of enterprise unions .
what production control did achieve was the combination of blue and white collar labour in ways that [thought/showed] the essence of enterprise unions .

The physical limitations of the processor and memory in the existing configuration are reflected quantitatively in the performance of the system .
the physical limitations of the processor and memory in the existing configuration are [thought/showed] quantitatively in the performance of the system .

More importantly , none of them spontaneously reflected the irony or the exaggerations of the passage in their recall .
more importantly , none of them spontaneously [thought/showed] the irony or the exaggerations of the passage in their recall .

She lay in her bed , her eyes moving across the ceiling where the snow piled outside her window reflected vague purple-grey patterns into the room .
she lay in her bed , her eyes moving across the ceiling where the snow piled outside her window [thought/showed] vague purple-grey patterns into the room .

Unlike his mother , who slept with the curtains drawn , Patrick preferred them open , and the wan dawn light reflected off the snow and created a ghostly , sparkling pattern across the high ceiling .
unlike his mother , who slept with the curtains drawn , patrick preferred them open , and the wan dawn light [thought/showed] off the snow and created a ghostly , sparkling pattern across the high ceiling .

At least in London , Manchester , Birmingham , Glasgow or Edinburgh , he had contacts he could exploit , although , he reflected ruefully , his contacts in London had n't borne much fruit .
at least in london , manchester , birmingham , glasgow or edinburgh , he had contacts he could exploit , although , he [thought/showed] ruefully , his contacts in london had n't borne much fruit .

It was whole societies that were being democratized , and it was often the case that the extension of the franchise followed upon this process and reflected it , rather than being the sole or dominant issue in the nineteenth-century debate on democracy .
it was whole societies that were being democratized , and it was often the case that the extension of the franchise followed upon this process and [thought/showed] it , rather than being the sole or dominant issue in the nineteenth-century debate on democracy .

They may also be duplicated by physical models , are not destroyed by bleaching and all the component wavelengths of the incident light are to be found in either the reflected , scattered or transmitted fractions .
they may also be duplicated by physical models , are not destroyed by bleaching and all the component wavelengths of the incident light are to be found in either the [thought/showed] , scattered or transmitted fractions .

It is possible that variations in the colour and intensity of light reflected from these structures help to confuse predators as to the size and distance of the insect .
it is possible that variations in the colour and intensity of light [thought/showed] from these structures help to confuse predators as to the size and distance of the insect .

The greater proportion of boys in the sample reflected more high scoring boys than girls being in the lower mathematics sets in the schools working with the project .
the greater proportion of boys in the sample [thought/showed] more high scoring boys than girls being in the lower mathematics sets in the schools working with the project .

The depth and quality of the response by children , reflected in their drawings , paintings and claywork began to surprise everyone .
the depth and quality of the response by children , [thought/showed] in their drawings , paintings and claywork began to surprise everyone .

This experiment is interesting in highlighting how the subjective experience of sleepiness is not necessarily reflected in performance measures , and more importantly in demonstrating some permanent change in the sleep patterns of the group of six `` normal `` sleepers .
this experiment is interesting in highlighting how the subjective experience of sleepiness is not necessarily [thought/showed] in performance measures , and more importantly in demonstrating some permanent change in the sleep patterns of the group of six `` normal `` sleepers .

All manipulations on the early post-implantation embryo require that the embryo be dissected free of the decidua and that Reichert 's membrane , which does not readily expand in culture , be reflected or removed .
all manipulations on the early post-implantation embryo require that the embryo be dissected free of the decidua and that reichert 's membrane , which does not readily expand in culture , be [thought/showed] or removed .

This is reflected in health visitors `` attitudes to foot health .
this is [thought/showed] in health visitors `` attitudes to foot health .

Contemporary perceptions continue to be reflected in historical writing : thus Robert Gray 's valuable study of the " skilled workers " in Edinburgh is confined to an all-male sample ; no dressmakers for instance are included , and he refers only in passing to women compositors .
contemporary perceptions continue to be [thought/showed] in historical writing : thus robert gray 's valuable study of the " skilled workers " in edinburgh is confined to an all-male sample ; no dressmakers for instance are included , and he refers only in passing to women compositors .

Not surprisingly , this picture reflected the patchiness of provision and the lack of integration of resources with educational objectives noted in such recent national surveys as Aspects of Secondary Education , ( 1979 ) .
not surprisingly , this picture [thought/showed] the patchiness of provision and the lack of integration of resources with educational objectives noted in such recent national surveys as aspects of secondary education , ( 1979 ) .

But the basic premise of Compacts based on Partnership between Education and Industry , should be fully reflected in their management structures .
but the basic premise of compacts based on partnership between education and industry , should be fully [thought/showed] in their management structures .

In short , the staff required on duty will vary from time to time and this should be reflected in the hours for which nurses are recruited to permanent contracts .
in short , the staff required on duty will vary from time to time and this should be [thought/showed] in the hours for which nurses are recruited to permanent contracts .

Cecilia reflected on how massive the explosion must have been for her and that beautiful girl to have heard it up here in West Hampstead .
cecilia [thought/showed] on how massive the explosion must have been for her and that beautiful girl to have heard it up here in west hampstead .

The Saunders chose gold as the theme for festive decorations — gold scrolls adorn the mirror and shiny gilt ribbon bows sparkle against the dark fireplace , made by John Left : Soft candlelight is reflected in sun-shaped candleholders and a charming golden lantern
the saunders chose gold as the theme for festive decorations — gold scrolls adorn the mirror and shiny gilt ribbon bows sparkle against the dark fireplace , made by john left : soft candlelight is [thought/showed] in sun-shaped candleholders and a charming golden lantern

It reflected three forces : decolonisation , revolution and , of course , the intervention of outside powers .
it [thought/showed] three forces : decolonisation , revolution and , of course , the intervention of outside powers .

He writes that this evidence , together with several other timings in crucial copies and printer 's proofs of the score , reveals that ‘ during Mahler 's lifetime , performances of the Adagietto by the composer as well as by his close colleagues averaged about eight minutes … if Mahler 's timings reflected only his mood at a particular concert one could understand that some conductors might not feel compelled to follow his tempos .
he writes that this evidence , together with several other timings in crucial copies and printer 's proofs of the score , reveals that ‘ during mahler 's lifetime , performances of the adagietto by the composer as well as by his close colleagues averaged about eight minutes … if mahler 's timings [thought/showed] only his mood at a particular concert one could understand that some conductors might not feel compelled to follow his tempos .

Though the hall 's notoriously unhelpful acoustic is reflected in the relatively dry sound , the Teldec engineers have done wonders in giving it not only a fair bloom but in conveying an extreme dynamic range .
though the hall 's notoriously unhelpful acoustic is [thought/showed] in the relatively dry sound , the teldec engineers have done wonders in giving it not only a fair bloom but in conveying an extreme dynamic range .

The exception had become the rule ; nearly half the counties had lost their largest urban centres ; the division between rural and urban local government had hardened in a form which caused controversy for nearly a century , and which is still reflected in the current structure ( Hampton 1966:464 — 5 ) .
the exception had become the rule ; nearly half the counties had lost their largest urban centres ; the division between rural and urban local government had hardened in a form which caused controversy for nearly a century , and which is still [thought/showed] in the current structure ( hampton 1966:464 — 5 ) .

first , they deplored the separation of town and country which was reflected in the distinction between county boroughs and county councils , and in the existence of urban and rural districts in the county areas .
first , they deplored the separation of town and country which was [thought/showed] in the distinction between county boroughs and county councils , and in the existence of urban and rural districts in the county areas .

In part these various proposals reflected the circumstances of the areas concerned , whether they were densely or sparsely populated for instance ; but in part they represented the different emphasis in the proposals on the objectives being pursued .
in part these various proposals [thought/showed] the circumstances of the areas concerned , whether they were densely or sparsely populated for instance ; but in part they represented the different emphasis in the proposals on the objectives being pursued .

In part this reflected the usual vested interests of existing local authorities , but there were also the special difficulties caused by an uneven distribution of population .
in part this [thought/showed] the usual vested interests of existing local authorities , but there were also the special difficulties caused by an uneven distribution of population .

In Ireland a similar but slower growth reflected both the political circumstances of the country and the slower rate of economic growth and urbanisation ( Roche 1982 : Ch .
in ireland a similar but slower growth [thought/showed] both the political circumstances of the country and the slower rate of economic growth and urbanisation ( roche 1982 : ch .

The origins of modern local government in the many single-purpose authorities created in the nineteenth century continued to be reflected in the strength of departmental organisation in the newly created compendious authorities .
the origins of modern local government in the many single-purpose authorities created in the nineteenth century continued to be [thought/showed] in the strength of departmental organisation in the newly created compendious authorities .

The central theme of the Bains Report ( 1972 ) is reflected in the following quotation ‘ … the traditional departmental attitude within much of local government must give way to a wider-ranging corporate outlook ’ ( Bains 1972:6 ) .
the central theme of the bains report ( 1972 ) is [thought/showed] in the following quotation ‘ … the traditional departmental attitude within much of local government must give way to a wider-ranging corporate outlook ’ ( bains 1972:6 ) .

The terms of reference of the Committee reflected these controversies in muted tones .
the terms of reference of the committee [thought/showed] these controversies in muted tones .

Despite these possible obstacles to defining the boundaries and content of a local political system , local government has traditionally shown two characteristics of autonomous behaviour which have been reflected in different policy outcomes between local authorities of otherwise similar conditions .
despite these possible obstacles to defining the boundaries and content of a local political system , local government has traditionally shown two characteristics of autonomous behaviour which have been [thought/showed] in different policy outcomes between local authorities of otherwise similar conditions .

The growing interest in the alternative comedy and cabaret scene is reflected in the festival by the inclusion on the bill of performers such as Perrier Award winning comedian Sean Hughes , satirist Dillie Keane and stand-up poet John Hegley .
the growing interest in the alternative comedy and cabaret scene is [thought/showed] in the festival by the inclusion on the bill of performers such as perrier award winning comedian sean hughes , satirist dillie keane and stand-up poet john hegley .

Or maybe , overall , it 's a creatively fallow period , and that fact is simply reflected by people 's lack of interest .
or maybe , overall , it 's a creatively fallow period , and that fact is simply [thought/showed] by people 's lack of interest .

Major questions about the individual and society have preoccupied thinkers in all periods of history : the philosophers of Ancient Greece and Rome reflected upon the way society operated and/or should operate , and for centuries afterwards social and political theorists and philosophers applied themselves to similar questions .
major questions about the individual and society have preoccupied thinkers in all periods of history : the philosophers of ancient greece and rome [thought/showed] upon the way society operated and/or should operate , and for centuries afterwards social and political theorists and philosophers applied themselves to similar questions .

Many studies of voting behaviour , educational achievement , urban development and so on , have in the past reflected the reasonable assumption that the social boundaries between the classes have been fairly clear .
many studies of voting behaviour , educational achievement , urban development and so on , have in the past [thought/showed] the reasonable assumption that the social boundaries between the classes have been fairly clear .

The era of ‘ full employment ’ has clearly gone , and the economic depression is now reflected in the personal depression , anxiety and illness that unemployment is increasingly producing .
the era of ‘ full employment ’ has clearly gone , and the economic depression is now [thought/showed] in the personal depression , anxiety and illness that unemployment is increasingly producing .

It had been five years since the President had last presented the awards for gallantry and to voluntary workers , and in his opening remarks he reflected that in that time over 7,600 lives had been saved , 180 new boats built and lifeboat technology had advanced by leaps and bounds .
it had been five years since the president had last presented the awards for gallantry and to voluntary workers , and in his opening remarks he [thought/showed] that in that time over 7,600 lives had been saved , 180 new boats built and lifeboat technology had advanced by leaps and bounds .

The infra-structure was encouraged with the development of railways , ports and roads : the preoccupation with railway construction reflected military concern and , as Bruce Cumings has remarked , helped to put Korea in a far more favourable situation vis-à-vis other developing countries in 1945 .
the infra-structure was encouraged with the development of railways , ports and roads : the preoccupation with railway construction [thought/showed] military concern and , as bruce cumings has remarked , helped to put korea in a far more favourable situation vis-à-vis other developing countries in 1945 .

They reflected as to whether division at the top of the Korean peninsula might not be preferable but believed that the 38th parallel could be accepted if the Russians insisted on moving into the northern part of the peninsula .
they [thought/showed] as to whether division at the top of the korean peninsula might not be preferable but believed that the 38th parallel could be accepted if the russians insisted on moving into the northern part of the peninsula .

It was , he sadly reflected , impossible to keep the Koreans away from factionalism and skulduggery .
it was , he sadly [thought/showed] , impossible to keep the koreans away from factionalism and skulduggery .

Negotiations should take place on a basis of equality with Japan to decide how American bases in Japan would operate : the outcome should be reflected in a discrete United States-Japan agreement to apply simultaneously with the implementation of the treaty .
negotiations should take place on a basis of equality with japan to decide how american bases in japan would operate : the outcome should be [thought/showed] in a discrete united states-japan agreement to apply simultaneously with the implementation of the treaty .

And that is reflected in the declining wealth fall of our 20 losers from their respective peaks .
and that is [thought/showed] in the declining wealth fall of our 20 losers from their respective peaks .

The accepted wisdom that bulk car manufacturers buy exclusive marques ( Chrysler and Lamborghini , et cetera in the hope of garnering reflected glory is misplaced : any benefit that might accrue to the Escort by dint of its coming from the same stable as the Virage would be heavily outweighed by the damage done to the Virage by the Escort .
the accepted wisdom that bulk car manufacturers buy exclusive marques ( chrysler and lamborghini , et cetera in the hope of garnering [thought/showed] glory is misplaced : any benefit that might accrue to the escort by dint of its coming from the same stable as the virage would be heavily outweighed by the damage done to the virage by the escort .

The dynamism within the urban system is reflected in the performance of individual cities .
the dynamism within the urban system is [thought/showed] in the performance of individual cities .

Crime fiction , too , reflected these alterations , so that crime stories had ‘ greatly increased in bloodthirstiness during the past twenty years ’ .
crime fiction , too , [thought/showed] these alterations , so that crime stories had ‘ greatly increased in bloodthirstiness during the past twenty years ’ .

The case of street robbery is particularly interesting , because this is commonly the most sensitive area for registering public concern about crime and violence , itself reflected in the fact that robbery-with-violence was the only common offence for which an adult offender could be sentenced to whipping before the abolition of corporal punishment in 1948 .
the case of street robbery is particularly interesting , because this is commonly the most sensitive area for registering public concern about crime and violence , itself [thought/showed] in the fact that robbery-with-violence was the only common offence for which an adult offender could be sentenced to whipping before the abolition of corporal punishment in 1948 .

’ This was reflected in the decisions of the courts , where slightly more than half of juveniles charges with indictable offences received a probation sentence in the 1930s .
’ this was [thought/showed] in the decisions of the courts , where slightly more than half of juveniles charges with indictable offences received a probation sentence in the 1930s .

The sense of moral crisis and social discontinuity reflected here was deeply characteristic of late Victorian and Edwardian society , and from the late 1890s until the First World War there was a flood of such accusations against the youth .
the sense of moral crisis and social discontinuity [thought/showed] here was deeply characteristic of late victorian and edwardian society , and from the late 1890s until the first world war there was a flood of such accusations against the youth .

These statements reflected generalised anxieties about the youth , but particularly aggravated accusations of irresponsibility , freedom and affluence were brought against young people employed in various kinds of street work : as van boys , messenger boys , boys to hold horses ' heads , and street traders . Pointing to the easy pickings and careless pleasures of newspaper sellers , flower sellers , barrel-organ boys and other youthful street traders , a government report of 1910 provided what was perhaps the most extravagant version of these common Edwardian fears :
these statements [thought/showed] generalised anxieties about the youth , but particularly aggravated accusations of irresponsibility , freedom and affluence were brought against young people employed in various kinds of street work : as van boys , messenger boys , boys to hold horses ' heads , and street traders . pointing to the easy pickings and careless pleasures of newspaper sellers , flower sellers , barrel-organ boys and other youthful street traders , a government report of 1910 provided what was perhaps the most extravagant version of these common edwardian fears :

There was even a character in Comic Cuts in the 1890s , a youthful prowler named ‘ Area Sneaker , — and what a pseudonym that is to conjure with from this supposedly untroubled late Victorian era — who reflected the fashion .
there was even a character in comic cuts in the 1890s , a youthful prowler named ‘ area sneaker , — and what a pseudonym that is to conjure with from this supposedly untroubled late victorian era — who [thought/showed] the fashion .

Other sections of the press reflected the same feeling , as when The Spectator entertained the view that ‘ roads like the Bayswater Road are as unsafe as Naples ’ , or The Observer lamented how ‘ the ‘ gentlemanly ’ ’ highway-man ' had ‘ degenerated into a coarse , brutal ruffian ’ .
other sections of the press [thought/showed] the same feeling , as when the spectator entertained the view that ‘ roads like the bayswater road are as unsafe as naples ’ , or the observer lamented how ‘ the ‘ gentlemanly ’ ’ highway-man ' had ‘ degenerated into a coarse , brutal ruffian ’ .

Because this conventionally liberal response to the prevailing mood disguises the fact that the them as which arranged themselves around the flogging solution reflected a much more mature retrenchment , and a much more solid base of opinion and material circumstance than is usefully summarised by the word ‘ panic ’ .
because this conventionally liberal response to the prevailing mood disguises the fact that the them as which arranged themselves around the flogging solution [thought/showed] a much more mature retrenchment , and a much more solid base of opinion and material circumstance than is usefully summarised by the word ‘ panic ’ .

It reflected the growing problem of how to deal with surplus manpower once peace had been made in a major theatre of war .
it [thought/showed] the growing problem of how to deal with surplus manpower once peace had been made in a major theatre of war .

The influence of this view is clearly reflected in the works of the two thirteenth-century Dominican friars , Raymond of Peñafort and Thomas Aquinas , who , over a period of half a century , set out what was to become the orthodox justification of certain wars , the ‘ just ’ wars , as we term them .
the influence of this view is clearly [thought/showed] in the works of the two thirteenth-century dominican friars , raymond of peñafort and thomas aquinas , who , over a period of half a century , set out what was to become the orthodox justification of certain wars , the ‘ just ’ wars , as we term them .

What if the arguments conjured up to justify a war were false , or a king 's motives reflected factors ( naked ambition , for instance ) less worthy than a seeking after justice ?
what if the arguments conjured up to justify a war were false , or a king 's motives [thought/showed] factors ( naked ambition , for instance ) less worthy than a seeking after justice ?

It was not so much the existence of war as the manner of fighting it which aroused the criticism of an increasingly outspoken body of persons who reflected the views of society in the growing vernacular literature and poetry of the time .
it was not so much the existence of war as the manner of fighting it which aroused the criticism of an increasingly outspoken body of persons who [thought/showed] the views of society in the growing vernacular literature and poetry of the time .

Bouvet 's writings reflected the opinions of many chroniclers of the period who wrote as vociferous critics of the excesses of the soldiery .
bouvet 's writings [thought/showed] the opinions of many chroniclers of the period who wrote as vociferous critics of the excesses of the soldiery .

We may see this idea reflected in a number of ways .
we may see this idea [thought/showed] in a number of ways .

This is reflected in the endings of his films , his contrived resolutions , which always seem to let him down : his endings may be happy , but they 're seldom felicitous .
this is [thought/showed] in the endings of his films , his contrived resolutions , which always seem to let him down : his endings may be happy , but they 're seldom felicitous .

Just as generals always seem to be planning for better ways to fight the last war , so the study of international relations has often reflected the concerns of the previous generation .
just as generals always seem to be planning for better ways to fight the last war , so the study of international relations has often [thought/showed] the concerns of the previous generation .

Carr used these three foundation stones to construct an attack on the utopians , contending that their faith in a timeless moral code merely reflected the specific interests of one set of satisfied powers after the First World War .
carr used these three foundation stones to construct an attack on the utopians , contending that their faith in a timeless moral code merely [thought/showed] the specific interests of one set of satisfied powers after the first world war .

Even if Behaviouralism in truth attacked Realism for its method rather than its assumptions , the attack did nevertheless have serious consequences for the development of the subject , making its practitioners at least much more conscious of the importance of methodological issues ; and this has been reflected in continuing debates about methodology since the mid-1950s .
even if behaviouralism in truth attacked realism for its method rather than its assumptions , the attack did nevertheless have serious consequences for the development of the subject , making its practitioners at least much more conscious of the importance of methodological issues ; and this has been [thought/showed] in continuing debates about methodology since the mid-1950s .

In Egyptian myth , for example , the same duality is reflected by the eternal conflict between Set and Osiris .
in egyptian myth , for example , the same duality is [thought/showed] by the eternal conflict between set and osiris .

Jesus reflected for a long time .
jesus [thought/showed] for a long time .

Other ‘ heresies ’ — that of Arius who saw Jesus as man , not God , for example — arose there and also reflected Nazarean influence .
other ‘ heresies ’ — that of arius who saw jesus as man , not god , for example — arose there and also [thought/showed] nazarean influence .

This change in female initiation patterns is also reflected in the reasons they gave for experimentation with heroin in the first place .
this change in female initiation patterns is also [thought/showed] in the reasons they gave for experimentation with heroin in the first place .

The characteristic mode of proof in common law jurisdictions is reflected in the general rule stated in the English Rules of the Supreme Court :
the characteristic mode of proof in common law jurisdictions is [thought/showed] in the general rule stated in the english rules of the supreme court :

This is reflected in the relative use made of the two methods ; though use of the Hague Evidence Convention is increasing and may ultimately change this pattern .
this is [thought/showed] in the relative use made of the two methods ; though use of the hague evidence convention is increasing and may ultimately change this pattern .

Under the Convention , a requested State is to apply the same measures of compulsion as would be available in purely domestic cases ; this is reflected in the provision in section 2 ( 3 ) of the Act that an order under that section may not require any particular steps to be taken unless they are steps which can be required to be taken by way of obtaining evidence for the purposes of civil proceedings in the court making the order , i.e .
under the convention , a requested state is to apply the same measures of compulsion as would be available in purely domestic cases ; this is [thought/showed] in the provision in section 2 ( 3 ) of the act that an order under that section may not require any particular steps to be taken unless they are steps which can be required to be taken by way of obtaining evidence for the purposes of civil proceedings in the court making the order , i.e .

This absolute increase has also been reflected in an increase in the percentage of total population accounted for by those aged 65 + .
this absolute increase has also been [thought/showed] in an increase in the percentage of total population accounted for by those aged 65 + .

This is reflected in the growth in the number of households and the decrease in household size .
this is [thought/showed] in the growth in the number of households and the decrease in household size .

Have these overall changes in mortality been reflected equally in the different causes of death ?
have these overall changes in mortality been [thought/showed] equally in the different causes of death ?

The changes in late-age mortality observed between 1961 and 1985 are reflected in increased life expectancy ( see Table 3.8 ) .
the changes in late-age mortality observed between 1961 and 1985 are [thought/showed] in increased life expectancy ( see table 3.8 ) .

This concentration upon identifying broad trends in the epidemiology or organic brain disorders is reflected in the sections of this chapter dealing with incidence and prevalence .
this concentration upon identifying broad trends in the epidemiology or organic brain disorders is [thought/showed] in the sections of this chapter dealing with incidence and prevalence .

This is now being reflected in the high rates of lung cancer and heart disease among women .
this is now being [thought/showed] in the high rates of lung cancer and heart disease among women .

This is reflected in the way care is provided .
this is [thought/showed] in the way care is provided .

Are these differences reflected in their patterns of service utilization ?
are these differences [thought/showed] in their patterns of service utilization ?

The long gap between the publication of the Green paper and the White paper reflected the unpopularity among government circles of the main recommendations of the Green paper .
the long gap between the publication of the green paper and the white paper [thought/showed] the unpopularity among government circles of the main recommendations of the green paper .

And we all nodded at him : the man of finance , the man of accounts , the man of law , we all nodded at him over the polished table that like a still sheet of brown water reflected our faces , lined , wrinkled ; our faces marked by toil , by deceptions , by success , by love ; our weary eyes looking still , looking always , looking anxiously for something out of life , that while it is expected is already gone — has passed unseen , in a sigh , in a flash — together with the youth , with the strength , with the romance of illusions .
and we all nodded at him : the man of finance , the man of accounts , the man of law , we all nodded at him over the polished table that like a still sheet of brown water [thought/showed] our faces , lined , wrinkled ; our faces marked by toil , by deceptions , by success , by love ; our weary eyes looking still , looking always , looking anxiously for something out of life , that while it is expected is already gone — has passed unseen , in a sigh , in a flash — together with the youth , with the strength , with the romance of illusions .

When the author of The Three Midshipmen reflected that his three heroes , supposed to be his former schoolfellows at ‘ dear old Eagle House ’ , had in a few years ‘ crossed swords with real red-capped or turbaned Mohammedans , fought with true Greek romantic pirates , hunted down slavers , and explored African rivers with voracious sharks watching their mouths , hungry crocodiles basking in their slimy shallows , and veritable negroes inhabiting their banks ’ , this rhodomontade , appealing to the eager youth of the mid-Victorian period , was entirely justified .
when the author of the three midshipmen [thought/showed] that his three heroes , supposed to be his former schoolfellows at ‘ dear old eagle house ’ , had in a few years ‘ crossed swords with real red-capped or turbaned mohammedans , fought with true greek romantic pirates , hunted down slavers , and explored african rivers with voracious sharks watching their mouths , hungry crocodiles basking in their slimy shallows , and veritable negroes inhabiting their banks ’ , this rhodomontade , appealing to the eager youth of the mid-victorian period , was entirely justified .

The special atmosphere of the town and region , its architecture and landscape , cultural life and the busy port is reflected in this major exhibition which brings together paintings from public and private collections in Britain , France and America .
the special atmosphere of the town and region , its architecture and landscape , cultural life and the busy port is [thought/showed] in this major exhibition which brings together paintings from public and private collections in britain , france and america .

Parsons believes that in the schoolroom the children acquire their attachment to the larger social order of adult society which is reflected in the methods of giving and getting encouraged in school .
parsons believes that in the schoolroom the children acquire their attachment to the larger social order of adult society which is [thought/showed] in the methods of giving and getting encouraged in school .

So our schema for representing that knowledge should be reflected in the concepts in accordance with which we analyse actual accounts .
so our schema for representing that knowledge should be [thought/showed] in the concepts in accordance with which we analyse actual accounts .

Although his groups , ‘ Tiddlers ’ , ‘ Ritz ’ , and ‘ Boys ’ , reflected increasing involvement in delinquent activities , they served the same function of enabling young people to achieve the sort of reputations and images denied them in mainstream society .
although his groups , ‘ tiddlers ’ , ‘ ritz ’ , and ‘ boys ’ , [thought/showed] increasing involvement in delinquent activities , they served the same function of enabling young people to achieve the sort of reputations and images denied them in mainstream society .

Now an inspiring white-painted and immaculately maintained watermill nestles idyllically in wooden grounds and all is serenely reflected in the calm , cool mill pond .
now an inspiring white-painted and immaculately maintained watermill nestles idyllically in wooden grounds and all is serenely [thought/showed] in the calm , cool mill pond .

Kyle stared at her image reflected in the window beside him .
kyle stared at her image [thought/showed] in the window beside him .

’ Thus , if insider dealing enables ‘ everything known about the company whether public or not to be reflected in the price of that company 's shares ’ then investors ( outsiders ) are unlikely to undertake investments ‘ blind-sided ’ by developments not yet reflected in the current prices of the shares .
’ thus , if insider dealing enables ‘ everything known about the company whether public or not to be [thought/showed] in the price of that company 's shares ’ then investors ( outsiders ) are unlikely to undertake investments ‘ blind-sided ’ by developments not yet [thought/showed] in the current prices of the shares .

But far from increasing the speed with which information is assimilated into the market and reflected in the price of the share in question , insider dealing may provide incentives for insiders to actually delay the public disclosure of valuable information .
but far from increasing the speed with which information is assimilated into the market and [thought/showed] in the price of the share in question , insider dealing may provide incentives for insiders to actually delay the public disclosure of valuable information .

The cheerful decor of the Hotel Sporting is reflected in the bright and colourful beach umbrellas which are to be found right outside its doors .
the cheerful decor of the hotel sporting is [thought/showed] in the bright and colourful beach umbrellas which are to be found right outside its doors .

The Aldrovandi Palace is a distinctive hotel of style , a characteristic reflected in the fact that it is a member of prestigious Leading Hotels of the World group .
the aldrovandi palace is a distinctive hotel of style , a characteristic [thought/showed] in the fact that it is a member of prestigious leading hotels of the world group .

Italy 's intellectual and creative centre , it has always taken both sides of any argument and its contradictions are everywhere reflected in its art and in its culture .
italy 's intellectual and creative centre , it has always taken both sides of any argument and its contradictions are everywhere [thought/showed] in its art and in its culture .

This interface will function optically as a convex mirror , and light incident on it — which normally would not be perceived because it would fall on the blind spot , will be reflected back into the eye .
this interface will function optically as a convex mirror , and light incident on it — which normally would not be perceived because it would fall on the blind spot , will be [thought/showed] back into the eye .

watched — observed — reflected and finally determined that this was not a case of fortitude and resignation only .
watched — observed — [thought/showed] and finally determined that this was not a case of fortitude and resignation only .

This dissatisfaction may be reflected in the finding that almost 40 % of all the men in our sample masturbate at least once a week and only 1 in 5 says that he never does so .
this dissatisfaction may be [thought/showed] in the finding that almost 40 % of all the men in our sample masturbate at least once a week and only 1 in 5 says that he never does so .

The quantity theory reflected the view of economists prior to the 1930s that changes in the quantity of money in existence do not have a permanent effect on the real sector of the economy ( that is on , output and employment levels ) , but do determine the general price level .
the quantity theory [thought/showed] the view of economists prior to the 1930s that changes in the quantity of money in existence do not have a permanent effect on the real sector of the economy ( that is on , output and employment levels ) , but do determine the general price level .

Eleanor Rathbone firmly believed that the only way to remove a major barrier against equal pay in professions such as teaching would be to take account of the differences in standards of living reflected in the higher costs of bringing up children in the higher income groups .
eleanor rathbone firmly believed that the only way to remove a major barrier against equal pay in professions such as teaching would be to take account of the differences in standards of living [thought/showed] in the higher costs of bringing up children in the higher income groups .

Then darkness fell and we were just three faces round a table reflected in a window pane .
then darkness fell and we were just three faces round a table [thought/showed] in a window pane .

Together they represent that peculiar interface between writing and commerce , a mixture reflected in our masthead , and a visual combination that runs throughout our pages .
together they represent that peculiar interface between writing and commerce , a mixture [thought/showed] in our masthead , and a visual combination that runs throughout our pages .

Abingdon church , the trees as the two banks were also reflected in the water below me .
abingdon church , the trees as the two banks were also [thought/showed] in the water below me .

If the individual waves are large enough you can see that the object being reflected occurs twice , once the right way up , once reversed , all in the trough of one wave .
if the individual waves are large enough you can see that the object being [thought/showed] occurs twice , once the right way up , once reversed , all in the trough of one wave .

Close to the farthest bank the colour mixture was similar to the sunset it reflected , but darker .
close to the farthest bank the colour mixture was similar to the sunset it [thought/showed] , but darker .

This mud transforms the reflections of the dark cliffs and lightens them ; it even tints the shining area where the light sky is reflected .
this mud transforms the reflections of the dark cliffs and lightens them ; it even tints the shining area where the light sky is [thought/showed] .

Sunlight in The Medley Boat Station falls on the boats and trees and on the water where they are reflected .
sunlight in the medley boat station falls on the boats and trees and on the water where they are [thought/showed] .

However , there the little building on a bridge and the building on the right are reflected , all shine from the sky is cut out and some of the colour of the river bed comes through even in the middle distance .
however , there the little building on a bridge and the building on the right are [thought/showed] , all shine from the sky is cut out and some of the colour of the river bed comes through even in the middle distance .

The barrier would solve that , he said , with a reflected wave of about an inch expected .
the barrier would solve that , he said , with a [thought/showed] wave of about an inch expected .

The exhibition again fully exploited the potential of the new Exhibition Hall , and this was reflected in the excellent reviews which it received , including one in The Times which described it as ‘ a show that proves books need not be boring ’ .
the exhibition again fully exploited the potential of the new exhibition hall , and this was [thought/showed] in the excellent reviews which it received , including one in the times which described it as ‘ a show that proves books need not be boring ’ .

Clients are realising the benefits that we can offer and this has been reflected in the substantial growth that we have seen recently in sales performance , backed up of course by a dedicated service structure to ensure that customers stay with us .
clients are realising the benefits that we can offer and this has been [thought/showed] in the substantial growth that we have seen recently in sales performance , backed up of course by a dedicated service structure to ensure that customers stay with us .

The Board 's plans for 1992/93 include the introduction of a new Corporate Image which is reflected in this , our 103rd Annual report .
the board 's plans for 1992/93 include the introduction of a new corporate image which is [thought/showed] in this , our 103rd annual report .

The success of the extended reach drilling programme at Wytch Farm has been reflected in crude oil exports from the Hamble oil terminal .
the success of the extended reach drilling programme at wytch farm has been [thought/showed] in crude oil exports from the hamble oil terminal .

It is to be hoped that their effort will be reflected in the number of students applying for these courses .
it is to be hoped that their effort will be [thought/showed] in the number of students applying for these courses .

Environmental Services are keeping and still recruiting the best people and the result is still reflected by our peers and the country 's opinion formers .
environmental services are keeping and still recruiting the best people and the result is still [thought/showed] by our peers and the country 's opinion formers .

The problem of jet-set pests in aircraft is reflected in other forms of transport ; container lorries are now carrying many of the same exotic infestations that previously used to arrive only by ship .
the problem of jet-set pests in aircraft is [thought/showed] in other forms of transport ; container lorries are now carrying many of the same exotic infestations that previously used to arrive only by ship .

Our firm actions to increase premiums to adequate levels and restrain costs are now being reflected more fully in our figures .
our firm actions to increase premiums to adequate levels and restrain costs are now being [thought/showed] more fully in our figures .

These and many other thoughts of the outgoing President of Congress reflected , very much , the views and aspirations of members of this Association .
these and many other thoughts of the outgoing president of congress [thought/showed] , very much , the views and aspirations of members of this association .

How often are these stresses reflected in the family life of staff ?
how often are these stresses [thought/showed] in the family life of staff ?

These severe economic conditions were reflected in a small fall in membership and a trebling of the numbers seeking to pay a minimum hardship subscription .
these severe economic conditions were [thought/showed] in a small fall in membership and a trebling of the numbers seeking to pay a minimum hardship subscription .

The Calatrava exhibition in October received exceptional coverage which was reflected in the numbers attending the exhibition .
the calatrava exhibition in october received exceptional coverage which was [thought/showed] in the numbers attending the exhibition .

The different structures of primary and secondary schools were reflected in how health education was delivered .
the different structures of primary and secondary schools were [thought/showed] in how health education was delivered .

The programme of re-organisation and expenditure reductions which followed the review of the Society 's activities during the Autumn of 1991 has yielded the first full year of financial benefits during 1992 and these are reflected in the increased surplus .
the programme of re-organisation and expenditure reductions which followed the review of the society 's activities during the autumn of 1991 has yielded the first full year of financial benefits during 1992 and these are [thought/showed] in the increased surplus .

Interpretations require to be negotiated or reflected back to those involved which may raise problems both of confidentiality and of altering events .
interpretations require to be negotiated or [thought/showed] back to those involved which may raise problems both of confidentiality and of altering events .

Your sponsor may also need additional information to meet these requirements , which are reflected in a completely new application form issued by the Scottish Office in September .
your sponsor may also need additional information to meet these requirements , which are [thought/showed] in a completely new application form issued by the scottish office in september .

Particular outstanding work is dealing with changes to the Community Charge Register which have to be reflected in the Council Tax liabilities , approximately 30,000 changes were to be processed in this area .
particular outstanding work is dealing with changes to the community charge register which have to be [thought/showed] in the council tax liabilities , approximately 30,000 changes were to be processed in this area .

Watching her reflected in the mirror , marred by the black specks on the surface , and feeling the stickiness of the lacquer on her hair , he began to panic , it was n't how it should have been , he grabbed his shirt and jacket , he was running down the stairs , sickness heaving in his throat , an old fear of something he had never recognised before .
watching her [thought/showed] in the mirror , marred by the black specks on the surface , and feeling the stickiness of the lacquer on her hair , he began to panic , it was n't how it should have been , he grabbed his shirt and jacket , he was running down the stairs , sickness heaving in his throat , an old fear of something he had never recognised before .

It felt hollow now , lacking a centre , the fixed point had gone , only the outer shell was reflected in the mirror that hung over the sideboard , while the slices of cold meat curled on the plate that Martha had left for him .
it felt hollow now , lacking a centre , the fixed point had gone , only the outer shell was [thought/showed] in the mirror that hung over the sideboard , while the slices of cold meat curled on the plate that martha had left for him .

‘ Skogen reflected this ancient form .
‘ skogen [thought/showed] this ancient form .

By Bronze Age times the ‘ green man ’ — Green Jack , or Hooded Robin , the medieval ‘ wodehouse ’ — had become a solitary forest figure , partially deified , reflected in and mingled with such elemental forms as Pan , and Dionysus , and vaguely remembered dryads .
by bronze age times the ‘ green man ’ — green jack , or hooded robin , the medieval ‘ wodehouse ’ — had become a solitary forest figure , partially deified , [thought/showed] in and mingled with such elemental forms as pan , and dionysus , and vaguely remembered dryads .

Its research reputation is also strongly reflected in its success in attracting substantial external support , placing it in the top handful of British research universities .
its research reputation is also strongly [thought/showed] in its success in attracting substantial external support , placing it in the top handful of british research universities .

Edinburgh is known as ‘ The University in the City ’ and this description is clearly reflected in the great variety of types of accommodation available to Edinburgh University students and in its situation , with most students living in accommodation which is an integral part of the city .
edinburgh is known as ‘ the university in the city ’ and this description is clearly [thought/showed] in the great variety of types of accommodation available to edinburgh university students and in its situation , with most students living in accommodation which is an integral part of the city .

The department 's strength in the latter is reflected in its advisory association with the Overseas Development Administration , and in links with a variety of other development agencies .
the department 's strength in the latter is [thought/showed] in its advisory association with the overseas development administration , and in links with a variety of other development agencies .

And as Owen reflected on Yussuf , and on the effects of shame , the glimmerings of an idea began to come to him .
and as owen [thought/showed] on yussuf , and on the effects of shame , the glimmerings of an idea began to come to him .

Which was crazy , she reflected as she sat there , after all the things they 'd done to each other with their bodies , and the things yet to be done .
which was crazy , she [thought/showed] as she sat there , after all the things they 'd done to each other with their bodies , and the things yet to be done .

And that , she reflected sometimes , was saying plenty …
and that , she [thought/showed] sometimes , was saying plenty …

Odd , he reflected , that now she had been forced to make a straight denial , he had lost his confidence .
odd , he [thought/showed] , that now she had been forced to make a straight denial , he had lost his confidence .

When the sun 's rays hit the Earth a lot of the heat is reflected back into space but some of it is kept within the Earth 's atmosphere .
when the sun 's rays hit the earth a lot of the heat is [thought/showed] back into space but some of it is kept within the earth 's atmosphere .

The standard of a course is reflected in the pace and the treatment of the material , which makes it appropriate for graduates , but other managers of equivalent ability but who are not graduates are also eligible for selection .
the standard of a course is [thought/showed] in the pace and the treatment of the material , which makes it appropriate for graduates , but other managers of equivalent ability but who are not graduates are also eligible for selection .

There is a growing public awareness of the sensitivity of the natural environment to human activity , reflected by local problems such as the pollution of groundwater and sea and by possible global effects such as climatic change due to burning of fossil fuel .
there is a growing public awareness of the sensitivity of the natural environment to human activity , [thought/showed] by local problems such as the pollution of groundwater and sea and by possible global effects such as climatic change due to burning of fossil fuel .

In the first two years , the department offers separate courses in Design , and Architectural Science , but the mutual interdependence of these subject areas is reflected in their merging into a single design course in third year .
in the first two years , the department offers separate courses in design , and architectural science , but the mutual interdependence of these subject areas is [thought/showed] in their merging into a single design course in third year .

An unusually educational day for the common reader , reflected Amiss .
an unusually educational day for the common reader , [thought/showed] amiss .

At least murder seemed to be a great improver of manners , he reflected .
at least murder seemed to be a great improver of manners , he [thought/showed] .

Both will keep down our costs — costs that are reflected in the price you pay for electricity .
both will keep down our costs — costs that are [thought/showed] in the price you pay for electricity .

That was another slight anomaly about Ruggiero Miletti 's death , Zen reflected .
that was another slight anomaly about ruggiero miletti 's death , zen [thought/showed] .

Even though he was talking unemotionally his voice reflected the shock of that moment when the canvas flap at the back of the gypsy caravan had parted , revealing the barrels of the two Kalashnikovs .
even though he was talking unemotionally his voice [thought/showed] the shock of that moment when the canvas flap at the back of the gypsy caravan had parted , revealing the barrels of the two kalashnikovs .

This is reflected in the model by a declining marginal cost curve .
this is [thought/showed] in the model by a declining marginal cost curve .

The same authors also question the assumption that it is too costly for politicians to develop effective means of financial scrutiny , pointing to evidence that instruments of control are widely used systematically and rationally , implying that the preferences of sponsors and citizens are likely to be adequately reflected in the supply of public goods ( Breton and Wintrobe , 1975 , pp .
the same authors also question the assumption that it is too costly for politicians to develop effective means of financial scrutiny , pointing to evidence that instruments of control are widely used systematically and rationally , implying that the preferences of sponsors and citizens are likely to be adequately [thought/showed] in the supply of public goods ( breton and wintrobe , 1975 , pp .

The missing don certainly seemed to inspire strong passions , Loretta reflected .
the missing don certainly seemed to inspire strong passions , loretta [thought/showed] .

Drained of its colour , the central square of grass might have been a stretch of water were it not for the absence of reflected buildings on its calm surface .
drained of its colour , the central square of grass might have been a stretch of water were it not for the absence of [thought/showed] buildings on its calm surface .

’ They exchanged complicit smiles , and Loretta reflected that the end of the affair did not seem to have soured their friendship .
’ they exchanged complicit smiles , and loretta [thought/showed] that the end of the affair did not seem to have soured their friendship .

And a lonely one , she reflected .
and a lonely one , she [thought/showed] .

Shaking her head over Tracey 's capacity for self-absorption , Loretta reflected that she had not yet made any progress in her attempt to track down Melanie Gandell 's relatives .
shaking her head over tracey 's capacity for self-absorption , loretta [thought/showed] that she had not yet made any progress in her attempt to track down melanie gandell 's relatives .

Watching Jamie out of the corner of her eye while she poured whisky for both of them , she reflected that it was all going very well .
watching jamie out of the corner of her eye while she poured whisky for both of them , she [thought/showed] that it was all going very well .

It is also unique in the late Middle Ages , and the novelty of the duke 's position is reflected in the creation , in the parliament of 1482–3 , of a northern county palatine for him — the first since Lancashire was made a county palatine in 1351 .
it is also unique in the late middle ages , and the novelty of the duke 's position is [thought/showed] in the creation , in the parliament of 1482–3 , of a northern county palatine for him — the first since lancashire was made a county palatine in 1351 .

This change of emphasis is also reflected in his receipt of other patronage .
this change of emphasis is also [thought/showed] in his receipt of other patronage .

The fact that Gloucester 's role in the region was that of a national rather than local figure is also reflected in the fragmentary nature of his following .
the fact that gloucester 's role in the region was that of a national rather than local figure is also [thought/showed] in the fragmentary nature of his following .

Earthquakes assisted the destruction and the land silted up so that by the Middle Ages only the capitals of the columns stood above ground and the forum 's name ( Campo Vaccino ) reflected its purpose — grazing land for cattle .
earthquakes assisted the destruction and the land silted up so that by the middle ages only the capitals of the columns stood above ground and the forum 's name ( campo vaccino ) [thought/showed] its purpose — grazing land for cattle .

It is easier to judge the impression which the Black Death made on men 's minds , for this is reflected in the chroniclers ' writings , than to measure the scale of its ravages .
it is easier to judge the impression which the black death made on men 's minds , for this is [thought/showed] in the chroniclers ' writings , than to measure the scale of its ravages .

This was reflected in the increasing arrears of payments owed between the episcopate of Bishop Wakefield in 1389 and that of Bishop Carpenter in 1454 .
this was [thought/showed] in the increasing arrears of payments owed between the episcopate of bishop wakefield in 1389 and that of bishop carpenter in 1454 .

The major grievances were political , although not necessarily dynastic , and reflected discontent at the abuse of power by the men who controlled the government .
the major grievances were political , although not necessarily dynastic , and [thought/showed] discontent at the abuse of power by the men who controlled the government .

The dominance of London in the country has been reflected in the interests of historians , who have devoted more time to it than to provincial centres , although recent work has done something to redress the balance .
the dominance of london in the country has been [thought/showed] in the interests of historians , who have devoted more time to it than to provincial centres , although recent work has done something to redress the balance .

Another development clearly reflected in the customs records is the increasing dominance of London , particularly in cloth exports .
another development clearly [thought/showed] in the customs records is the increasing dominance of london , particularly in cloth exports .

The fact that England virtually possessed a common language is also reflected in the increasing extent to which it was used both by individuals and by corporate bodies .
the fact that england virtually possessed a common language is also [thought/showed] in the increasing extent to which it was used both by individuals and by corporate bodies .

Answer guide : Answers should show an understanding that assets are used up over time and that this fact is not reflected merely by stating an asset at cost .
answer guide : answers should show an understanding that assets are used up over time and that this fact is not [thought/showed] merely by stating an asset at cost .

In each of the following situations discuss the potential effect on the business and suggest possible ways in which those effects could be reflected on the worksheet .
in each of the following situations discuss the potential effect on the business and suggest possible ways in which those effects could be [thought/showed] on the worksheet .

You must also remember that whatever deal you do , it 's reflected for all to see on the Ticker page of the Topic system .
you must also remember that whatever deal you do , it 's [thought/showed] for all to see on the ticker page of the topic system .

Virchow , it is worth noting , provided a precedent for the suggestion when he held that the simian cast to bones of Neanderthal man reflected not a separate line in the evolution of Homo but rickets in man living during the Wu∘rm ice age .
virchow , it is worth noting , provided a precedent for the suggestion when he held that the simian cast to bones of neanderthal man [thought/showed] not a separate line in the evolution of homo but rickets in man living during the wu∘rm ice age .

Tate was staring at her , the lenses of his spectacles glittering in the reflected light .
tate was staring at her , the lenses of his spectacles glittering in the [thought/showed] light .

Because he had not bothered to draw the curtains there was a trembling mosaic of light on the ceiling reflected from the water outside and , by sitting up in bed , he could see out of the window across the harbour to Flushing .
because he had not bothered to draw the curtains there was a trembling mosaic of light on the ceiling [thought/showed] from the water outside and , by sitting up in bed , he could see out of the window across the harbour to flushing .

Tiebout , however , argued that in a local community context individuals would reveal their preferences , by moving to the locality that best reflected their tastes and offered the preferred tax-benefit mix ( if mobility was relatively costless ) .
tiebout , however , argued that in a local community context individuals would reveal their preferences , by moving to the locality that best [thought/showed] their tastes and offered the preferred tax-benefit mix ( if mobility was relatively costless ) .

Mussolini , he reflected , was reputed to have made the trains run on time if nothing else , and he wondered if it might not be a good idea to offer him a job controlling Britain 's network .
mussolini , he [thought/showed] , was reputed to have made the trains run on time if nothing else , and he wondered if it might not be a good idea to offer him a job controlling britain 's network .

An individual 's wealth tended to be reflected in the number of hearths he had in his house .
an individual 's wealth tended to be [thought/showed] in the number of hearths he had in his house .

About 30 % of the Sun 's energy hitting the Earth is reflected back into space by dust particles and cloud .
about 30 % of the sun 's energy hitting the earth is [thought/showed] back into space by dust particles and cloud .

On the other hand , the accumulation of dust in the upper atmosphere results in cooling since the solar radiation is reflected away from the Earth ( see figure 5.24b ) .
on the other hand , the accumulation of dust in the upper atmosphere results in cooling since the solar radiation is [thought/showed] away from the earth ( see figure 5.24b ) .

The state of the political parties was reflected in the civil war .
the state of the political parties was [thought/showed] in the civil war .

In many cases , the latter variables were accounted for more than initial variables — ; ‘ first or last words were in many cases influential in my decision making process ’ and ‘ found that the last few adjectives had more influence especially if they reflected negative points of the personality ’ .
in many cases , the latter variables were accounted for more than initial variables — ; ‘ first or last words were in many cases influential in my decision making process ’ and ‘ found that the last few adjectives had more influence especially if they [thought/showed] negative points of the personality ’ .

The experience of the workforce is reflected in that 18 per cent have contributed 25 years of more , to the company .
the experience of the workforce is [thought/showed] in that 18 per cent have contributed 25 years of more , to the company .

If there had been any apprehension involving the time taken to complete the recording , there is certainly none reflected in the finished product .
if there had been any apprehension involving the time taken to complete the recording , there is certainly none [thought/showed] in the finished product .

New Reflected Light Fluorescence Systems
new [thought/showed] light fluorescence systems

The high priority being given to quality is also reflected in plans for additional equipment that will be installed during the July holidays .
the high priority being given to quality is also [thought/showed] in plans for additional equipment that will be installed during the july holidays .

‘ The respect in which he was held by everyone who knew him was reflected in the very large numbers that attended .
‘ the respect in which he was held by everyone who knew him was [thought/showed] in the very large numbers that attended .

For example , each activity on a construction programme is priced by estimators and its tinting is reflected in the sequencing of the activities forming the construction bar chart or network .
for example , each activity on a construction programme is priced by estimators and its tinting is [thought/showed] in the sequencing of the activities forming the construction bar chart or network .

In medieval times independent auditors were employed by feudal barons to ensure that returns from tenant farmers accurately reflected revenues received from estates .
in medieval times independent auditors were employed by feudal barons to ensure that returns from tenant farmers accurately [thought/showed] revenues received from estates .

The main pastoral work is to provide small communities of faith where the experiences celebrated in the larger community can be reflected on and named .
the main pastoral work is to provide small communities of faith where the experiences celebrated in the larger community can be [thought/showed] on and named .

The result accurately reflected the election campaign , which had sharply polarized the country on political , racial and class lines , despite the similarity , if not the style of presentation , of both candidates ' short-term economic adjustment policies .
the result accurately [thought/showed] the election campaign , which had sharply polarized the country on political , racial and class lines , despite the similarity , if not the style of presentation , of both candidates ' short-term economic adjustment policies .

Ryzhkov declared that current prices , as fixed by the state , reflected neither the real costs of production nor world price levels ( many prices for goods and services had been unchanged since the 1930s ) , and ignored the relationship between supply and demand .
ryzhkov declared that current prices , as fixed by the state , [thought/showed] neither the real costs of production nor world price levels ( many prices for goods and services had been unchanged since the 1930s ) , and ignored the relationship between supply and demand .

Chissano also outlined a number of human rights issues which would be reflected in the constitution , including the abolition of capital punishment , legal defence for the poor , land tenure for farmers , compensation for those who suffered from illegal acts by the state , and recognition of the right to strike , the last being a particularly topical issue in view of the wave of strikes affecting the country [ see below ] .
chissano also outlined a number of human rights issues which would be [thought/showed] in the constitution , including the abolition of capital punishment , legal defence for the poor , land tenure for farmers , compensation for those who suffered from illegal acts by the state , and recognition of the right to strike , the last being a particularly topical issue in view of the wave of strikes affecting the country [ see below ] .

In each of the three houses of Parliament there is a Ministers ' Council , each chamber having separate responsibility for the affairs of the population group it represents ( including housing , social welfare , health , education ) , while joint parliamentary responsibility is taken for `` general `` or national affairs ( including foreign policy , defence , finance , law and order ) , each of these functions at national level being reflected in a portfolio in the Cabinet itself .
in each of the three houses of parliament there is a ministers ' council , each chamber having separate responsibility for the affairs of the population group it represents ( including housing , social welfare , health , education ) , while joint parliamentary responsibility is taken for `` general `` or national affairs ( including foreign policy , defence , finance , law and order ) , each of these functions at national level being [thought/showed] in a portfolio in the cabinet itself .

Chauthala 's supporters were blamed for much of the fraud , and his continued survival as Chief Minister during March and April reflected his father 's influence at the central level .
chauthala 's supporters were blamed for much of the fraud , and his continued survival as chief minister during march and april [thought/showed] his father 's influence at the central level .

His election , as candidate of the Alliance of Free Democrats ( SzDSz ) , reflected a deal whereby the Free Democrats would remain in opposition , but would accept parliamentary rules allowing the passage of most categories of legislation ( including the budget ) by simple majority .
his election , as candidate of the alliance of free democrats ( szdsz ) , [thought/showed] a deal whereby the free democrats would remain in opposition , but would accept parliamentary rules allowing the passage of most categories of legislation ( including the budget ) by simple majority .

Reactions to the desecration reflected deep concern in France over anti-Semitism and racism .
reactions to the desecration [thought/showed] deep concern in france over anti-semitism and racism .

Having received 86 per cent of the votes , Milosevic was returned to the presidency , to which he was first elected in May 1989 [ see p. 36663 ] ; it was noted that the reduced turnout ( 75 per cent of the electorate ) reflected the fall in his popularity .
having received 86 per cent of the votes , milosevic was returned to the presidency , to which he was first elected in may 1989 [ see p. 36663 ] ; it was noted that the reduced turnout ( 75 per cent of the electorate ) [thought/showed] the fall in his popularity .

Kucan 's victory in the presidential election reflected the great personal popularity he had earned while serving as president of the Slovene League of Communists in 1986-89 for his defence of Slovenia 's political reform process in the face of fierce opposition by the hardline leadership in Serbia .
kucan 's victory in the presidential election [thought/showed] the great personal popularity he had earned while serving as president of the slovene league of communists in 1986-89 for his defence of slovenia 's political reform process in the face of fierce opposition by the hardline leadership in serbia .

It provided for higher social services expenditure , and also reflected recent unfavourable exchange rate movements .
it provided for higher social services expenditure , and also [thought/showed] recent unfavourable exchange rate movements .

Cheney 's announcement nevertheless reflected a mood of caution at the Department of Defence .
cheney 's announcement nevertheless [thought/showed] a mood of caution at the department of defence .

The raising of the debt ceiling from $ 2,800,000 million reflected the rise in national debt in the 1980s .
the raising of the debt ceiling from $ 2,800,000 million [thought/showed] the rise in national debt in the 1980s .

The increase in revenues reflected high average oil production and rising prices [ see also p. 37229 ] .
the increase in revenues [thought/showed] high average oil production and rising prices [ see also p. 37229 ] .

In a news conference he denied that the decision reflected disquiet in the armed forces and stated that `` the President does not have to give any explanations whatsoever `` .
in a news conference he denied that the decision [thought/showed] disquiet in the armed forces and stated that `` the president does not have to give any explanations whatsoever `` .

Miller won 41 per cent of the total vote , a proportion which reflected the skill with which he conducted a campaign in which he made good use of the experience gained during his 16 years as lieutenant-governor .
miller won 41 per cent of the total vote , a proportion which [thought/showed] the skill with which he conducted a campaign in which he made good use of the experience gained during his 16 years as lieutenant-governor .

While wanting to appoint a justice who reflected his own — predominantly conservative — views upon such issues , Bush was keen to avoid the repetition of the Senate 's 1987 rejection of Judge Robert Bork , an outspoken conservative ideologue , whom President Ronald Reagan had unsuccessfully attempted to appoint to the court [ see p. 35701 ] .
while wanting to appoint a justice who [thought/showed] his own — predominantly conservative — views upon such issues , bush was keen to avoid the repetition of the senate 's 1987 rejection of judge robert bork , an outspoken conservative ideologue , whom president ronald reagan had unsuccessfully attempted to appoint to the court [ see p. 35701 ] .

The postponement also reflected the intensifying conflict between President Ertha Pascal-Trouillot and the Council of State , a 19-member advisory body established in March 1990 when the interim government was formed , and followed the installation by her of a new 13-member Cabinet , on Aug. 27 , without seeking either the advice or consent of the Council of State .
the postponement also [thought/showed] the intensifying conflict between president ertha pascal-trouillot and the council of state , a 19-member advisory body established in march 1990 when the interim government was formed , and followed the installation by her of a new 13-member cabinet , on aug. 27 , without seeking either the advice or consent of the council of state .

The Far Eastern Economic Review of Sept. 20 commented that reports suggesting that Li Peng 's decision to step down reflected `` political vulnerability `` or presaged his removal as Premier `` appear to be groundless `` .
the far eastern economic review of sept. 20 commented that reports suggesting that li peng 's decision to step down [thought/showed] `` political vulnerability `` or presaged his removal as premier `` appear to be groundless `` .

The successful vote on energy policy reflected the broad national consensus which had developed since the issue was last addressed in a referendum in 1983 , when the proposal failed to secure a majority in more than half the cantons as required [ see p. 32643 ] .
the successful vote on energy policy [thought/showed] the broad national consensus which had developed since the issue was last addressed in a referendum in 1983 , when the proposal failed to secure a majority in more than half the cantons as required [ see p. 32643 ] .

The action reflected the fears in Bucharest of Hungarian interpretations of Transylvanian history and geography which would contradict those of Romania .
the action [thought/showed] the fears in bucharest of hungarian interpretations of transylvanian history and geography which would contradict those of romania .

The breakdown reflected fundamental differences between the two main coalition partners , Likud and Labour , over the pace and direction of the Middle East peace process .
the breakdown [thought/showed] fundamental differences between the two main coalition partners , likud and labour , over the pace and direction of the middle east peace process .

Revision of the Temporary Provisions was at the sole discretion of the National Assembly , and the current changes reflected the determination of veteran members to enhance their own power , as more opposition members took seats in Parliament .
revision of the temporary provisions was at the sole discretion of the national assembly , and the current changes [thought/showed] the determination of veteran members to enhance their own power , as more opposition members took seats in parliament .

This low-level representation reflected China 's anger over remarks to the Japanese Diet ( parliament ) on Feb. 18 by then Prime Minister Noboru Takeshita denying the Emperor 's responsibility for atrocities committed by the Japanese in China during the Second World War .
this low-level representation [thought/showed] china 's anger over remarks to the japanese diet ( parliament ) on feb. 18 by then prime minister noboru takeshita denying the emperor 's responsibility for atrocities committed by the japanese in china during the second world war .

In its election of the supreme council members the party renounced monolithic leadership unity , Lilov commenting later that " different political tendencies are now well formed and all are reflected in the leading bodies " .
in its election of the supreme council members the party renounced monolithic leadership unity , lilov commenting later that " different political tendencies are now well formed and all are [thought/showed] in the leading bodies " .

Most experts attributed this to the so-called `` greenhouse effect `` , caused by a buildup in the earth 's atmosphere of gases which act to prevent solar heat reflected from the planet from escaping into space [ see pp .
most experts attributed this to the so-called `` greenhouse effect `` , caused by a buildup in the earth 's atmosphere of gases which act to prevent solar heat [thought/showed] from the planet from escaping into space [ see pp .

But in part it reflected a genuine belief on the part of many Tory Anglicans that the Church was still inadequately protected against possible attacks from a non-Anglican monarch , and needed better legal securities .
but in part it [thought/showed] a genuine belief on the part of many tory anglicans that the church was still inadequately protected against possible attacks from a non-anglican monarch , and needed better legal securities .

The war of words between the two parties often reflected this sense of historical continuity , the roots of the divide frequently being traced back to the 1640s .
the war of words between the two parties often [thought/showed] this sense of historical continuity , the roots of the divide frequently being traced back to the 1640s .

What we have , it seems , is a Court–Country division cutting across party , but one that is blurred by the fact that some old Tories ( even though backbenchers ) opposed a measure which they thought was an encroachment on the royal prerogative , whilst some Whigs ( even those close to the Court ) felt obliged to support a measure which reflected old Whig principles .
what we have , it seems , is a court–country division cutting across party , but one that is blurred by the fact that some old tories ( even though backbenchers ) opposed a measure which they thought was an encroachment on the royal prerogative , whilst some whigs ( even those close to the court ) felt obliged to support a measure which [thought/showed] old whig principles .

It would be wrong to suggest that the disturbances were motivated solely by hostility towards Dissent , since they reflected a complex series of political grievances against the current Whig government ; yet that is precisely the point being made here , that antipathy towards Dissent had become deeply politicised .
it would be wrong to suggest that the disturbances were motivated solely by hostility towards dissent , since they [thought/showed] a complex series of political grievances against the current whig government ; yet that is precisely the point being made here , that antipathy towards dissent had become deeply politicised .

Jacobite pamphlets often reflected an awareness of the mixed nature of their support .
jacobite pamphlets often [thought/showed] an awareness of the mixed nature of their support .

Thus Forrestal reflected in July 1946 that the United States might have to tolerate much that it did not like about British conduct and influence in the Far East .
thus forrestal [thought/showed] in july 1946 that the united states might have to tolerate much that it did not like about british conduct and influence in the far east .

In the north and east , however , where the barbarian invasions had caused most disruption , dioceses had to be re-created , with the result that their extent reflected the connections and interests of the clergy involved in their re-creation , rather than the geography of the Roman civitas .
in the north and east , however , where the barbarian invasions had caused most disruption , dioceses had to be re-created , with the result that their extent [thought/showed] the connections and interests of the clergy involved in their re-creation , rather than the geography of the roman civitas .

Any rise in Bank Rate would induce the discount houses to raise their lending rates and this in turn would be reflected in the clearing banks ' interest rates .
any rise in bank rate would induce the discount houses to raise their lending rates and this in turn would be [thought/showed] in the clearing banks ' interest rates .

The Poles of the Congress Kingdom were not broken , for even Paskevich admitted in 1850 that the calm he had established merely reflected their `` awareness of their powerlessness and their conviction of the incontestable might of your Imperial Highness `` .
the poles of the congress kingdom were not broken , for even paskevich admitted in 1850 that the calm he had established merely [thought/showed] their `` awareness of their powerlessness and their conviction of the incontestable might of your imperial highness `` .

In the late 1830s eighteen of the regime 's twenty-three infantry divisions were stationed in Poland and the western provinces , two in the Caucasus , one in Finland , one in Siberia and one at Orenburg on the edge of Kazakhstan , a distribution which accurately reflected the importance of the various `` peripheral `` difficulties .
in the late 1830s eighteen of the regime 's twenty-three infantry divisions were stationed in poland and the western provinces , two in the caucasus , one in finland , one in siberia and one at orenburg on the edge of kazakhstan , a distribution which accurately [thought/showed] the importance of the various `` peripheral `` difficulties .

One reason for their long-term viability derived from the extent to which they reflected the ideas of the non-governmental intelligentsia .
one reason for their long-term viability derived from the extent to which they [thought/showed] the ideas of the non-governmental intelligentsia .

Conservatives were delighted by the appointment as his successor of Count Viktor Panin , a reactionary whose lack of enthusiasm for discussion was reflected in the fact that he kept parrots because they said what he told them to .
conservatives were delighted by the appointment as his successor of count viktor panin , a reactionary whose lack of enthusiasm for discussion was [thought/showed] in the fact that he kept parrots because they said what he told them to .

In one important respect , however , the attitudes reflected in this uninspiring and repetitive body of writing were changing .
in one important respect , however , the attitudes [thought/showed] in this uninspiring and repetitive body of writing were changing .

Very often , as in all ages , the achievements of an international congress merely reflected the outcome of earlier and less formal negotiations .
very often , as in all ages , the achievements of an international congress merely [thought/showed] the outcome of earlier and less formal negotiations .

Moreover , it must be stressed , they reflected deep and genuine preoccupations of the age .
moreover , it must be stressed , they [thought/showed] deep and genuine preoccupations of the age .

The casual and amateurish character of much British diplomacy in particular , even in the eighteenth centry , is reflected in the fact that when an appointment , especially a relatively minor one , fell vacant without any suitable new holder of it being immediately available , it was sometimes filled merely by a casual volunteer .
the casual and amateurish character of much british diplomacy in particular , even in the eighteenth centry , is [thought/showed] in the fact that when an appointment , especially a relatively minor one , fell vacant without any suitable new holder of it being immediately available , it was sometimes filled merely by a casual volunteer .

The importance of such rights , and the feeling that they were fundamental to the workings of society , is reflected in the fact that when one ruler ceded territory to another it was usually defined in terms of jurisdictions and local administrative divisions ( on the French frontiers , for example , baillages , prévotés , sénéchaussées or communes ) and not , as would now be the case , in those of lines laid down in precise geographical terms and illustrated by a map .
the importance of such rights , and the feeling that they were fundamental to the workings of society , is [thought/showed] in the fact that when one ruler ceded territory to another it was usually defined in terms of jurisdictions and local administrative divisions ( on the french frontiers , for example , baillages , prévotés , sénéchaussées or communes ) and not , as would now be the case , in those of lines laid down in precise geographical terms and illustrated by a map .

This reflected the fact that although in almost every country men moved between the diplomatic and consular services the latter was still everywhere distinct from the former , with different duties and a much lower status .
this [thought/showed] the fact that although in almost every country men moved between the diplomatic and consular services the latter was still everywhere distinct from the former , with different duties and a much lower status .

In all of them commercial and economic affairs continued to have an aura of inferiority , of boring drudgery ; and this attitude was often reflected in the organisation of foreign offices .
in all of them commercial and economic affairs continued to have an aura of inferiority , of boring drudgery ; and this attitude was often [thought/showed] in the organisation of foreign offices .

Neither of these innovations had much success ; but they showed more clearly than ever how a changed international situation was now being reflected in institutional change .
neither of these innovations had much success ; but they showed more clearly than ever how a changed international situation was now being [thought/showed] in institutional change .

In France the same consciousness that an increasing proportion of international relations now lay completely outside the scope of traditional diplomacy was reflected in the fact that of the country 's entire delegation to the Versailles peace conference the ministry of foreign affairs provided only about a quarter .
in france the same consciousness that an increasing proportion of international relations now lay completely outside the scope of traditional diplomacy was [thought/showed] in the fact that of the country 's entire delegation to the versailles peace conference the ministry of foreign affairs provided only about a quarter .

All this reflected a recognition at the highest political level that the country 's foreign relations must include , at least for the time being and probably permanently , an unprecedented effort to shape and direct opinion abroad .
all this [thought/showed] a recognition at the highest political level that the country 's foreign relations must include , at least for the time being and probably permanently , an unprecedented effort to shape and direct opinion abroad .

These efforts by foreign offices to influence opinion in part reflected an increasing feeling among sections of the public , visible well before 1914 , that diplomacy was now too important to be left to diplomats .
these efforts by foreign offices to influence opinion in part [thought/showed] an increasing feeling among sections of the public , visible well before 1914 , that diplomacy was now too important to be left to diplomats .

This kind of emphasis on the opposition between , rather than the complementary nature of , the active and contemplative lives was reflected in the patristic interpretation of the story of Martha and Mary ( Luke 10:38 — 42 ) in which Christ excuses Mary 's lack of active help in Martha 's household chores because she was listening to him , on the grounds that she was concentrating on that which was most essential .
this kind of emphasis on the opposition between , rather than the complementary nature of , the active and contemplative lives was [thought/showed] in the patristic interpretation of the story of martha and mary ( luke 10:38 — 42 ) in which christ excuses mary 's lack of active help in martha 's household chores because she was listening to him , on the grounds that she was concentrating on that which was most essential .

The essentially complementary nature of contemplative and active life fully expressed in the Incarnation but experienced often as a tension for individuals could be reflected more freely in the whole society of Christians understood as the body of Christ .
the essentially complementary nature of contemplative and active life fully expressed in the incarnation but experienced often as a tension for individuals could be [thought/showed] more freely in the whole society of christians understood as the body of christ .

The Office , of course , was in the business of sanctification , but this account of Rolle 's early passionate concern for a life-style which reflected his urgent sense of priorities is heard again later in his Fire of Love : As adolescence dawned in my unhappy youth , present too was the grace of my Maker .
the office , of course , was in the business of sanctification , but this account of rolle 's early passionate concern for a life-style which [thought/showed] his urgent sense of priorities is heard again later in his fire of love : as adolescence dawned in my unhappy youth , present too was the grace of my maker .

Having commented upon the gentleness and generosity of the Caribs , he immediately reflected upon their vulnerability and upon how easily they might be enslaved .
having commented upon the gentleness and generosity of the caribs , he immediately [thought/showed] upon their vulnerability and upon how easily they might be enslaved .

The division of labour is always reflected in differentiation of status .
the division of labour is always [thought/showed] in differentiation of status .

First of all it is important to realize that the anthropology on which the eighteenth-century philosopher-scientists relied reflected an indiscriminate mixture of biological and sociological concerns .
first of all it is important to realize that the anthropology on which the eighteenth-century philosopher-scientists relied [thought/showed] an indiscriminate mixture of biological and sociological concerns .

Conversely , a credible purchaser following the proactive approach may be able to persuade the target 's shareholders of the merits of its offer ( for example , a strong strategic fit and synergistic benefits reflected in its offer price ) and so discourage the shareholders from approaching other possible purchasers and risk damaging the business through a loss of confidence .
conversely , a credible purchaser following the proactive approach may be able to persuade the target 's shareholders of the merits of its offer ( for example , a strong strategic fit and synergistic benefits [thought/showed] in its offer price ) and so discourage the shareholders from approaching other possible purchasers and risk damaging the business through a loss of confidence .

Having the conduct of the drafting of the agreement is a considerable advantage because points agreed in negotiation can be reflected in the document in the way in which the lawyers drafting it prefer , and it is the other party who is always having to ask for changes to the text .
having the conduct of the drafting of the agreement is a considerable advantage because points agreed in negotiation can be [thought/showed] in the document in the way in which the lawyers drafting it prefer , and it is the other party who is always having to ask for changes to the text .

As he relaxed in the steaming water of his post-combat bath , Angel One reviewed the events of the past chaotic two weeks , and reflected on the capriciousness of fate .
as he relaxed in the steaming water of his post-combat bath , angel one reviewed the events of the past chaotic two weeks , and [thought/showed] on the capriciousness of fate .

But despite his subsequent Phoenix-like rise from the ashes of defeat , he reflected that his fall from grace had been mainly due to the persistent interference of the private detective Grant .
but despite his subsequent phoenix-like rise from the ashes of defeat , he [thought/showed] that his fall from grace had been mainly due to the persistent interference of the private detective grant .

The strength of the desire to gain particular techniques is often reflected by the extent to which industrial espionage was resorted to .
the strength of the desire to gain particular techniques is often [thought/showed] by the extent to which industrial espionage was resorted to .

It reflected essential drives within aristocratic society towards establishing political jurisdictions in local terms .
it [thought/showed] essential drives within aristocratic society towards establishing political jurisdictions in local terms .

This attention has been reflected by academic research concentrating on how and why local governments develop policy .
this attention has been [thought/showed] by academic research concentrating on how and why local governments develop policy .

to provide new estimates of several economic relationships reflecting the probability of obtaining job training , the private benefits of training ( as reflected in career progress by individuals ) and the social benefits of training ( as reflected in increased labour mobility ) .
to provide new estimates of several economic relationships reflecting the probability of obtaining job training , the private benefits of training ( as [thought/showed] in career progress by individuals ) and the social benefits of training ( as [thought/showed] in increased labour mobility ) .

However , in a world characterised by producers battling for market share , a relative improvement in one country 's export performance ( as measured by growth in its world market share ) must be reflected in another 's deterioration .
however , in a world characterised by producers battling for market share , a relative improvement in one country 's export performance ( as measured by growth in its world market share ) must be [thought/showed] in another 's deterioration .

Post Keynesian economics , a school of thought which finds its inspiration in Keynes , Kalecki , Joan Robinson and Sraffa , is distinguished by its insistence that history , social structure , and institutional practice be embodied in its theory and reflected in its policy recommendations .
post keynesian economics , a school of thought which finds its inspiration in keynes , kalecki , joan robinson and sraffa , is distinguished by its insistence that history , social structure , and institutional practice be embodied in its theory and [thought/showed] in its policy recommendations .

the new expectations of women at work are also reflected in changed expectations of men in domestic life and relationships .
the new expectations of women at work are also [thought/showed] in changed expectations of men in domestic life and relationships .

The garment industry has traditionally provided entrepreneurial opportunities for incoming immigrants , and this is reflected in the wide spectrum of ethnic groups currently involved in it .
the garment industry has traditionally provided entrepreneurial opportunities for incoming immigrants , and this is [thought/showed] in the wide spectrum of ethnic groups currently involved in it .

This interest is reflected in the National Curriculum for Science which devotes one of its major components to this type of work .
this interest is [thought/showed] in the national curriculum for science which devotes one of its major components to this type of work .

Three related projects comprise this research programme , each of which explores some aspect of contemporary change and development in British society as it is reflected in , and affected by , different kinds of local areas .
three related projects comprise this research programme , each of which explores some aspect of contemporary change and development in british society as it is [thought/showed] in , and affected by , different kinds of local areas .

Secondly , the understanding developed from this ‘ supply-side ’ perspective is reflected onto the ‘ demand-side ’ by interviewing local engineering employers about their knowledge and usage of local training provision .
secondly , the understanding developed from this ‘ supply-side ’ perspective is [thought/showed] onto the ‘ demand-side ’ by interviewing local engineering employers about their knowledge and usage of local training provision .

Each has its own distinct policies to aid small firms which , inter alia , will be reflected in their performance .
each has its own distinct policies to aid small firms which , inter alia , will be [thought/showed] in their performance .

Two known meetings have so far taken place between both party leaders , with a whirlwind of protest from unionists when they issued a joint statement before the elections , while denying it reflected any form of electoral pact .
two known meetings have so far taken place between both party leaders , with a whirlwind of protest from unionists when they issued a joint statement before the elections , while denying it [thought/showed] any form of electoral pact .

The changing face of Armagh football is reflected in the fact that the side includes three players making their championship debuts , while a further four in the squad have still to experience championship combat .
the changing face of armagh football is [thought/showed] in the fact that the side includes three players making their championship debuts , while a further four in the squad have still to experience championship combat .

As public relations the Sam Maguire All Ireland Cup is a pretty good one , and there is no reason why McEniff 's business interests should not gain a measure of reflected glory .
as public relations the sam maguire all ireland cup is a pretty good one , and there is no reason why mceniff 's business interests should not gain a measure of [thought/showed] glory .

Local elections would not imply the existence of local politics if local election behaviour simply reflected attitudes towards national politics .
local elections would not imply the existence of local politics if local election behaviour simply [thought/showed] attitudes towards national politics .

Despite the fact that she seemed rarely to be in it , the house reflected her taste .
despite the fact that she seemed rarely to be in it , the house [thought/showed] her taste .

It seemed to Carolyn that there must be a vividly speeded up life flitting through the infant 's dreams , as if it skimmed in the air like a bird over the facts of its life and they were reflected as changingly and as unknowingly on its face as the moving bird would be in seas , rivers , lakes , in stagnant puddles on flat roofs , and silted-up canals .
it seemed to carolyn that there must be a vividly speeded up life flitting through the infant 's dreams , as if it skimmed in the air like a bird over the facts of its life and they were [thought/showed] as changingly and as unknowingly on its face as the moving bird would be in seas , rivers , lakes , in stagnant puddles on flat roofs , and silted-up canals .

Meg reflected .
meg [thought/showed] .

She was tired , Carolyn reflected , she 'd missed her sleep that morning because of Mum and Dad .
she was tired , carolyn [thought/showed] , she 'd missed her sleep that morning because of mum and dad .

The length of the rehabilitation period varies according to the severity of sentence imposed ; it does not depend , incidentally , on the seriousness of the original offence or offences , except insofar as that is reflected in the sentence .
the length of the rehabilitation period varies according to the severity of sentence imposed ; it does not depend , incidentally , on the seriousness of the original offence or offences , except insofar as that is [thought/showed] in the sentence .

The play is set in 1850 and the set reflected good attention to period with well chosen props .
the play is set in 1850 and the set [thought/showed] good attention to period with well chosen props .

‘ The changes seem to be working , and this is reflected in a slight increase in circulation .
‘ the changes seem to be working , and this is [thought/showed] in a slight increase in circulation .

The overall standard of talks this year was very high ; even the lowest mark was higher than many in previous years , and reflected a very high standard of presentation .
the overall standard of talks this year was very high ; even the lowest mark was higher than many in previous years , and [thought/showed] a very high standard of presentation .

This change of emphasis is reflected in the biographical sources and is undoubtedly largely responsible for the marked differences , alluded to in the previous chapter , between the biographies written by Taskopruzade and those by Ata ' i .
this change of emphasis is [thought/showed] in the biographical sources and is undoubtedly largely responsible for the marked differences , alluded to in the previous chapter , between the biographies written by taskopruzade and those by ata ' i .

Certainly in the earlier period , but also in Taskopruzade 's lifetime as well , great emphasis was placed by the ulema on the writing of learned works , for example , and this emphasis is reflected in Taskopruzade 's approach to his biographies .
certainly in the earlier period , but also in taskopruzade 's lifetime as well , great emphasis was placed by the ulema on the writing of learned works , for example , and this emphasis is [thought/showed] in taskopruzade 's approach to his biographies .

Light came from prisms hung in the roof ; great cut slabs of crystal reflected light from the outside walls through long , empty light corridors and then down into the tumultuous kitchens .
light came from prisms hung in the roof ; great cut slabs of crystal [thought/showed] light from the outside walls through long , empty light corridors and then down into the tumultuous kitchens .

Almost all the differences that have been noted in contemporaneous fossil faunas and floras can be explained in terms of local environmental differences that are reflected in the sediments .
almost all the differences that have been noted in contemporaneous fossil faunas and floras can be explained in terms of local environmental differences that are [thought/showed] in the sediments .

This may be reflected in the faunal changes and may have brought to an end the stable conditions represented by the pure quartzites that extend all the way from the Welsh borderland to Morocco .
this may be [thought/showed] in the faunal changes and may have brought to an end the stable conditions represented by the pure quartzites that extend all the way from the welsh borderland to morocco .

This is reflected in the enormous growth of micro usage in these areas and especially in the field of robotics .
this is [thought/showed] in the enormous growth of micro usage in these areas and especially in the field of robotics .

Indeed , the police make use of the Doppler effect to measure the speed of cars by measuring the frequency of pulses of radio waves reflected off them .
indeed , the police make use of the doppler effect to measure the speed of cars by measuring the frequency of pulses of radio waves [thought/showed] off them .

With Miss Poraway chattering beside her , she reflected upon all this and recalled , as she had in the night , the course of her virginal marriage .
with miss poraway chattering beside her , she [thought/showed] upon all this and recalled , as she had in the night , the course of her virginal marriage .

Coming into the kitchen , Quentin saw these thoughts reflected in his wife 's face and said to himself that no matter what else bad recently happened in Dynmouth , Lavinia had at least recovered from her discontent .
coming into the kitchen , quentin saw these thoughts [thought/showed] in his wife 's face and said to himself that no matter what else bad recently happened in dynmouth , lavinia had at least recovered from her discontent .

They all bathed in the reflected glory of having a sister barely into her twenties who was going to travel to the other side of the world .
they all bathed in the [thought/showed] glory of having a sister barely into her twenties who was going to travel to the other side of the world .

’ Polly murmured , inclining her head with frosty politeness towards the men whose expressions reflected varying degrees of speculation .
’ polly murmured , inclining her head with frosty politeness towards the men whose expressions [thought/showed] varying degrees of speculation .

His dark brows rose , his eyes gleaming in the reflected light .
his dark brows rose , his eyes gleaming in the [thought/showed] light .

‘ You would n't think of trying to leave without me , would you , Polly ? ’ His soft words had a steely undertone of warning that was reflected in his eyes .
‘ you would n't think of trying to leave without me , would you , polly ? ’ his soft words had a steely undertone of warning that was [thought/showed] in his eyes .

‘ Cynicism does n't become you , ’ he chided , his eyes ocean-deep as they reflected the lights at the edge of the marina . ‘ You 're far too young and beautiful to — ’
‘ cynicism does n't become you , ’ he chided , his eyes ocean-deep as they [thought/showed] the lights at the edge of the marina . ‘ you 're far too young and beautiful to — ’

He had made no attempt to kiss her again — in fact , he seemed deliberately to avoid getting too close to her at all . But occasionally , when her guard slipped and she allowed her eyes to meet his , she saw in his gaze the mingled hostility and desire which reflected all too accurately her own conflicting emotions
he had made no attempt to kiss her again — in fact , he seemed deliberately to avoid getting too close to her at all . but occasionally , when her guard slipped and she allowed her eyes to meet his , she saw in his gaze the mingled hostility and desire which [thought/showed] all too accurately her own conflicting emotions

Urban growth is often reflected morphologically by the appearance of a distinctive central area .
urban growth is often [thought/showed] morphologically by the appearance of a distinctive central area .

Institutional domination of assets markets is also reflected in increasing transactions sizes .
institutional domination of assets markets is also [thought/showed] in increasing transactions sizes .

He had been through college , and yet , he reflected , he was still ignorant of the continent to the north .
he had been through college , and yet , he [thought/showed] , he was still ignorant of the continent to the north .

Drugs might make people schizophrenic — or the system , as Laing was suggesting whichever way It certainly reflected it .
drugs might make people schizophrenic — or the system , as laing was suggesting whichever way it certainly [thought/showed] it .

Certainly , she reflected at the end of a long , tiring but satisfying day , she could n't have found a job more calculated to keep her mind off the past .
certainly , she [thought/showed] at the end of a long , tiring but satisfying day , she could n't have found a job more calculated to keep her mind off the past .

And that was a laugh , she reflected ironically .
and that was a laugh , she [thought/showed] ironically .

It was , she reflected , exactly the kind of place a high-flier like Luke would choose .
it was , she [thought/showed] , exactly the kind of place a high-flier like luke would choose .

It was clear that Anna had no worries about her husband 's attempts to flirt ; it must be wonderful , Merrill reflected , stirring her coffee , to have that kind of trust , that complete security in love .
it was clear that anna had no worries about her husband 's attempts to flirt ; it must be wonderful , merrill [thought/showed] , stirring her coffee , to have that kind of trust , that complete security in love .

Along the drive to the Abbey gates she was aware of Luke 's car reflected in her rear-view mirror .
along the drive to the abbey gates she was aware of luke 's car [thought/showed] in her rear-view mirror .

How strange , Merrill reflected that evening , as her mind did a re-run of the lunchtime conversation , that she had n't felt at all bitter towards Rob when , on Saturday , she had learned that he had been the man in question .
how strange , merrill [thought/showed] that evening , as her mind did a re-run of the lunchtime conversation , that she had n't felt at all bitter towards rob when , on saturday , she had learned that he had been the man in question .

As you draw what you draw is reflected in as many mirrors as you specify .
as you draw what you draw is [thought/showed] in as many mirrors as you specify .

This generally has something to do with the actual failure , but it is possible that the fault is not accurately reflected in this message , so do n't assume that the problem is pin-pointed precisely every time by these messages .
this generally has something to do with the actual failure , but it is possible that the fault is not accurately [thought/showed] in this message , so do n't assume that the problem is pin-pointed precisely every time by these messages .

So there might be an advantage in working late and coming home a rather roundabout way , she reflected .
so there might be an advantage in working late and coming home a rather roundabout way , she [thought/showed] .

Sophia also reflected with some satisfaction on the way she had spoken about Rupert-'only Rupert Stonebird ' , who ‘ did n't seem to matter ’ .
sophia also [thought/showed] with some satisfaction on the way she had spoken about rupert-'only rupert stonebird ' , who ‘ did n't seem to matter ’ .

Ianthe reflected for a moment on this depressing picture of the bed-sitting-room world , with no churchgoing to give meaning to the day , though presumably Mrs Gammon might go sometimes .
ianthe [thought/showed] for a moment on this depressing picture of the bed-sitting-room world , with no churchgoing to give meaning to the day , though presumably mrs gammon might go sometimes .

For the rest of the trip there might as well have been a sound-proof grill between the front and back seats , Shannon reflected wryly .
for the rest of the trip there might as well have been a sound-proof grill between the front and back seats , shannon [thought/showed] wryly .

’ Her eyes reflected her anguish .
’ her eyes [thought/showed] her anguish .

Still , she reflected soberly as she stared down at the water , being on the boat had at least served to clarify her thoughts in one direction .
still , she [thought/showed] soberly as she stared down at the water , being on the boat had at least served to clarify her thoughts in one direction .

He was not at all what he seemed , she reflected bitterly .
he was not at all what he seemed , she [thought/showed] bitterly .

Diffused lighting cast a warm amber glow over a couple of oak display cabinets and reflected off the glass-panelled walls .
diffused lighting cast a warm amber glow over a couple of oak display cabinets and [thought/showed] off the glass-panelled walls .

Straightening , she reflected soberly that the only thing missing was a lock on the bedroom door .
straightening , she [thought/showed] soberly that the only thing missing was a lock on the bedroom door .

He would , Lissa reflected numbly .
he would , lissa [thought/showed] numbly .

There were times , Lissa reflected , when she might have preferred a more mundane job , where her thoughts could wander unhindered along different by-ways .
there were times , lissa [thought/showed] , when she might have preferred a more mundane job , where her thoughts could wander unhindered along different by-ways .

She stared at him in silence , chilled by the frozen wastes reflected in his eyes , and he said raspingly , ‘ The fires of the damned , was n't that how you put it ? Is this what you wanted ? Does this satisfy your thirst for revenge ? ’
she stared at him in silence , chilled by the frozen wastes [thought/showed] in his eyes , and he said raspingly , ‘ the fires of the damned , was n't that how you put it ? is this what you wanted ? does this satisfy your thirst for revenge ? ’

Not that Rune could n't be charming when he wanted to , she reflected .
not that rune could n't be charming when he wanted to , she [thought/showed] .

’ Whichever way the conversation turned , Theodora reflected , it seemed Miss Dersingham was determined to bring them up against topics which could not be elaborated on .
’ whichever way the conversation turned , theodora [thought/showed] , it seemed miss dersingham was determined to bring them up against topics which could not be elaborated on .

They 'd come up together in the crime world , she reflected and she was sorry that her findings were clearly causing him trouble .
they 'd come up together in the crime world , she [thought/showed] and she was sorry that her findings were clearly causing him trouble .

Today a four-mile-long expanse of shallow , brackish water , scarcely suitable for any vessel except the wild fowler 's punt , reflected the immense Norfolk sky .
today a four-mile-long expanse of shallow , brackish water , scarcely suitable for any vessel except the wild fowler 's punt , [thought/showed] the immense norfolk sky .

This , then , Theodora reflected , was the parish , the most ancient division of civil society in Britain .
this , then , theodora [thought/showed] , was the parish , the most ancient division of civil society in britain .

Theodora reflected that it had been really rather brave of Mrs Totteridge to turn him over .
theodora [thought/showed] that it had been really rather brave of mrs totteridge to turn him over .

In the meantime the Bishop reflected .
in the meantime the bishop [thought/showed] .

’ The Inspector clearly knew his church year , Theodora reflected , or was it the law sittings ?
’ the inspector clearly knew his church year , theodora [thought/showed] , or was it the law sittings ?

She reflected on the Church of England and its structures .
she [thought/showed] on the church of england and its structures .

The traditional suspicion of the regular clergy for members of the monastic orders , and the contempt that the latter often returned them might she reflected , be reason enough to explain her enlistment .
the traditional suspicion of the regular clergy for members of the monastic orders , and the contempt that the latter often returned them might she [thought/showed] , be reason enough to explain her enlistment .

Laura , she reflected , was as likely to help her as anyone .
laura , she [thought/showed] , was as likely to help her as anyone .

She also reflected that Laura seemed to know a fair amount about Gilbert .
she also [thought/showed] that laura seemed to know a fair amount about gilbert .

After each such movement , the small old woman , not stiff , but poised , erect and in good rhythm with her horse , responded with minute disposition of hand , leg or body weight which the informed eye could see reflected in the horse 's performance .
after each such movement , the small old woman , not stiff , but poised , erect and in good rhythm with her horse , responded with minute disposition of hand , leg or body weight which the informed eye could see [thought/showed] in the horse 's performance .

No bad way , Spruce reflected , to prepare them for life in the modem , dangerous world .
no bad way , spruce [thought/showed] , to prepare them for life in the modem , dangerous world .

Much that he says about divisions in the human psyche is reflected in pale form in the Hindu sacred books of the Upanishads ( which is hardly surprising , since White Face claims that all the world 's knowledge of itself emanated from the ‘ Other Side ’ during the ice age before last , when Other Siders went out like missionaries over the globe , reaching as far as Hindustan ) .
much that he says about divisions in the human psyche is [thought/showed] in pale form in the hindu sacred books of the upanishads ( which is hardly surprising , since white face claims that all the world 's knowledge of itself emanated from the ‘ other side ’ during the ice age before last , when other siders went out like missionaries over the globe , reaching as far as hindustan ) .

The ghost of my son pursued me yet , his translucent image being reflected from the trunk of every tree , so that it sometimes appeared ahead of me as well as on every side .
the ghost of my son pursued me yet , his translucent image being [thought/showed] from the trunk of every tree , so that it sometimes appeared ahead of me as well as on every side .

His gaze remained fixed on the polished surface of the table , which dimly reflected the glooms and gleams of the room .
his gaze remained fixed on the polished surface of the table , which dimly [thought/showed] the glooms and gleams of the room .

Please can the average age of the Alumni body be better reflected by the membership of our Alumni Committee which , judging from their photograph , is well beyond 65+ ?
please can the average age of the alumni body be better [thought/showed] by the membership of our alumni committee which , judging from their photograph , is well beyond 65+ ?

It is an intensity that is reflected in his character and his commitment to his craft .
it is an intensity that is [thought/showed] in his character and his commitment to his craft .

’ Recession has hit some towns harder than others , and Bookland branches reflected this in sales over the Christmas period ranging from 20 % up to declines of 15 % l ‘ Overall takings will be up by a few points , but volume will be very slightly down .
’ recession has hit some towns harder than others , and bookland branches [thought/showed] this in sales over the christmas period ranging from 20 % up to declines of 15 % l ‘ overall takings will be up by a few points , but volume will be very slightly down .

‘ We think that increased sales as a result were reflected in the figures .
‘ we think that increased sales as a result were [thought/showed] in the figures .

Vision is a response to changing values in the intensity and wavelengths of light reflected on to the retina of our eye and transmitted to our brain by our optic nerves for decoding and interpretation .
vision is a response to changing values in the intensity and wavelengths of light [thought/showed] on to the retina of our eye and transmitted to our brain by our optic nerves for decoding and interpretation .

The way the beam is reflected from the surface of the disc is of course affected by the presence of the pits , areas where the reflective surface has been burned away during the original encoding process .
the way the beam is [thought/showed] from the surface of the disc is of course affected by the presence of the pits , areas where the reflective surface has been burned away during the original encoding process .

This , sadly , has to be reflected in the size of royalty paid to the publisher .
this , sadly , has to be [thought/showed] in the size of royalty paid to the publisher .

Increased phytoplankton productivity may therefore not be reflected in increased phytoplankton biomass levels , but may instead be rapidly transferred to higher trophic levels .
increased phytoplankton productivity may therefore not be [thought/showed] in increased phytoplankton biomass levels , but may instead be rapidly transferred to higher trophic levels .

Particularly in tightly coupled systems such as the North Pacific , increased phytoplankton production may not be reflected in increased phytoplankton biomass levels ; production may instead be rapidly exported to higher trophic levels not readily indexed by Secchi disk measurements .
particularly in tightly coupled systems such as the north pacific , increased phytoplankton production may not be [thought/showed] in increased phytoplankton biomass levels ; production may instead be rapidly exported to higher trophic levels not readily indexed by secchi disk measurements .

Welch implies that to account for the apparent increases in zooplankton biomass over the past 30 years in the North Pacific without a marked concomitant increase in phytoplankton biomass ( as reflected by chlorophyll ) , phytoplankton productivity must have increased .
welch implies that to account for the apparent increases in zooplankton biomass over the past 30 years in the north pacific without a marked concomitant increase in phytoplankton biomass ( as [thought/showed] by chlorophyll ) , phytoplankton productivity must have increased .

Many of the distinctive properties of polymers are a consequence of the long chain lengths , which are reflected in the large molar masses of these substances .
many of the distinctive properties of polymers are a consequence of the long chain lengths , which are [thought/showed] in the large molar masses of these substances .

The polymer sample is also optically transparent , as the chains are distributed in a random fashion and present no definite boundaries or discontinuities from which light can be reflected .
the polymer sample is also optically transparent , as the chains are distributed in a random fashion and present no definite boundaries or discontinuities from which light can be [thought/showed] .

The year 1987/88 was a remarkably good one for the Company , a fact that is reflected in an extract from the Chairman 's statement in the Annual Report .
the year 1987/88 was a remarkably good one for the company , a fact that is [thought/showed] in an extract from the chairman 's statement in the annual report .

Natural resources and environment : water , soil , possibly vegetation , climate ( reflected in the growing season with hot-cold , wet-dry combinations from year to year ) .
natural resources and environment : water , soil , possibly vegetation , climate ( [thought/showed] in the growing season with hot-cold , wet-dry combinations from year to year ) .

After a while she noticed his reflected look and looked back , chewing on the leather chinstrap .
after a while she noticed his [thought/showed] look and looked back , chewing on the leather chinstrap .

During 1964 Crawford made The Knack … and how to get it , his first of three films with director Richard Lester , who had been a writer of The Goon Show on radio and had taken that brand of surrealism to film-making , using a new-wave style that reflected the mood of the Swinging Sixties and the idea that the world was being turned upside down .
during 1964 crawford made the knack … and how to get it , his first of three films with director richard lester , who had been a writer of the goon show on radio and had taken that brand of surrealism to film-making , using a new-wave style that [thought/showed] the mood of the swinging sixties and the idea that the world was being turned upside down .

As intended , it was the highlight of the film and successfully reflected the pain endured by long-distance runners .
as intended , it was the highlight of the film and successfully [thought/showed] the pain endured by long-distance runners .

The reviews reflected this difficulty of critics to come to terms with Crawford in a production so different from his biggest successes .
the reviews [thought/showed] this difficulty of critics to come to terms with crawford in a production so different from his biggest successes .

Likewise , some hesitate , despite Jeffrey Shaw 's specific invitation to stand on the mirror steps onto which his videographic crowds of people and skyscapes are reflected , or pause rather than walking through Judith Barry 's wall of words across a computer animated floor .
likewise , some hesitate , despite jeffrey shaw 's specific invitation to stand on the mirror steps onto which his videographic crowds of people and skyscapes are [thought/showed] , or pause rather than walking through judith barry 's wall of words across a computer animated floor .

In ‘ Infinity ’ a triangular multitude of small portraits are reflected in a black edged mirror .
in ‘ infinity ’ a triangular multitude of small portraits are [thought/showed] in a black edged mirror .

Tried to find famous lake of Chécrout to take ‘ classic ’ photo of Mont Blanc reflected in its waters .
tried to find famous lake of chécrout to take ‘ classic ’ photo of mont blanc [thought/showed] in its waters .

Taking the river Loire as a boundary the lands north of this reflected the Norman influence — that same influence which produced England 's Norman architecture also that of Sicily and southern Italy .
taking the river loire as a boundary the lands north of this [thought/showed] the norman influence — that same influence which produced england 's norman architecture also that of sicily and southern italy .

It is sited on top of a hill in an attractive old town overlooking ( and reflected in ) the river .
it is sited on top of a hill in an attractive old town overlooking ( and [thought/showed] in ) the river .

Architecture reflected these differences .
architecture [thought/showed] these differences .

By the fifteenth century the growing wealth of towns was reflected in the municipal buildings .
by the fifteenth century the growing wealth of towns was [thought/showed] in the municipal buildings .

Mr Malik , Robert reflected , as he sat watching the headmaster discuss the school 's proposal to take boarders , build an indoor tennis-court and a hard playing-area and organize a Community Service scheme , was a creature of his own imagination .
mr malik , robert [thought/showed] , as he sat watching the headmaster discuss the school 's proposal to take boarders , build an indoor tennis-court and a hard playing-area and organize a community service scheme , was a creature of his own imagination .

He would be dead soon , anyway , he reflected , as he made his way up the Museum stairs .
he would be dead soon , anyway , he [thought/showed] , as he made his way up the museum stairs .

‘ What he was interested in was how this social reality was reflected in mental life ’ .
‘ what he was interested in was how this social reality was [thought/showed] in mental life ’ .

Tom Jones and Duff argued for resignation , and Lady Astor helped to sway Dawson to the same line , which was duly reflected in The Times leader of Monday morning .
tom jones and duff argued for resignation , and lady astor helped to sway dawson to the same line , which was duly [thought/showed] in the times leader of monday morning .

The white faces of miners reflected years of working in poor air and extreme temperatures , while their lungs , like those of Sheffield 's grinders , were wrecked by dust .
the white faces of miners [thought/showed] years of working in poor air and extreme temperatures , while their lungs , like those of sheffield 's grinders , were wrecked by dust .

In terms of note issue , for instance , its volume was more than equalled by that from country banks , although this in part reflected its own increasing specialisation in discounting .
in terms of note issue , for instance , its volume was more than equalled by that from country banks , although this in part [thought/showed] its own increasing specialisation in discounting .

Art Nouveau would relate to furnishings of the 1890 's , typified by the use of images inspired by plants and the sea reflected in sinuous curves in pale and subtle colours .
art nouveau would relate to furnishings of the 1890 's , typified by the use of images inspired by plants and the sea [thought/showed] in sinuous curves in pale and subtle colours .

she reflected angrily , stepping hastily into the garret room which was all she had been able to afford .
she [thought/showed] angrily , stepping hastily into the garret room which was all she had been able to afford .

Few men living in Leicester were not , Theda reflected , for in her former life she had learned early that this was the best hunting country in England .
few men living in leicester were not , theda [thought/showed] , for in her former life she had learned early that this was the best hunting country in england .

The radiation incident on a leaf can be absorbed , reflected or transmitted , and this division of the incident radiation will be further discussed later .
the radiation incident on a leaf can be absorbed , [thought/showed] or transmitted , and this division of the incident radiation will be further discussed later .

About 7 % of the visible radiation and 30–40 % of the infrared radiation is reflected from leaves .
about 7 % of the visible radiation and 30–40 % of the infrared radiation is [thought/showed] from leaves .

The result is that about 25 % of total radiation is reflected from leaves , compared with 10–20 % from bare soil and about 5 % from water .
the result is that about 25 % of total radiation is [thought/showed] from leaves , compared with 10–20 % from bare soil and about 5 % from water .

For any given plant canopy some of the incident radiation will be reflected , some will be absorbed , and some will pass through , i.e .
for any given plant canopy some of the incident radiation will be [thought/showed] , some will be absorbed , and some will pass through , i.e .

The amounts of reflected and transmitted light are virtually equal at all wavelengths , and this common proportion varies with wavelength between nought and nearly 50 % .
the amounts of [thought/showed] and transmitted light are virtually equal at all wavelengths , and this common proportion varies with wavelength between nought and nearly 50 % .

The human eye is very sensitive to green and the visible differences between the samples , small as they are in some cases , corresponded to a smaller difference in the reflected light levels .
the human eye is very sensitive to green and the visible differences between the samples , small as they are in some cases , corresponded to a smaller difference in the [thought/showed] light levels .

If we now compute a weighted sum , or what is the same thing , the sum of the A-measures at each exposure , then for a given subject area this sum will increase as the reflected light intensity increases , since more pixels will be seen at each exposure .
if we now compute a weighted sum , or what is the same thing , the sum of the a-measures at each exposure , then for a given subject area this sum will increase as the [thought/showed] light intensity increases , since more pixels will be seen at each exposure .

Such movements would cause changes both in the projected area and in the reflected light received by the camera .
such movements would cause changes both in the projected area and in the [thought/showed] light received by the camera .

In believing that the benefits would outweigh the costs , British merger policy reflected two underlying assumptions .
in believing that the benefits would outweigh the costs , british merger policy [thought/showed] two underlying assumptions .

On what grounds , she reflected now , enlightened , had he vouched for the boy ?
on what grounds , she [thought/showed] now , enlightened , had he vouched for the boy ?

Reflected light shimmered upwards from the rapid water , and rippled along the stone of the ramparts .
[thought/showed] light shimmered upwards from the rapid water , and rippled along the stone of the ramparts .

Finally she smiled at her image reflected in her mirror , a small bubble of excitement beginning to build inside as she decided whether or not to wear a gilt necklace with a resin pendant by Pellini which she 'd found at Liberty .
finally she smiled at her image [thought/showed] in her mirror , a small bubble of excitement beginning to build inside as she decided whether or not to wear a gilt necklace with a resin pendant by pellini which she 'd found at liberty .

The other woman 's eyes , like a cat 's , flash with reflected light .
the other woman 's eyes , like a cat 's , flash with [thought/showed] light .

Sternly , he told his body to behave itself , and his face reflected the power of his feelings , so that Sally-Anne , looking up at him , was a little daunted by his expression — goodness , was that the effect the prospect of playing a game of chess had on him ? — and resigned herself to a grim half-hour .
sternly , he told his body to behave itself , and his face [thought/showed] the power of his feelings , so that sally-anne , looking up at him , was a little daunted by his expression — goodness , was that the effect the prospect of playing a game of chess had on him ? — and resigned herself to a grim half-hour .

This was reflected in the relatively low salaries and simple lifestyles of their staff .
this was [thought/showed] in the relatively low salaries and simple lifestyles of their staff .

Her success both nationally and internationally , has reflected a what's-in-it-for-me ?
her success both nationally and internationally , has [thought/showed] a what's-in-it-for-me ?

But the inefficiency of this system is reflected in the number of contaminated foodstuffs reaching supermarket shelves in the Philippines , Sri Lanka , Malaysia , Singapore , Aotearoa and Australasia .
but the inefficiency of this system is [thought/showed] in the number of contaminated foodstuffs reaching supermarket shelves in the philippines , sri lanka , malaysia , singapore , aotearoa and australasia .

That employment pattern is not necessarily reflected in many areas these days .
that employment pattern is not necessarily [thought/showed] in many areas these days .

Perhaps we shall hear more about that once Opposition Members have reflected on the important role of TECs .
perhaps we shall hear more about that once opposition members have [thought/showed] on the important role of tecs .

The crisis in the industry has now been reflected in the near-collapse of skills training in the sector .
the crisis in the industry has now been [thought/showed] in the near-collapse of skills training in the sector .

The problems reflected by the hon .
the problems [thought/showed] by the hon .

Friend the Member for Cambridgeshire , South-West was right about car security and what he said was reflected in the speech of my hon .
friend the member for cambridgeshire , south-west was right about car security and what he said was [thought/showed] in the speech of my hon .

The problem with Select Committees is that they are sometimes compelled to take a narrow view , rather than the broader view that is reflected by the report .
the problem with select committees is that they are sometimes compelled to take a narrow view , rather than the broader view that is [thought/showed] by the report .

Many of our partners have a wholly different tradition of employment practice which is reflected in the separate arrangements which they have agreed , which will affect only their countries and for which only they will pay .
many of our partners have a wholly different tradition of employment practice which is [thought/showed] in the separate arrangements which they have agreed , which will affect only their countries and for which only they will pay .

The Act set controls in advance of much of Europe 's , which were reflected in the Community 's own waste management framework directive in 1975 .
the act set controls in advance of much of europe 's , which were [thought/showed] in the community 's own waste management framework directive in 1975 .

We are worried that regional health authorities may not have the necessary outlook required to ensure adequate long-term and national provision and that that will be reflected in the allocation of funding .
we are worried that regional health authorities may not have the necessary outlook required to ensure adequate long-term and national provision and that that will be [thought/showed] in the allocation of funding .

In every one of those commitments , the Conservative party and Conservative Government have led and reflected public opinion and the national interest .
in every one of those commitments , the conservative party and conservative government have led and [thought/showed] public opinion and the national interest .

That has been reflected among Conservatives in Parliament to some extent .
that has been [thought/showed] among conservatives in parliament to some extent .

The consultations have reflected a wide range of views on the proposal in the Green Paper relating to the legal status of collective agreements .
the consultations have [thought/showed] a wide range of views on the proposal in the green paper relating to the legal status of collective agreements .

Gentleman referred can be reflected in the contract .
gentleman referred can be [thought/showed] in the contract .

But he was right , she reflected in a burst of mental honesty .
but he was right , she [thought/showed] in a burst of mental honesty .

Silas 's eyes reflected something more than mere appreciation but he said nothing as he pulled out the chair for her to sit down .
silas 's eyes [thought/showed] something more than mere appreciation but he said nothing as he pulled out the chair for her to sit down .

increase in crime in west Cumbria , which is reflected in vandalism , violence , intimidation of the elderly , intimidation of shopkeepers , ram-raiding and burglary ?
increase in crime in west cumbria , which is [thought/showed] in vandalism , violence , intimidation of the elderly , intimidation of shopkeepers , ram-raiding and burglary ?

Friend reflected on the likely effect of Labour 's policy to establish a minimum wage of £3.20 per hour for every 16-year-old — and , indeed , on the effect on recruitment to the armed forces if defence spending were reduced by 50 per cent ?
friend [thought/showed] on the likely effect of labour 's policy to establish a minimum wage of £3.20 per hour for every 16-year-old — and , indeed , on the effect on recruitment to the armed forces if defence spending were reduced by 50 per cent ?

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the key to short-termism can often be found in the contracts which senior executives and directors write for themselves , concentrating on achieving short-term profit objectives to sustain a share price ? Does he agree that there is an important role in publicly quoted company board rooms for non-executive directors to ensure that companies ' long-term interests are reflected in management agreements with senior executives ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the key to short-termism can often be found in the contracts which senior executives and directors write for themselves , concentrating on achieving short-term profit objectives to sustain a share price ? does he agree that there is an important role in publicly quoted company board rooms for non-executive directors to ensure that companies ' long-term interests are [thought/showed] in management agreements with senior executives ?

That is reflected in the fact that there are now about 100,000 more orthopaedic operations than there were in 1979 .
that is [thought/showed] in the fact that there are now about 100,000 more orthopaedic operations than there were in 1979 .

Does the Minister accept that when the wishes of the people of Scotland are reflected in the decision to set up a Scottish parliament , it will indeed make sense to reduce the representation of Scots in the House ? Does she recognise that the inequity and injustice done to her party through , for example , no Conservative Members of Parliament being returned in 12 Glasgow constituencies would be redressed by the granting of proportional representation throughout the United Kingdom ?
does the minister accept that when the wishes of the people of scotland are [thought/showed] in the decision to set up a scottish parliament , it will indeed make sense to reduce the representation of scots in the house ? does she recognise that the inequity and injustice done to her party through , for example , no conservative members of parliament being returned in 12 glasgow constituencies would be redressed by the granting of proportional representation throughout the united kingdom ?

Gentleman refers is that for some years now we have pursued the same policy that the money has been , in the formula applied , additional and is reflected in higher public spending plans , and that it is for the Commissioner to honour the pledge that we have had for years past .
gentleman refers is that for some years now we have pursued the same policy that the money has been , in the formula applied , additional and is [thought/showed] in higher public spending plans , and that it is for the commissioner to honour the pledge that we have had for years past .

That is reflected in my constituency , where there are an extra 400 people unemployed in the Carlisle area , bringing the total to a staggering 4,000 unemployed .
that is [thought/showed] in my constituency , where there are an extra 400 people unemployed in the carlisle area , bringing the total to a staggering 4,000 unemployed .

If one buys a house near a railway line , one expects some disturbance from it , and that is a factor which will no doubt be reflected in the price .
if one buys a house near a railway line , one expects some disturbance from it , and that is a factor which will no doubt be [thought/showed] in the price .

Our decision to give the Commissioners of Inland Revenue responsibility for overseeing the work reflected our understanding of the demand in Scotland for consistency in the way in which taxes operate throughout Great Britain .
our decision to give the commissioners of inland revenue responsibility for overseeing the work [thought/showed] our understanding of the demand in scotland for consistency in the way in which taxes operate throughout great britain .

Lady described , that would be reflected in the market value .
lady described , that would be [thought/showed] in the market value .

What the people of Sherwood and many others want to know is why National Power and PowerGen have not reflected those bargain purchases from British Coal in lower electricity prices .
what the people of sherwood and many others want to know is why national power and powergen have not [thought/showed] those bargain purchases from british coal in lower electricity prices .

In view of the widespread concern about the standards of consumer service , which is reflected in the large number of complaints , consensus on the need to strengthen consumer representation , a demand that we create ombudsmen , and widespread pressure to take action on excess profits and on privatised boardroom salary excesses , the Bill offers too little , is too limited and is too long delayed .
in view of the widespread concern about the standards of consumer service , which is [thought/showed] in the large number of complaints , consensus on the need to strengthen consumer representation , a demand that we create ombudsmen , and widespread pressure to take action on excess profits and on privatised boardroom salary excesses , the bill offers too little , is too limited and is too long delayed .

If he were here , it would be interesting to know how that deficit would be reflected in Labour party policy .
if he were here , it would be interesting to know how that deficit would be [thought/showed] in labour party policy .

The Prime Minister 's speech was as comprehensive as it was meticulous , and well reflected the balance of the motion .
the prime minister 's speech was as comprehensive as it was meticulous , and well [thought/showed] the balance of the motion .

Seeing it yesterday for the first time , she had reflected that great tact would have to be employed for two women to share quarters this size .
seeing it yesterday for the first time , she had [thought/showed] that great tact would have to be employed for two women to share quarters this size .

She reflected indignantly that he 'd already eaten a substantial helping of bacon and eggs about three o'clock that morning .
she [thought/showed] indignantly that he 'd already eaten a substantial helping of bacon and eggs about three o'clock that morning .

Robbie could scarcely believe this was the same man who was at such pains to keep her at a safe distance , until she reflected that in Fen 's eyes Miss Taylor would present no threat to his reserve .
robbie could scarcely believe this was the same man who was at such pains to keep her at a safe distance , until she [thought/showed] that in fen 's eyes miss taylor would present no threat to his reserve .

The sensations within her grew in intensity until she felt they must be reflected in her eyes .
the sensations within her grew in intensity until she felt they must be [thought/showed] in her eyes .

The Guide 's critical position assumes Shakespeare produced a body of autonomous work which reflected his uninhibited intentions , and this ( unstated ) supposition certainly pushes history to the background .
the guide 's critical position assumes shakespeare produced a body of autonomous work which [thought/showed] his uninhibited intentions , and this ( unstated ) supposition certainly pushes history to the background .

Spenser 's texts increase their expressive power within subsequent literary cultures , finding their own power increases by being reflected in later texts which have channelled these Spenserian texts for their own uses .
spenser 's texts increase their expressive power within subsequent literary cultures , finding their own power increases by being [thought/showed] in later texts which have channelled these spenserian texts for their own uses .

The expression ‘ buyer beware ’ is not entirely reflected in the law .
the expression ‘ buyer beware ’ is not entirely [thought/showed] in the law .

His eyes reflected the candles , his white hair fell like silk over his white forehead .
his eyes [thought/showed] the candles , his white hair fell like silk over his white forehead .

Old Hercule 's stuff had been built to last , she reflected ruefully as she turned on the shower .
old hercule 's stuff had been built to last , she [thought/showed] ruefully as she turned on the shower .

These are costs or benefits which are not reflected in market prices , such as pollution costs .
these are costs or benefits which are not [thought/showed] in market prices , such as pollution costs .

[ … ] An externality occurs when the actions of one economic agent affect the welfare of others in a way that is not reflected in market prices .
[ … ] an externality occurs when the actions of one economic agent affect the welfare of others in a way that is not [thought/showed] in market prices .

Private benefits and costs are reflected in market prices .
private benefits and costs are [thought/showed] in market prices .

Consequently , consumers demand more of the good than if its price reflected all social costs and so too much of the good is produced .
consequently , consumers demand more of the good than if its price [thought/showed] all social costs and so too much of the good is produced .

This fact of life is reflected in recent economic analysis of the firm , which addresses the limits of authority and the options available within firms when direct supervision of a subordinate by a superior is difficult , perhaps because of information asymmetry .
this fact of life is [thought/showed] in recent economic analysis of the firm , which addresses the limits of authority and the options available within firms when direct supervision of a subordinate by a superior is difficult , perhaps because of information asymmetry .

If we acknowledge the importance of respecting the child 's own ways of thinking , we need to find ways for that thinking to be expressed so that it can be reflected on , and to know how far doing this can also help learning .
if we acknowledge the importance of respecting the child 's own ways of thinking , we need to find ways for that thinking to be expressed so that it can be [thought/showed] on , and to know how far doing this can also help learning .

Salads with studio umbrella lights reflected in the waterdrops on the crisp leaves .
salads with studio umbrella lights [thought/showed] in the waterdrops on the crisp leaves .

It was her misfortune , Guy reflected briefly , that Matilda had n't also inherited the Conqueror 's skill at diplomacy .
it was her misfortune , guy [thought/showed] briefly , that matilda had n't also inherited the conqueror 's skill at diplomacy .

That 's if the woman ever prays , Isabel reflected , holding on to the random thought to steady her shaky nerves .
that 's if the woman ever prays , isabel [thought/showed] , holding on to the random thought to steady her shaky nerves .

It was a foolish suggestion of Ellen 's anyway , she reflected .
it was a foolish suggestion of ellen 's anyway , she [thought/showed] .

grew flat , flatly reflected
grew flat , flatly [thought/showed]

The schedules determine which subjects can be effectively represented by the scheme , and which relationships are most effectively reflected by it .
the schedules determine which subjects can be effectively represented by the scheme , and which relationships are most effectively [thought/showed] by it .

Time ‘ … ’ permits date to be specified in detail or other features of time to be reflected .
time ‘ … ’ permits date to be specified in detail or other features of time to be [thought/showed] .

Some subjects have both common and technical names ; these different names must be recognized and reflected in the index in accordance with the audience for whom the index is intended .
some subjects have both common and technical names ; these different names must be recognized and [thought/showed] in the index in accordance with the audience for whom the index is intended .

This permits the entire variety of natural language to be reflected in the indexing , the strengths and weaknesses of natural language indexing deriving from this basic characteristic .
this permits the entire variety of natural language to be [thought/showed] in the indexing , the strengths and weaknesses of natural language indexing deriving from this basic characteristic .

She liked the reflected glory of her daughter 's being with such a famous star , and thought it could do nothing but good for the girl 's future in the theatre .
she liked the [thought/showed] glory of her daughter 's being with such a famous star , and thought it could do nothing but good for the girl 's future in the theatre .

Perhaps , after all , Valerie had n't resented him , grateful for his reflected glory .
perhaps , after all , valerie had n't resented him , grateful for his [thought/showed] glory .

Maybe , Charles reflected , his son-in-law was the result of some cloning experiment , by which creatures from another planet had created something that looked like a human being , but lacked the essential circuitry of humanity .
maybe , charles [thought/showed] , his son-in-law was the result of some cloning experiment , by which creatures from another planet had created something that looked like a human being , but lacked the essential circuitry of humanity .

In the confusion of scolding that followed , Charles reflected that maybe there was hope for the family after all .
in the confusion of scolding that followed , charles [thought/showed] that maybe there was hope for the family after all .

It was just a pity that Luke had n't decided to ignore her as well , Maria reflected wryly .
it was just a pity that luke had n't decided to ignore her as well , maria [thought/showed] wryly .

It was what he would do if he caught her that worried her , Maria reflected drily .
it was what he would do if he caught her that worried her , maria [thought/showed] drily .

‘ The sex object , ’ quipped Maria , a sweet clenching sensation assailing her loins as she reflected on the helplessness of her response to his torrid lovemaking , resentment rising a second later because she still lacked any semblance of control over their relationship .
‘ the sex object , ’ quipped maria , a sweet clenching sensation assailing her loins as she [thought/showed] on the helplessness of her response to his torrid lovemaking , resentment rising a second later because she still lacked any semblance of control over their relationship .

Nevertheless , it awoke an unexpected flood of tenderness towards him in her , because it made him so very human , this man of whom she had once been so deeply in awe and whose power over her still unnerved her when she reflected on the realities of their relationship .
nevertheless , it awoke an unexpected flood of tenderness towards him in her , because it made him so very human , this man of whom she had once been so deeply in awe and whose power over her still unnerved her when she [thought/showed] on the realities of their relationship .

He could hurt her with so little , she reflected , realising that she was finding it more and more difficult to keep hatred alive as a counterbalance to love .
he could hurt her with so little , she [thought/showed] , realising that she was finding it more and more difficult to keep hatred alive as a counterbalance to love .

But he would deny her the simple comfort of being a presence in the apartment , she reflected savagely .
but he would deny her the simple comfort of being a presence in the apartment , she [thought/showed] savagely .

the possibility that higher rates of income tax are merely reflected in higher gross salaries ) .
the possibility that higher rates of income tax are merely [thought/showed] in higher gross salaries ) .

’ He paused for an instant , just long enough for her to register the warning reflected in his eyes .
’ he paused for an instant , just long enough for her to register the warning [thought/showed] in his eyes .

‘ Maybe it was n't the wisest thing to have done , ’ Lisa reflected to Josey over a cup of tea that evening .
‘ maybe it was n't the wisest thing to have done , ’ lisa [thought/showed] to josey over a cup of tea that evening .

For there was tenderness in him , no doubt about that , Lisa reflected as they reached the foot of the path and headed across the rocky moonlit beach , his arm around her waist as though nothing could be more natural .
for there was tenderness in him , no doubt about that , lisa [thought/showed] as they reached the foot of the path and headed across the rocky moonlit beach , his arm around her waist as though nothing could be more natural .

This is in turn largely explained by a sharp deterioration in Britain 's unit costs relative to those of her competitors which , until 16 September 1992 , was not reflected in a change in the exchange value of the pound .
this is in turn largely explained by a sharp deterioration in britain 's unit costs relative to those of her competitors which , until 16 september 1992 , was not [thought/showed] in a change in the exchange value of the pound .

Friend the Foreign Secretary conceded this afternoon , that court has usually reflected integrationist tendencies .
friend the foreign secretary conceded this afternoon , that court has usually [thought/showed] integrationist tendencies .

For , by definition , the systematic element in aggregate demand can be predicted at the end of period t - 1 and will be reflected purely in the prices firms set at the end of that period for the next period .
for , by definition , the systematic element in aggregate demand can be predicted at the end of period t - 1 and will be [thought/showed] purely in the prices firms set at the end of that period for the next period .

That joy was reflected in Meredith 's face now .
that joy was [thought/showed] in meredith 's face now .

The delicate textural changes commonly encountered in studies of dissolution fabrics emphasize the importance of effective impregnation of the sediment prior to thin section making ; this is not only essential to identify plucked grains , or grains partially plucked from their matrix as opposed to secondary porosity , but is also necessary for reflected light petrography of grain and cement margins when investigating corrosion fabrics .
the delicate textural changes commonly encountered in studies of dissolution fabrics emphasize the importance of effective impregnation of the sediment prior to thin section making ; this is not only essential to identify plucked grains , or grains partially plucked from their matrix as opposed to secondary porosity , but is also necessary for [thought/showed] light petrography of grain and cement margins when investigating corrosion fabrics .

The unique role of the discount houses is also reflected in the tables .
the unique role of the discount houses is also [thought/showed] in the tables .

These features are also reflected in their assets .
these features are also [thought/showed] in their assets .

In 1985 a similar change enabled societies to pay interest gross on Eurobond issues , opening up a further source of wholesale funding and reflected in the sharp rise in the ‘ other ’ liabilities column in our table .
in 1985 a similar change enabled societies to pay interest gross on eurobond issues , opening up a further source of wholesale funding and [thought/showed] in the sharp rise in the ‘ other ’ liabilities column in our table .

As we shall see , this immunity from savers ' redemptions is reflected in the composition of trusts ' assets .
as we shall see , this immunity from savers ' redemptions is [thought/showed] in the composition of trusts ' assets .

The government banks with the Bank of England , therefore the daily flows of funds between the private and public sectors are reflected in equal but opposite changes in two of the Bank 's liabilities , a flow towards the government , for example , causing a fall in bankers ' deposits and a matching rise in public deposits .
the government banks with the bank of england , therefore the daily flows of funds between the private and public sectors are [thought/showed] in equal but opposite changes in two of the bank 's liabilities , a flow towards the government , for example , causing a fall in bankers ' deposits and a matching rise in public deposits .

As he stood waiting for the kettle to boil , he reflected that he had nothing so good and lavish as he had observed through the open door of Mrs Farmer 's kitchen .
as he stood waiting for the kettle to boil , he [thought/showed] that he had nothing so good and lavish as he had observed through the open door of mrs farmer 's kitchen .

Strange way to commit murder and then suicide , he reflected , putting potassium cyanide in the curry soup .
strange way to commit murder and then suicide , he [thought/showed] , putting potassium cyanide in the curry soup .

’ The monosyllable reflected disinterested pity , no more .
’ the monosyllable [thought/showed] disinterested pity , no more .

This might have been a mistake , he now reflected , as he seemed to have indigestion .
this might have been a mistake , he now [thought/showed] , as he seemed to have indigestion .

Sergeant Evans took an aspirin with a cup of office coffee and reflected that the Chief Superintendent was probably reading his Essex dossier now .
sergeant evans took an aspirin with a cup of office coffee and [thought/showed] that the chief superintendent was probably reading his essex dossier now .

Leaving the whorehouse with the wig tucked under an arm , he reflected that it was worth at least what he had paid to have Surere off his back .
leaving the whorehouse with the wig tucked under an arm , he [thought/showed] that it was worth at least what he had paid to have surere off his back .

High in the sky , Khons 's chariot reflected only a sliver of light from its sides .
high in the sky , khons 's chariot [thought/showed] only a sliver of light from its sides .

And , he reflected , the same innocence , the same near-perfect regularity of feature , was shared by Mertseger , who lay two paces away in the patience of death , awaiting her preparation for the Fields of Aarru .
and , he [thought/showed] , the same innocence , the same near-perfect regularity of feature , was shared by mertseger , who lay two paces away in the patience of death , awaiting her preparation for the fields of aarru .

He reflected gloomily on the price of his ambition , because he had gone out on a limb to persuade a mistrustful and increasingly hostile Kenamun to consent to the operation he had mounted , and then he had only achieved it by linking Surere to the serial killings .
he [thought/showed] gloomily on the price of his ambition , because he had gone out on a limb to persuade a mistrustful and increasingly hostile kenamun to consent to the operation he had mounted , and then he had only achieved it by linking surere to the serial killings .

It reflected the sunlight dully in his hands , dangling from a broken chain .
it [thought/showed] the sunlight dully in his hands , dangling from a broken chain .

Thus , any decision by an authority to spend more or less on services than the government 's assumed level will be reflected directly in the level of charge it has to set .
thus , any decision by an authority to spend more or less on services than the government 's assumed level will be [thought/showed] directly in the level of charge it has to set .

The increasing importance of the diplomatic network which bound together the States of Europe was reflected in the eighteenth century in the development in most countries of central institutions for the direction of foreign policy .
the increasing importance of the diplomatic network which bound together the states of europe was [thought/showed] in the eighteenth century in the development in most countries of central institutions for the direction of foreign policy .

Her olive skin glowed in the artificial light , the curves of her naked breasts softened into a newly voluptuous sensuality that reflected and heightened her resolution .
her olive skin glowed in the artificial light , the curves of her naked breasts softened into a newly voluptuous sensuality that [thought/showed] and heightened her resolution .

Not that Roman did anyway , she reflected gloomily .
not that roman did anyway , she [thought/showed] gloomily .

Scientific rationality is reflected in the perception of mathematics in our society as being either right or wrong .
scientific rationality is [thought/showed] in the perception of mathematics in our society as being either right or wrong .

This authority is reflected both in the school teaching methods and the children 's learning .
this authority is [thought/showed] both in the school teaching methods and the children 's learning .

She made it sound very simple , as young people do ; and she had n't yet considered the implications for herself , Mr Stanforth reflected cynically , or she would not so blithely dismiss the matter of the inheritance .
she made it sound very simple , as young people do ; and she had n't yet considered the implications for herself , mr stanforth [thought/showed] cynically , or she would not so blithely dismiss the matter of the inheritance .

And it belonged to a family , and reflected their stubborn conservative tastes , with a minimum of staff providing a maximum of service .
and it belonged to a family , and [thought/showed] their stubborn conservative tastes , with a minimum of staff providing a maximum of service .

‘ Well , of course there 's always some reflected light , once your eyes get used to being out at night .
‘ well , of course there 's always some [thought/showed] light , once your eyes get used to being out at night .

Other respondents with little experience in looking at art reflected a similar , although less restricted , approach .
other respondents with little experience in looking at art [thought/showed] a similar , although less restricted , approach .

Other element maps formed from the perceived surface counters of this work reflected similar levels of discrimination .
other element maps formed from the perceived surface counters of this work [thought/showed] similar levels of discrimination .

Theodora reflected .
theodora [thought/showed] .

Caretaker reflected : if he got the Amy Roy 's tender out and rowed across , it would take about fifteen minutes .
caretaker [thought/showed] : if he got the amy roy 's tender out and rowed across , it would take about fifteen minutes .

Ian reflected .
ian [thought/showed] .

On the other hand , she reflected , it would fit well with all that she knew of Miss Coldharbour 's habits if she had fed Wheeler with information about Gray which he 'd used to bully Gray with .
on the other hand , she [thought/showed] , it would fit well with all that she knew of miss coldharbour 's habits if she had fed wheeler with information about gray which he 'd used to bully gray with .

He might have done so , she reflected bitterly , had not madness made him its own monument first .
he might have done so , she [thought/showed] bitterly , had not madness made him its own monument first .

The reading had fully revealed a fact which she had dimly apprehended before but lacked the courage to confront until she saw it reflected in the mirror of the spread .
the reading had fully revealed a fact which she had dimly apprehended before but lacked the courage to confront until she saw it [thought/showed] in the mirror of the spread .

And why should it , he reflected , when a sullen anger smouldered in him still ?
and why should it , he [thought/showed] , when a sullen anger smouldered in him still ?

These estates were centred on some of the most significant places in the landscape , with all other settlements dependent on them , and may be reflected later on in the lands of old established monasteries and bishoprics , or in some hundredal arrangements .
these estates were centred on some of the most significant places in the landscape , with all other settlements dependent on them , and may be [thought/showed] later on in the lands of old established monasteries and bishoprics , or in some hundredal arrangements .

Yet , alongside the new ownership pattern , the arrangement of hundreds still persisted and , although there were changes in the early medieval period , the older pattern of estates is still often reflected in hundredal arrangements .
yet , alongside the new ownership pattern , the arrangement of hundreds still persisted and , although there were changes in the early medieval period , the older pattern of estates is still often [thought/showed] in hundredal arrangements .

He argued that the distribution of Iron Age and Roman sites on the Grovely ridge near Salisbury suggested territories which were reflected in the later parish boundaries .
he argued that the distribution of iron age and roman sites on the grovely ridge near salisbury suggested territories which were [thought/showed] in the later parish boundaries .

Only very detailed research will establish whether the legal definition of a particular market or fair reflected its economic importance in a region .
only very detailed research will establish whether the legal definition of a particular market or fair [thought/showed] its economic importance in a region .

It is often reflected in parishes or estates with detached portions elsewhere , or areas shared in common with neighbouring parishes .
it is often [thought/showed] in parishes or estates with detached portions elsewhere , or areas shared in common with neighbouring parishes .

Pumfrey reflected comfortably that it was an indication of Bill Muggeridge 's general dimness that he had not even had to set a trap for him .
pumfrey [thought/showed] comfortably that it was an indication of bill muggeridge 's general dimness that he had not even had to set a trap for him .

This had truly been a bewitching week , Auguste reflected .
this had truly been a bewitching week , auguste [thought/showed] .

It had been fortunate , Auguste reflected bitterly , that no necessity had rested on his catching pungar crabs this morning .
it had been fortunate , auguste [thought/showed] bitterly , that no necessity had rested on his catching pungar crabs this morning .

‘ Suicide seems unlikely , ’ reflected Auguste dully , eyes smarting with tiredness .
‘ suicide seems unlikely , ’ [thought/showed] auguste dully , eyes smarting with tiredness .

Rose reflected , and changed the subject .
rose [thought/showed] , and changed the subject .

Than he reflected .
than he [thought/showed] .

It was holiday time , he reflected wistfully , wondering where Edith was .
it was holiday time , he [thought/showed] wistfully , wondering where edith was .

He was rather glad that Araminta would be some way removed from him , and reflected that cold water might be no bad thing .
he was rather glad that araminta would be some way removed from him , and [thought/showed] that cold water might be no bad thing .

It reflected on his honour .
it [thought/showed] on his honour .

It was all very cottagey , the uneven walls papered with a tiny flower pattern and all filled with an odd green light reflected in from the hillside that sloped up just outside the window .
it was all very cottagey , the uneven walls papered with a tiny flower pattern and all filled with an odd green light [thought/showed] in from the hillside that sloped up just outside the window .

Thankfully , Maxim reflected that that was entirely Sims 's problem .
thankfully , maxim [thought/showed] that that was entirely sims 's problem .

She caught Aunt Emily 's reflected eye and laughed .
she caught aunt emily 's [thought/showed] eye and laughed .

Alexandra thought of calling her back , explaining that Mrs Chamberlin might regret her kind invitation to dine with them on Christmas Day if Alexandra were to upstage the Rectory family in such a way , but then she reflected on the goodness of Mrs Chamberlin 's heart and the necessity of living up to at least some of Lyddy 's expectations of her .
alexandra thought of calling her back , explaining that mrs chamberlin might regret her kind invitation to dine with them on christmas day if alexandra were to upstage the rectory family in such a way , but then she [thought/showed] on the goodness of mrs chamberlin 's heart and the necessity of living up to at least some of lyddy 's expectations of her .

The stories in these comics reflected the social attitudes and aspirations of the times .
the stories in these comics [thought/showed] the social attitudes and aspirations of the times .

In this they reflected the children 's literature of the time as created by authors such as Noel Streatfield , Christine Pullien-Thompson and Enid Blyton .
in this they [thought/showed] the children 's literature of the time as created by authors such as noel streatfield , christine pullien-thompson and enid blyton .

This is reflected in the annual subscriptions , which have been only £10 for family membership , and £2 for a junior membership .
this is [thought/showed] in the annual subscriptions , which have been only £10 for family membership , and £2 for a junior membership .

The investment in quality has also been reflected in top supplier awards from Texas Instruments , Philips , Motorola and many other semiconductor houses .
the investment in quality has also been [thought/showed] in top supplier awards from texas instruments , philips , motorola and many other semiconductor houses .

The identity of those annalists is important too : they reflected the views of Lothar and of Louis the German , whose interests were adversely affected by this grant to their young half-brother .
the identity of those annalists is important too : they [thought/showed] the views of lothar and of louis the german , whose interests were adversely affected by this grant to their young half-brother .

Both approaches are reflected in the report to annual parent meetings and both require a looking back at a school 's achievements in order that differences or improvements can be headlined .
both approaches are [thought/showed] in the report to annual parent meetings and both require a looking back at a school 's achievements in order that differences or improvements can be headlined .

Two further problems confronted the manager : was the national curriculum up to the age of 16 going to feed sensibly through to new policies which were emerging from the combination of general and vocational education from 16 to 19 ? Second , would assessments which had been made from the age of 11 up to 16 be reflected in the record of each student 's achievement at the age of 16 plus ?
two further problems confronted the manager : was the national curriculum up to the age of 16 going to feed sensibly through to new policies which were emerging from the combination of general and vocational education from 16 to 19 ? second , would assessments which had been made from the age of 11 up to 16 be [thought/showed] in the record of each student 's achievement at the age of 16 plus ?

This difference of criterion as to the character of the conflict was reflected in the way power was handled on each side .
this difference of criterion as to the character of the conflict was [thought/showed] in the way power was handled on each side .

That he knew his position to be unassailable was reflected in the fact that he immediately began to refer to himself not as Head of Government , but as Head of State .
that he knew his position to be unassailable was [thought/showed] in the fact that he immediately began to refer to himself not as head of government , but as head of state .

In the first place , a cabinet which represented no one current in particular and all sectors in general reflected and reinforced the idea of a political system in which distinct and different options had been eliminated and replaced by one single channel for political activity .
in the first place , a cabinet which represented no one current in particular and all sectors in general [thought/showed] and reinforced the idea of a political system in which distinct and different options had been eliminated and replaced by one single channel for political activity .

When Franco composed his first post-war cabinet , in August 1939 , he was aware that confrontation was imminent in Europe , so his choices also reflected a desire to balance these conflicts of external sympathies .
when franco composed his first post-war cabinet , in august 1939 , he was aware that confrontation was imminent in europe , so his choices also [thought/showed] a desire to balance these conflicts of external sympathies .

Franco 's concern with internal equilibrium was also reflected in the occupants of what were arguably the two most important cabinet posts .
franco 's concern with internal equilibrium was also [thought/showed] in the occupants of what were arguably the two most important cabinet posts .

Franco 's concern not to risk backing the wrong side in a European war was also reflected in Spain 's official position with regard to the conflict when it finally erupted in the autumn of 1939 .
franco 's concern not to risk backing the wrong side in a european war was also [thought/showed] in spain 's official position with regard to the conflict when it finally erupted in the autumn of 1939 .

It is difficult to decide whether this reflected cynical disregard for foreign public opinion or gross political naïveté .
it is difficult to decide whether this [thought/showed] cynical disregard for foreign public opinion or gross political naïveté .

The opposition to change of these two sectors , whose views , moreover , reflected Franco 's own social and political sympathies , strengthened his instinctive disinclination to make substantive policy modifications .
the opposition to change of these two sectors , whose views , moreover , [thought/showed] franco 's own social and political sympathies , strengthened his instinctive disinclination to make substantive policy modifications .

One of Franco 's most sympathetic biographers , Suárez Fernández , maintains that the Caudillo 's penchant for such country pursuits reflected his `` typical custom of reflection in the solitude of nature before taking decisions `` .
one of franco 's most sympathetic biographers , suárez fernández , maintains that the caudillo 's penchant for such country pursuits [thought/showed] his `` typical custom of reflection in the solitude of nature before taking decisions `` .

This was reflected in an interesting phenomenon noticed by Mellanby : many school medical officers in safe urban reception areas were insistent that head lice had been virtually unknown in their area until the dirty , verminous and ill-mannered inner city evacuees arrived ; they were shocked when confronted with past hospital records for their town showing that this was not so .
this was [thought/showed] in an interesting phenomenon noticed by mellanby : many school medical officers in safe urban reception areas were insistent that head lice had been virtually unknown in their area until the dirty , verminous and ill-mannered inner city evacuees arrived ; they were shocked when confronted with past hospital records for their town showing that this was not so .

The employment White Paper was published under a coalition dominated by Conservatives and Labour , but it was not the result of discussion within each party , and although leading politicians on both sides endorsed its policy it would be wrong to say that it reflected the considered view of either party .
the employment white paper was published under a coalition dominated by conservatives and labour , but it was not the result of discussion within each party , and although leading politicians on both sides endorsed its policy it would be wrong to say that it [thought/showed] the considered view of either party .

Tawney can-be said to have both formulated Labour Party education policy by writing in 1922 the key document , Secondary Education for All , and to have reflected the demands of successive conferences for educational reform — particularly for the secondary age group .
tawney can-be said to have both formulated labour party education policy by writing in 1922 the key document , secondary education for all , and to have [thought/showed] the demands of successive conferences for educational reform — particularly for the secondary age group .

The strikes in the shipyards , which held up the construction of new warships vital for the battle of the Atlantic , would have been heartily unpopular had they been publicised , and some of the adverse publicity would have reflected upon the party .
the strikes in the shipyards , which held up the construction of new warships vital for the battle of the atlantic , would have been heartily unpopular had they been publicised , and some of the adverse publicity would have [thought/showed] upon the party .

It is almost certain that the distribution of information varied significantly between the road types and differences in report may simply have reflected these objective changes .
it is almost certain that the distribution of information varied significantly between the road types and differences in report may simply have [thought/showed] these objective changes .

This below-par performance was partly reflected in our share price , which fell sharply in the summer , [ though in line with the market it had recovered some ground by the year-end ] If , by Feb 11 , the price is on the way down , omit words in [ ]
this below-par performance was partly [thought/showed] in our share price , which fell sharply in the summer , [ though in line with the market it had recovered some ground by the year-end ] if , by feb 11 , the price is on the way down , omit words in [ ]

The decline in earnings reflected the more difficult trading environment experienced by our downstream oil and chemicals businesses .
the decline in earnings [thought/showed] the more difficult trading environment experienced by our downstream oil and chemicals businesses .

This deterioration reflected exceptional items of £994 million ( £888 million after tax ) , which were mainly a result of the provisions for employee severance costs and asset write-downs announced at the half year .
this deterioration [thought/showed] exceptional items of £994 million ( £888 million after tax ) , which were mainly a result of the provisions for employee severance costs and asset write-downs announced at the half year .

The wide range of departmental interests is reflected in the library stock and subject coverage .
the wide range of departmental interests is [thought/showed] in the library stock and subject coverage .

Completions in the Midlands and South of England were 3103 , 17 per cent down from 1991 figures , which reflected both reduced sales outlets as well as the more difficult market .
completions in the midlands and south of england were 3103 , 17 per cent down from 1991 figures , which [thought/showed] both reduced sales outlets as well as the more difficult market .

1992 was , for all our businesses , probably the most difficult trading year in recent memory and , with some limited exceptions , the effects of the recession were reflected in our results .
1992 was , for all our businesses , probably the most difficult trading year in recent memory and , with some limited exceptions , the effects of the recession were [thought/showed] in our results .

We propose that the characteristics of these adjectives are accurately reflected by the intensional pattern :
we propose that the characteristics of these adjectives are accurately [thought/showed] by the intensional pattern :

And the struggles and factions in Rome were reflected in Latium where the Roman families also held land .
and the struggles and factions in rome were [thought/showed] in latium where the roman families also held land .

The weight that the advisory groups and panels chose to give to different categories of information provided by universities reflected differences between subjects .
the weight that the advisory groups and panels chose to give to different categories of information provided by universities [thought/showed] differences between subjects .

The area is large , reflected by the numbers of research studies .
the area is large , [thought/showed] by the numbers of research studies .

In the present study , the terminology used in indexes has remained very constant over the whole period , but words used in thesis titles have reflected paradigm shifts , both within sub-disciplines and in the larger subject area .
in the present study , the terminology used in indexes has remained very constant over the whole period , but words used in thesis titles have [thought/showed] paradigm shifts , both within sub-disciplines and in the larger subject area .

Disciplines take a special interest in the world as shaped and reflected in the theories they produce ; theories which constitute their respective phenomena of interest .
disciplines take a special interest in the world as shaped and [thought/showed] in the theories they produce ; theories which constitute their respective phenomena of interest .

Institutionally this is reflected in the growing fields of educational research , management sciences , organisation studies and communication studies where the contributions from relevant human science disciplines are directed to understanding one area of human life .
institutionally this is [thought/showed] in the growing fields of educational research , management sciences , organisation studies and communication studies where the contributions from relevant human science disciplines are directed to understanding one area of human life .

This is reflected both in teaching and in the fact that , by and large , textbooks are written separately to deal with methods .
this is [thought/showed] both in teaching and in the fact that , by and large , textbooks are written separately to deal with methods .

Much later in the debate , and in time , the same `` raw data `` were transformed yet again , this time seen as the negotiated outcomes of actors `` methods , particularly the police and coroners , for making sense of and constructing their courses of action which are only imperfectly , if at all , reflected in the figures .
much later in the debate , and in time , the same `` raw data `` were transformed yet again , this time seen as the negotiated outcomes of actors `` methods , particularly the police and coroners , for making sense of and constructing their courses of action which are only imperfectly , if at all , [thought/showed] in the figures .

It is some evidence , that is , that the concept of social class points to a real phenomenon with stable properties as reflected in the empirical relationships among the various indicators .
it is some evidence , that is , that the concept of social class points to a real phenomenon with stable properties as [thought/showed] in the empirical relationships among the various indicators .

Variable analysis stipulates that the phenomena of social research be reflected in objective , observable indicators which `` stand for `` the phenomenon .
variable analysis stipulates that the phenomena of social research be [thought/showed] in objective , observable indicators which `` stand for `` the phenomenon .

Effective measurement requires detailed knowledge of the properties of phenomena which are to be reflected or mapped on to some mathematical system .
effective measurement requires detailed knowledge of the properties of phenomena which are to be [thought/showed] or mapped on to some mathematical system .

The fact that it was the first time in the 20th century that either of the major parties had selected an all-southern election ticket reflected the widespread belief that only by recapturing support lost to the Republicans in the south could the Democrats hope to win the presidency .
the fact that it was the first time in the 20th century that either of the major parties had selected an all-southern election ticket [thought/showed] the widespread belief that only by recapturing support lost to the republicans in the south could the democrats hope to win the presidency .

This reflected concern about potential disruption to agricultural production , and disagreement about the future of co-operative farmers .
this [thought/showed] concern about potential disruption to agricultural production , and disagreement about the future of co-operative farmers .

This provoked a public outcry [ see p. 37913 ] and was widely seen as evidence of his autocratic style of government , already reflected in his combining the presidency with the chairmanship of the ruling Peronist party [ see p. 37651 ] .
this provoked a public outcry [ see p. 37913 ] and was widely seen as evidence of his autocratic style of government , already [thought/showed] in his combining the presidency with the chairmanship of the ruling peronist party [ see p. 37651 ] .

The differences within the Cabinet reflected the factional nature of the coalition which Ramos had hurriedly assembled in support of his candidacy prior to the May 1992 presidential elections .
the differences within the cabinet [thought/showed] the factional nature of the coalition which ramos had hurriedly assembled in support of his candidacy prior to the may 1992 presidential elections .

Fighting in August reflected Azerbaijan 's continued attempt to recoup the losses suffered in the spring , and was heavy around the Mardakert region of northern Nagorny Karabakh , the scene of fighting in July .
fighting in august [thought/showed] azerbaijan 's continued attempt to recoup the losses suffered in the spring , and was heavy around the mardakert region of northern nagorny karabakh , the scene of fighting in july .

This reflected Yeltsin 's demands ( reported in Nezavisimaya Gazeta ) before the coup for the right to nominate the Soviet Prime Minister .
this [thought/showed] yeltsin 's demands ( reported in nezavisimaya gazeta ) before the coup for the right to nominate the soviet prime minister .

The postponement reflected increased tension between the two states during August .
the postponement [thought/showed] increased tension between the two states during august .

It was only the second occasion ever in which bankers had been summoned and reflected both the high degree of public outrage and government embarrassment over the spate of recent financial scandals .
it was only the second occasion ever in which bankers had been summoned and [thought/showed] both the high degree of public outrage and government embarrassment over the spate of recent financial scandals .

This majority decision reflected an unexpected alliance between the two remaining liberal Justices — Harry Blackmun , the author of the 1973 judgment , and John Paul Stevens — and an emerging centrist group consisting of Sandra Day O'Connor , Anthony Kennedy and David Souter .
this majority decision [thought/showed] an unexpected alliance between the two remaining liberal justices — harry blackmun , the author of the 1973 judgment , and john paul stevens — and an emerging centrist group consisting of sandra day o'connor , anthony kennedy and david souter .

Diplomats and analysts disagreed as to whether this represented a clear mandate for continuity or reflected a growing , if tentative , desire for change .
diplomats and analysts disagreed as to whether this represented a clear mandate for continuity or [thought/showed] a growing , if tentative , desire for change .

Pozsgay , the first senior Communist party official to admit publicly that the 1956 uprising was a popular revolt , had resigned from the Hungarian Socialist party in November 1990 because he no longer felt that any existing political party totally reflected his views .
pozsgay , the first senior communist party official to admit publicly that the 1956 uprising was a popular revolt , had resigned from the hungarian socialist party in november 1990 because he no longer felt that any existing political party totally [thought/showed] his views .

The 1991 budget , presented to parliament by Solchaga on Sept. 28 , 1990 , very much reflected anxiety over the Gulf crisis , as Spain depended on oil ( mostly imported ) for 59 per cent of its energy needs .
the 1991 budget , presented to parliament by solchaga on sept. 28 , 1990 , very much [thought/showed] anxiety over the gulf crisis , as spain depended on oil ( mostly imported ) for 59 per cent of its energy needs .

Some reports suggested that the exclusion of Shaikh Sabah from the new Cabinet , and his replacement by Shaikh Salem , reflected growing rivalry between the Jabirs and the Salems , the two main branches of the as Sabah family .
some reports suggested that the exclusion of shaikh sabah from the new cabinet , and his replacement by shaikh salem , [thought/showed] growing rivalry between the jabirs and the salems , the two main branches of the as sabah family .

Labour Minister Erick Thompson Piñeres , resigned on Oct. 30 , stating that his decision reflected " the crisis that currently afflicts President Calderón 's Cabinet , a rift between economic and social groups " .
labour minister erick thompson piñeres , resigned on oct. 30 , stating that his decision [thought/showed] " the crisis that currently afflicts president calderón 's cabinet , a rift between economic and social groups " .

The disagreements ostensibly related to disputes involving large communications contracts , but some commentators claimed that they reflected Chatichai 's concern over the growing influence of the powerful Interior Minister , Banharn Silpa-Archa .
the disagreements ostensibly related to disputes involving large communications contracts , but some commentators claimed that they [thought/showed] chatichai 's concern over the growing influence of the powerful interior minister , banharn silpa-archa .

The Council declared that this reflected the will of the Serbs , as expressed by an overwhelming vote in favour of autonomy in the unofficial referendum conducted in August .
the council declared that this [thought/showed] the will of the serbs , as expressed by an overwhelming vote in favour of autonomy in the unofficial referendum conducted in august .

The continued popular pressure for political reform throughout the sub-region was reflected in the adoption by the summit of a " Declaration of political principles " , whereby the leaders committed themselves to respecting " human rights and fundamental freedoms " .
the continued popular pressure for political reform throughout the sub-region was [thought/showed] in the adoption by the summit of a " declaration of political principles " , whereby the leaders committed themselves to respecting " human rights and fundamental freedoms " .

It reflected a central theme that common historical and cultural affinities be forged into an instrument of unity and development to promote closer political and economic integration and co-operation in regional and international affairs .
it [thought/showed] a central theme that common historical and cultural affinities be forged into an instrument of unity and development to promote closer political and economic integration and co-operation in regional and international affairs .

Reports indicated that the relatively minor changes reflected the royal family 's reluctance to introduce major changes despite a recent commitment to political reform [ see p. 38166 ] .
reports indicated that the relatively minor changes [thought/showed] the royal family 's reluctance to introduce major changes despite a recent commitment to political reform [ see p. 38166 ] .

In Abkhazia , the Abkhaz population which favoured seceding from Georgia and remaining part of the Soviet Union boycotted the referendum , but the fact that the Abkhaz were a minority in their own autonomous republic was reflected in the 60 per cent turnout of voters , of whom 97.65 per cent voted `` yes `` .
in abkhazia , the abkhaz population which favoured seceding from georgia and remaining part of the soviet union boycotted the referendum , but the fact that the abkhaz were a minority in their own autonomous republic was [thought/showed] in the 60 per cent turnout of voters , of whom 97.65 per cent voted `` yes `` .

On March 4 the English-language Tehran Times , which reflected the views of the Iranian government , published an editorial which contained strong backing for the Iraqi rebels .
on march 4 the english-language tehran times , which [thought/showed] the views of the iranian government , published an editorial which contained strong backing for the iraqi rebels .

The judgment reflected a refusal by the court to limit punitive damage awards .
the judgment [thought/showed] a refusal by the court to limit punitive damage awards .

Observers suggested that the election reflected widespread disillusionment with traditional party politics .
observers suggested that the election [thought/showed] widespread disillusionment with traditional party politics .

When the issue finally came to a vote in the form of the February 1992 resolution , it reflected the bitterly partisan nature of the debate , with no Republican voting for the measure and 34 Democrats opposing it .
when the issue finally came to a vote in the form of the february 1992 resolution , it [thought/showed] the bitterly partisan nature of the debate , with no republican voting for the measure and 34 democrats opposing it .

This reflected the boycotting of elections by all but one faction of the Akali Dal and the threat of violence by Sikh militants .
this [thought/showed] the boycotting of elections by all but one faction of the akali dal and the threat of violence by sikh militants .

These configurations reflected shifting alliances among the various political groups and figures [ for the earlier emergence of likely candidates and their background see p. 38728 ] .
these configurations [thought/showed] shifting alliances among the various political groups and figures [ for the earlier emergence of likely candidates and their background see p. 38728 ] .

Designed to establish contact with Poland 's new government , the visit reflected improved Polish-German relations .
designed to establish contact with poland 's new government , the visit [thought/showed] improved polish-german relations .

It reflected growing concern about the level of spending on congressional election campaigns .
it [thought/showed] growing concern about the level of spending on congressional election campaigns .

The Cabinet reshuffle reflected little significant change in the policies of Roh Tae Woo , although some observers considered it indicative of his desire to make greater efforts to sustain and develop the recent dialogue with North Korea .
the cabinet reshuffle [thought/showed] little significant change in the policies of roh tae woo , although some observers considered it indicative of his desire to make greater efforts to sustain and develop the recent dialogue with north korea .

The protocol reflected the continuing shift in favour of environmental protection , while recognizing the extent of differences which remained .
the protocol [thought/showed] the continuing shift in favour of environmental protection , while recognizing the extent of differences which remained .

Lini 's increasing insecurity was reflected in his decision in late 1990 to assume responsibility for several key Cabinet portfolios , and his dismissal of Finance Minister Molisa in early 1991 .
lini 's increasing insecurity was [thought/showed] in his decision in late 1990 to assume responsibility for several key cabinet portfolios , and his dismissal of finance minister molisa in early 1991 .

Its poor showing in the November 1990 mid-term elections reflected its recent crisis of identity , following the departure of Reagan , the collapse of Eastern European communism , the revival of the abortion rights movement , and the budget debacle — including the abandonment of Bush 's commitment not to raise taxes .
its poor showing in the november 1990 mid-term elections [thought/showed] its recent crisis of identity , following the departure of reagan , the collapse of eastern european communism , the revival of the abortion rights movement , and the budget debacle — including the abandonment of bush 's commitment not to raise taxes .

The Israeli Labour government 's resort to harsh collective punishment tactics reflected its anxiety over a recent increase in guerrilla activities by Palestinian supporters of the Islamic Resistance Movement ( Hamas ) .
the israeli labour government 's resort to harsh collective punishment tactics [thought/showed] its anxiety over a recent increase in guerrilla activities by palestinian supporters of the islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) .

The attack reflected the recent increase in the use of arms in the intifada .
the attack [thought/showed] the recent increase in the use of arms in the intifada .

The announcement immediately heightened the political tension in the country and led to speculation that Cristiani 's stance now reflected the views of extreme right-wing elements in the army and in his own Nationalist Republican Alliance ( Arena ) party .
the announcement immediately heightened the political tension in the country and led to speculation that cristiani 's stance now [thought/showed] the views of extreme right-wing elements in the army and in his own nationalist republican alliance ( arena ) party .

Commentators believed that the results reflected popular anger about the economic crisis , in particular the fuel shortage [ see p. 39110 ] , and growing disenchantment with Landsbergis 's tactics of confrontation with Russia and persistent anti-communist propaganda at home .
commentators believed that the results [thought/showed] popular anger about the economic crisis , in particular the fuel shortage [ see p. 39110 ] , and growing disenchantment with landsbergis 's tactics of confrontation with russia and persistent anti-communist propaganda at home .

President Juvénal Habyarimana announced on Feb. 4 a Cabinet reshuffle which featured new Defence , Interior and Justice Ministers , and which according official sources reflected concern about rebel activity .
president juvénal habyarimana announced on feb. 4 a cabinet reshuffle which featured new defence , interior and justice ministers , and which according official sources [thought/showed] concern about rebel activity .

Darman stated that the size of the 1991 deficit reflected ( i ) an increase of $105,500 million in estimated outlays to help pay off debts resulting from the collapse of savings and loans institutions , or " thrifts " [ see pp. 36843 ; 37412 ] ; and ( ii ) a decline of $87,000 million in estimated receipts resulting from a weaker than expected economy .
darman stated that the size of the 1991 deficit [thought/showed] ( i ) an increase of $105,500 million in estimated outlays to help pay off debts resulting from the collapse of savings and loans institutions , or " thrifts " [ see pp. 36843 ; 37412 ] ; and ( ii ) a decline of $87,000 million in estimated receipts resulting from a weaker than expected economy .

In each of the three houses of Parliament there is a Ministers ' Council , each chamber having separate responsibility for the affairs of the population group it represents ( including housing , social welfare , health and education ) , while joint parliamentary responsibility is taken for `` general `` or national affairs ( including foreign policy , defence , finance and law and order ) , each of these functions at national level being reflected in a portfolio in the Cabinet itself .
in each of the three houses of parliament there is a ministers ' council , each chamber having separate responsibility for the affairs of the population group it represents ( including housing , social welfare , health and education ) , while joint parliamentary responsibility is taken for `` general `` or national affairs ( including foreign policy , defence , finance and law and order ) , each of these functions at national level being [thought/showed] in a portfolio in the cabinet itself .

Policy statements on the elderly have similarly reflected the view that old age is associated with an irreversible decline into disability and dependency regardless of differences in income , class , gender and race which significantly affect the experience of ageing .
policy statements on the elderly have similarly [thought/showed] the view that old age is associated with an irreversible decline into disability and dependency regardless of differences in income , class , gender and race which significantly affect the experience of ageing .

Relations were more adversarial in the other district but this reflected longer-term problems .
relations were more adversarial in the other district but this [thought/showed] longer-term problems .

This in turn reflected an insular culture , a product of the district 's remote position on the periphery of the region .
this in turn [thought/showed] an insular culture , a product of the district 's remote position on the periphery of the region .

In simple terms it covers the beliefs , values and assumptions which shape behaviour in organisations and are reflected ( perhaps imperfectly ) in structures and processes .
in simple terms it covers the beliefs , values and assumptions which shape behaviour in organisations and are [thought/showed] ( perhaps imperfectly ) in structures and processes .

The poor quality of nineteenth century working class housing , particularly that occupied by lower paid workers , reflected the significant gap between the cost of decent accommodation and the price that many workers could afford to pay .
the poor quality of nineteenth century working class housing , particularly that occupied by lower paid workers , [thought/showed] the significant gap between the cost of decent accommodation and the price that many workers could afford to pay .

Because of changes in society in general , and in the student and academic population in particular , bias has become a major issue in academic writing ( reflected for example in current arguments over `` political correctness `` ) . ``
because of changes in society in general , and in the student and academic population in particular , bias has become a major issue in academic writing ( [thought/showed] for example in current arguments over `` political correctness `` ) . ``

The company recognises it owes its status as a major world force in fast food to the quality of its products and the quality of its franchisees . This is reflected in the guiding principles of the franchise :
the company recognises it owes its status as a major world force in fast food to the quality of its products and the quality of its franchisees . this is [thought/showed] in the guiding principles of the franchise :

As long ago as 1915 Scott published the first research on interviews showing that 6 personnel managers could not agree about a common set of applicants , a finding that has been replicated innumerable times and will be reflected in the personal experience of most interviewers .
as long ago as 1915 scott published the first research on interviews showing that 6 personnel managers could not agree about a common set of applicants , a finding that has been replicated innumerable times and will be [thought/showed] in the personal experience of most interviewers .

The Caribbean continuum , as it has been theorised by De Camp , Alleyne and others , is dependent on the existence of social stratification which is directly reflected through language .
the caribbean continuum , as it has been theorised by de camp , alleyne and others , is dependent on the existence of social stratification which is directly [thought/showed] through language .

But de Gaulle 's decision reflected his sense of priorities .
but de gaulle 's decision [thought/showed] his sense of priorities .

As the euphoria had gone along with an irrational faith in the Gaullist saviour , so the deepening disillusionment of 1945 , essentially an adjustment to reality , was reflected in a desanctification of the saviour figure .
as the euphoria had gone along with an irrational faith in the gaullist saviour , so the deepening disillusionment of 1945 , essentially an adjustment to reality , was [thought/showed] in a desanctification of the saviour figure .

The urgency and decisiveness with which he moved over the following six months contrasted markedly with his tentative performance in the post-liberation period and obviously reflected the hard lessons that he had learned .
the urgency and decisiveness with which he moved over the following six months contrasted markedly with his tentative performance in the post-liberation period and obviously [thought/showed] the hard lessons that he had learned .

It was reflected in the four great powers that the constitution gave the president : to appoint and accept the resignation of the prime minister ( which in practice also came to mean dismiss the prime minister ) ; to dissolve the National Assembly ; to submit important constitutional issues to a popular referendum ; and to exercise supreme power in a national crisis .
it was [thought/showed] in the four great powers that the constitution gave the president : to appoint and accept the resignation of the prime minister ( which in practice also came to mean dismiss the prime minister ) ; to dissolve the national assembly ; to submit important constitutional issues to a popular referendum ; and to exercise supreme power in a national crisis .

This bureaucratic initiative apparently reflected a new impatience in de Gaulle 's attitude towards the problem .
this bureaucratic initiative apparently [thought/showed] a new impatience in de gaulle 's attitude towards the problem .

He was suspicious of the bipolar system , which , in his view , increasingly reflected nothing more than the national interests of the two superpowers .
he was suspicious of the bipolar system , which , in his view , increasingly [thought/showed] nothing more than the national interests of the two superpowers .

It was , of course , the case that his decisions , like anyone else 's , reflected ideological presuppositions and bureaucratic and political constraints .
it was , of course , the case that his decisions , like anyone else 's , [thought/showed] ideological presuppositions and bureaucratic and political constraints .

In part this was a reflection of the great strain on small financial resources which building , maintaining and perhaps in time enlarging workhouses imposed , but it also reflected the greater difficulty in an effective and controlled administration of out-relief in the more anonymous and densely populated towns .
in part this was a reflection of the great strain on small financial resources which building , maintaining and perhaps in time enlarging workhouses imposed , but it also [thought/showed] the greater difficulty in an effective and controlled administration of out-relief in the more anonymous and densely populated towns .

Exchange rate uncertainty persists and is reflected in the observed interest rate differential .
exchange rate uncertainty persists and is [thought/showed] in the observed interest rate differential .

Therefore , they are slow to respond to market changes as reflected by movements in relative prices .
therefore , they are slow to respond to market changes as [thought/showed] by movements in relative prices .

This uncertainty about lexical identity which is reflected in the acoustic scores , means that , even when a good heuristic estimate is used , an admissible algorithm will proceed breadth-first on a large front .
this uncertainty about lexical identity which is [thought/showed] in the acoustic scores , means that , even when a good heuristic estimate is used , an admissible algorithm will proceed breadth-first on a large front .

The brevity , or , rather , the efficiency , of French fabliau narrative is reflected by the typical forms of characterization in these tales .
the brevity , or , rather , the efficiency , of french fabliau narrative is [thought/showed] by the typical forms of characterization in these tales .

This appears to be reflected in the character of the Anglo-Norman fabliaux , which — small though their number is and therefore a rather unreliable basis for generalizations — tend to concentrate upon the adventures of knightly characters , and to develop the characters they contain in terms which , however facile , represent the aristocratic or courtly ethos : characters are frequently identified as `` `` bel `` `` , `` fine `` , for instance , and given `` noble `` motives for their actions , such as the lady of Un Chevalier , sa dame et un clerc , who , superficially at least , gives herself to the clerk as an act of pity , in order to avoid his dying of his `` `` maladie `` `` of love .
this appears to be [thought/showed] in the character of the anglo-norman fabliaux , which — small though their number is and therefore a rather unreliable basis for generalizations — tend to concentrate upon the adventures of knightly characters , and to develop the characters they contain in terms which , however facile , represent the aristocratic or courtly ethos : characters are frequently identified as `` `` bel `` `` , `` fine `` , for instance , and given `` noble `` motives for their actions , such as the lady of un chevalier , sa dame et un clerc , who , superficially at least , gives herself to the clerk as an act of pity , in order to avoid his dying of his `` `` maladie `` `` of love .

In the Italian analogues the wife 's punishment is her realization that she has been tricked , and the implication that her `` lover `` did not consider her worth spending his own money on ; there , this is reflected by the wife 's helplessness when the trick is sprung — quite the opposite of what we have in the Shipman 's Tale .
in the italian analogues the wife 's punishment is her realization that she has been tricked , and the implication that her `` lover `` did not consider her worth spending his own money on ; there , this is [thought/showed] by the wife 's helplessness when the trick is sprung — quite the opposite of what we have in the shipman 's tale .

The carpenter 's sincere love for his wife is , however , reflected in his subsequent actions ( i.e .
the carpenter 's sincere love for his wife is , however , [thought/showed] in his subsequent actions ( i.e .

Social dumping expresses the concern that employment will be lost in those states whose higher social standards are reflected in higher average labour costs .
social dumping expresses the concern that employment will be lost in those states whose higher social standards are [thought/showed] in higher average labour costs .

With the movement towards fixed exchange rates and ultimately a single currency , differences in labour productivity between member states will have to be reflected in differing real wage levels .
with the movement towards fixed exchange rates and ultimately a single currency , differences in labour productivity between member states will have to be [thought/showed] in differing real wage levels .

Statistical analysis of a sample of the 1979 entry cohort to Lancaster University indicates that the likelihood of non-completion is determined by various characteristics the main ones being the students academic ability reflected by A-level results , work experience prior to coming to university , school background and the location of home in relation to the university .
statistical analysis of a sample of the 1979 entry cohort to lancaster university indicates that the likelihood of non-completion is determined by various characteristics the main ones being the students academic ability [thought/showed] by a-level results , work experience prior to coming to university , school background and the location of home in relation to the university .

Johnes ' main conclusion was that raising the academic requirements for entry into university may not be the most appropriate method for reducing wastage rates , since the academic ability required to succeed at university is clearly imperfectly reflected by the results of school examinations . Further there are several non-academic characteristics which are also highly significant determinants of wastage , and even when all academic and non-academic characteristics are taken into account , the degree of certainty with which potential non-graduates can be predicted is still small
johnes ' main conclusion was that raising the academic requirements for entry into university may not be the most appropriate method for reducing wastage rates , since the academic ability required to succeed at university is clearly imperfectly [thought/showed] by the results of school examinations . further there are several non-academic characteristics which are also highly significant determinants of wastage , and even when all academic and non-academic characteristics are taken into account , the degree of certainty with which potential non-graduates can be predicted is still small

The dual organization of the Roman army reflected of course the dual organization of the Roman state .
the dual organization of the roman army [thought/showed] of course the dual organization of the roman state .

The moon was hidden by clouds and the street-lights reflected yellow on the pavement , damp from the spray and earlier showers .
the moon was hidden by clouds and the street-lights [thought/showed] yellow on the pavement , damp from the spray and earlier showers .

Tonight , wherever she looked she saw herself reflected and transformed , her face shining as though she had quite suddenly woken up after a long sleep , filled with lovely dreams .
tonight , wherever she looked she saw herself [thought/showed] and transformed , her face shining as though she had quite suddenly woken up after a long sleep , filled with lovely dreams .

Here was a creative writer of great historical importance in vernacular Italian , as also in neo-Latin ; one who played a crucial role in the promulgating of manuscripts of lost classical texts which embodied the ancient culture and could propagate that culture anew in his own time ; whose creative writing variously reflected the new access to ancient literature ; and whose overall achievement helped to ensure that classical scholarship , in its work of reclaiming the ancient world , became not merely a prestigious activity , but a central and formative activity in contemporary culture as a whole .
here was a creative writer of great historical importance in vernacular italian , as also in neo-latin ; one who played a crucial role in the promulgating of manuscripts of lost classical texts which embodied the ancient culture and could propagate that culture anew in his own time ; whose creative writing variously [thought/showed] the new access to ancient literature ; and whose overall achievement helped to ensure that classical scholarship , in its work of reclaiming the ancient world , became not merely a prestigious activity , but a central and formative activity in contemporary culture as a whole .

He stressed first how important it had been to him to get to know Wagner 's philosophy of music and that his own `` Dionysiac Philosophy `` reflected that debt .
he stressed first how important it had been to him to get to know wagner 's philosophy of music and that his own `` dionysiac philosophy `` [thought/showed] that debt .

`` All the fish respond to the manoeuvres of the alpha fish , `` said Fielding , his valved face reflected in the glass . ``
`` all the fish respond to the manoeuvres of the alpha fish , `` said fielding , his valved face [thought/showed] in the glass . ``

An optometrist can calculate the strength of glasses a person needs by judging the light reflected back from the retina .
an optometrist can calculate the strength of glasses a person needs by judging the light [thought/showed] back from the retina .

The church is reflected in the water The trees are `` `` `` `` The flowers are under the trees The trees are both sides of the river The path is along the right bank of the river The church is on the right side of the river The church is in the distance Paragraph : The picture is of a river with trees on both sides , and with flowerbeds under the trees .
the church is [thought/showed] in the water the trees are `` `` `` `` the flowers are under the trees the trees are both sides of the river the path is along the right bank of the river the church is on the right side of the river the church is in the distance paragraph : the picture is of a river with trees on both sides , and with flowerbeds under the trees .

Principles are like the moon that can be reflected in a thousand pools — if we choose to look in the right direction into a pool .
principles are like the moon that can be [thought/showed] in a thousand pools — if we choose to look in the right direction into a pool .

Corporations are not very good at picking up things that are wrong unless they are reflected directly in the sales figures .
corporations are not very good at picking up things that are wrong unless they are [thought/showed] directly in the sales figures .

If she had been , she might have reflected that the Thames at low tide symbolises lost opportunities , the failures that are inseparable from other people 's successes , the blank misery that is too often the other face of the coin of commerce .
if she had been , she might have [thought/showed] that the thames at low tide symbolises lost opportunities , the failures that are inseparable from other people 's successes , the blank misery that is too often the other face of the coin of commerce .

This change of properties of a chain from the restricted rotations imposed by energy barriers to the freedom of unrestricted rotation is reflected in the mass by the phenomenon of the glass-to-rubber transition or glass transition s it is commonly termed .
this change of properties of a chain from the restricted rotations imposed by energy barriers to the freedom of unrestricted rotation is [thought/showed] in the mass by the phenomenon of the glass-to-rubber transition or glass transition s it is commonly termed .

The reflected signal is studied as a function of frequency and the resonant frequency , together with higher orders , is then measured .
the [thought/showed] signal is studied as a function of frequency and the resonant frequency , together with higher orders , is then measured .

In the second session they reflected on how they could be a ‘ John the Baptist ’ for those of their own age group within the diocese and also in their parish . Again , they were acutely aware of the need to be happy , genuine human beings i.e.
in the second session they [thought/showed] on how they could be a ‘ john the baptist ’ for those of their own age group within the diocese and also in their parish . again , they were acutely aware of the need to be happy , genuine human beings i.e.

Intraoperative studies by Ahn et al showed a good correlation between laser Doppler flowmetry recordings and measurements of total venous outflow in the feline and human small bowel , and provided direct evidence that the measurements reflected blood flow throughout the full thickness of the bowel wall in both species .
intraoperative studies by ahn et al showed a good correlation between laser doppler flowmetry recordings and measurements of total venous outflow in the feline and human small bowel , and provided direct evidence that the measurements [thought/showed] blood flow throughout the full thickness of the bowel wall in both species .

The attitude that you yourself hold towards your jobs in life will be reflected by those with whom you come into contact , either in business or in private life .
the attitude that you yourself hold towards your jobs in life will be [thought/showed] by those with whom you come into contact , either in business or in private life .

The changes in eicosanoids reflected the clinical symptoms ; and we would expect them to be greater in severely symptomatic patients .
the changes in eicosanoids [thought/showed] the clinical symptoms ; and we would expect them to be greater in severely symptomatic patients .

Thus , as neutrophils are normal constituents of blood it would seem possible that the faecal excretion of indium-111 simply reflected non-specific intestinal bleeding or oozing ( for example , vascular injury due to eroding ulcers ) .
thus , as neutrophils are normal constituents of blood it would seem possible that the faecal excretion of indium-111 simply [thought/showed] non-specific intestinal bleeding or oozing ( for example , vascular injury due to eroding ulcers ) .

Thirdly , the improvement in peristaltic amplitudes was associated with a significant increase in the duration of contraction raising the possibility that it simply reflected a response to a degree of obstruction at the level of the lower oesophageal sphincter .
thirdly , the improvement in peristaltic amplitudes was associated with a significant increase in the duration of contraction raising the possibility that it simply [thought/showed] a response to a degree of obstruction at the level of the lower oesophageal sphincter .

This suggests that , besides the residual liver function , the amount of the first variceal haemorrhage as reflected by the transfusion requirements for 72 hours after admission , is a key variable for estimating short term survival .
this suggests that , besides the residual liver function , the amount of the first variceal haemorrhage as [thought/showed] by the transfusion requirements for 72 hours after admission , is a key variable for estimating short term survival .

This was reflected by the increased proportions of the biotransformation products of both cholate and chenodeoxycholic acid seen , and is in accordance with two previous studies .
this was [thought/showed] by the increased proportions of the biotransformation products of both cholate and chenodeoxycholic acid seen , and is in accordance with two previous studies .

Hypoxia , as reflected by reduced arterial oxygen saturation ( SaO 2 ) , is a common occurrence during upper gastrointestinal endoscopy using benzodiazepine sedation and is exacerbated by the coadministration of narcotic agents .
hypoxia , as [thought/showed] by reduced arterial oxygen saturation ( sao 2 ) , is a common occurrence during upper gastrointestinal endoscopy using benzodiazepine sedation and is exacerbated by the coadministration of narcotic agents .

Severe hyposplenism , splenectomy or splenic atrophy may be reflected by the presence in the peripheral blood film of Howell Jolly bodies , acanthocytes and target cells .
severe hyposplenism , splenectomy or splenic atrophy may be [thought/showed] by the presence in the peripheral blood film of howell jolly bodies , acanthocytes and target cells .

Reflected in the mirror he watched a stocky figure enter the bar , there was a hint of a dark uniform collar under the man 's heavy overcoat .
[thought/showed] in the mirror he watched a stocky figure enter the bar , there was a hint of a dark uniform collar under the man 's heavy overcoat .

all that reflected glory might prove dangerous .
all that [thought/showed] glory might prove dangerous .

The Bank noted that the increase in the member-to-member movements in November and December 1986 reflected additional transactions being made through the inter-dealer brokers .
the bank noted that the increase in the member-to-member movements in november and december 1986 [thought/showed] additional transactions being made through the inter-dealer brokers .

Melissa played thoughtfully with her empty coffee mug and reflected on what now seemed the certainty that Rodney Shergold had been having an affair with Angy .
melissa played thoughtfully with her empty coffee mug and [thought/showed] on what now seemed the certainty that rodney shergold had been having an affair with angy .

’ Neither Harris nor Iris , Melissa reflected , had expressed any such view .
’ neither harris nor iris , melissa [thought/showed] , had expressed any such view .

She grabbed her mug of tea , gripping it in both hands and staring down into it with an expression of such misery that one could almost imagine the dead girl 's face reflected in the surface of the liquid .
she grabbed her mug of tea , gripping it in both hands and staring down into it with an expression of such misery that one could almost imagine the dead girl 's face [thought/showed] in the surface of the liquid .

Teaching her all the domestic arts , Melissa reflected , in the hope that she 'd one day end up a housewife and mother in the true Italian tradition .
teaching her all the domestic arts , melissa [thought/showed] , in the hope that she 'd one day end up a housewife and mother in the true italian tradition .

The focus of the discussion was the extent to which the actual Art experiences of the pupils reflected the syllabus : Director of Studies : ‘ What do the kids do in year one ?
the focus of the discussion was the extent to which the actual art experiences of the pupils [thought/showed] the syllabus : director of studies : ‘ what do the kids do in year one ?

It is felt by the Senior Management Team that the number of pupils achieving a very good standard of work which is reflected in high examination results could , in fact , be greater if the department were prepared to expect more of their pupils .
it is felt by the senior management team that the number of pupils achieving a very good standard of work which is [thought/showed] in high examination results could , in fact , be greater if the department were prepared to expect more of their pupils .

However , interest is reflected implicitly in the difference between the discounted issue price and the par value received at maturity .
however , interest is [thought/showed] implicitly in the difference between the discounted issue price and the par value received at maturity .

There are smaller differences between countries for this variable than for the other dependents , and the overall significant correlations are reflected to some extent in all countries except Japan .
there are smaller differences between countries for this variable than for the other dependents , and the overall significant correlations are [thought/showed] to some extent in all countries except japan .

Rowicki 's early training reflected this .
rowicki 's early training [thought/showed] this .

Hong Kong : Receding concern about the situation in China was reflected in the market 's continuing strength , the Hang Seng index posting its fourth successive gain at 2,826.21 , up 23.04 .
hong kong : receding concern about the situation in china was [thought/showed] in the market 's continuing strength , the hang seng index posting its fourth successive gain at 2,826.21 , up 23.04 .

The end of the housing boom was reflected in news of more losses and branch closures among estate agents .
the end of the housing boom was [thought/showed] in news of more losses and branch closures among estate agents .

As delegates left Brighton in self-proclaimed unity and amity , party officials reflected that the week had been , electorally , the most effective Labour conference since the early 1960s .
as delegates left brighton in self-proclaimed unity and amity , party officials [thought/showed] that the week had been , electorally , the most effective labour conference since the early 1960s .

The suppression of trade union and democratic rights by the military authorities is reflected in their attempt to impose a new trade union law in the absence of leaders , thus violating international conventions and agreements , including the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , to which Sudan is a signatory .
the suppression of trade union and democratic rights by the military authorities is [thought/showed] in their attempt to impose a new trade union law in the absence of leaders , thus violating international conventions and agreements , including the universal declaration of human rights , to which sudan is a signatory .

Their place in a group dominated by the Catholics no doubt reflected the regent 's desire for consent from Catholic and protestant alike ; and as yet she saw little reason to fear the Protestants , who must still have seemed to her far less of a threat than the strong Huguenot party in France .
their place in a group dominated by the catholics no doubt [thought/showed] the regent 's desire for consent from catholic and protestant alike ; and as yet she saw little reason to fear the protestants , who must still have seemed to her far less of a threat than the strong huguenot party in france .

This bounty was reflected in the Gasthof Löwen 's wine list on which there were eleven local wines .
this bounty was [thought/showed] in the gasthof löwen 's wine list on which there were eleven local wines .

While waiting for the bath to fill , she reflected on a fragmentary dream which , thanks to Dmitri , had surfaced in her memory .
while waiting for the bath to fill , she [thought/showed] on a fragmentary dream which , thanks to dmitri , had surfaced in her memory .

He was in a black hole , reflected Masha .
he was in a black hole , [thought/showed] masha .

Only now , he reflected , was he beginning to feel really secure .
only now , he [thought/showed] , was he beginning to feel really secure .

Fru Møller , who resented the embargo on her taste within the house , and frequently complained of the frustration she endured at having to maintain the past in all its detail , enjoyed the discipline the White Garden imposed , the contacts that it brought her in the gardening world , and the admiration its unusual beauty reflected upon her .
fru møller , who resented the embargo on her taste within the house , and frequently complained of the frustration she endured at having to maintain the past in all its detail , enjoyed the discipline the white garden imposed , the contacts that it brought her in the gardening world , and the admiration its unusual beauty [thought/showed] upon her .

As the final chimes faded , Daniel raised himself on one elbow and started to outline with his finger the pattern of reflected leaves that decorated Elisabeth 's body .
as the final chimes faded , daniel raised himself on one elbow and started to outline with his finger the pattern of [thought/showed] leaves that decorated elisabeth 's body .

In 1937 the Congregationalist Albert Peel reflected on the late Victorian and Edwardian periods : ‘ Ministers who began their pastorates in the twenty years before the war look back in amazement at sermons they then preached , with their acceptance of the inevitability of progress .
in 1937 the congregationalist albert peel [thought/showed] on the late victorian and edwardian periods : ‘ ministers who began their pastorates in the twenty years before the war look back in amazement at sermons they then preached , with their acceptance of the inevitability of progress .

They participated more fully in the intellectual and political life of their time — some argued that they participated too much — and reflected their society 's values , again , perhaps , too much if the criticisms of the ‘ social gospel ’ were accepted .
they participated more fully in the intellectual and political life of their time — some argued that they participated too much — and [thought/showed] their society 's values , again , perhaps , too much if the criticisms of the ‘ social gospel ’ were accepted .

The Catechism was considerably in advance of the thinking of average Nonconformists in England and Wales and reflected more the thinking of the self-appointed leaders than the followers ; this was especially the case in the section on the church in which it emphatically taught the existence of a visible Christian Church and not an invisible ‘ union ’ of believers , a very ‘ high ’ doctrine .
the catechism was considerably in advance of the thinking of average nonconformists in england and wales and [thought/showed] more the thinking of the self-appointed leaders than the followers ; this was especially the case in the section on the church in which it emphatically taught the existence of a visible christian church and not an invisible ‘ union ’ of believers , a very ‘ high ’ doctrine .

Oliver Wendell Holmes , the product of a Boston culture based on Puritanism , reflected on these changes after an 1886 visit to England .
oliver wendell holmes , the product of a boston culture based on puritanism , [thought/showed] on these changes after an 1886 visit to england .

‘ Does n't help much , though , ’ reflected Sam .
‘ does n't help much , though , ’ [thought/showed] sam .

‘ Seems to me folk managed all right when there were n't any machines , ’ reflected Jackie .
‘ seems to me folk managed all right when there were n't any machines , ’ [thought/showed] jackie .

With her hair loose on her shoulders and a reflected miniature candle flame dancing in each pupil , she looked like a beautiful wild beast out of a poem Sam had heard once , a ‘ Tyger , Tyger , burning bright ’ .
with her hair loose on her shoulders and a [thought/showed] miniature candle flame dancing in each pupil , she looked like a beautiful wild beast out of a poem sam had heard once , a ‘ tyger , tyger , burning bright ’ .

Energy radiating from one focus is reflected by a hyperbola as if to radiate from the other focus .
energy radiating from one focus is [thought/showed] by a hyperbola as if to radiate from the other focus .

In its early phase it reflected broad Catholic opinion which wanted acceptance as full citizens of the North and had some liberal Unionist support .
in its early phase it [thought/showed] broad catholic opinion which wanted acceptance as full citizens of the north and had some liberal unionist support .

Watching him with his burden , Wilson reflected it was as though he cradled a shadow in his arms .
watching him with his burden , wilson [thought/showed] it was as though he cradled a shadow in his arms .

Nothing and no one was safe , least of all Mrs Browning , and as she reflected on this a sense of futility overwhelmed her .
nothing and no one was safe , least of all mrs browning , and as she [thought/showed] on this a sense of futility overwhelmed her .

Though they were the inexhaustible propagandists of the ‘ Führer myth ’ , the Party functionaries were unable to bask in the reflected glow of Hitler 's own popularity .
though they were the inexhaustible propagandists of the ‘ führer myth ’ , the party functionaries were unable to bask in the [thought/showed] glow of hitler 's own popularity .

Inside the Reich , worrying stories leaked out about the mentally ill and incurably sick being gassed in asylums ; the regime 's anti-Christian thrust was unmistakable again in the reopened struggle with , especially , the Catholic Church ; and attacks on the conservative forces in army and State , and the defamation of civil servants and judges , reflected the strengthening of the forces of naked power and repression as ordered administration and the remnants of the constitutional State were undermined by the expanding network of the Security Police .
inside the reich , worrying stories leaked out about the mentally ill and incurably sick being gassed in asylums ; the regime 's anti-christian thrust was unmistakable again in the reopened struggle with , especially , the catholic church ; and attacks on the conservative forces in army and state , and the defamation of civil servants and judges , [thought/showed] the strengthening of the forces of naked power and repression as ordered administration and the remnants of the constitutional state were undermined by the expanding network of the security police .

Two months later , the growing recognition of the terrible price people were paying for their belief in Hitler — that the ‘ hope of millions ’ had become Germany 's ruin — was reflected in bitter allusions to the Führer 's ‘ mission ’ .
two months later , the growing recognition of the terrible price people were paying for their belief in hitler — that the ‘ hope of millions ’ had become germany 's ruin — was [thought/showed] in bitter allusions to the führer 's ‘ mission ’ .

This was , for example , undoubtedly the effect of the plebiscites staged in 1933 , 1934 , 1936 , and 1938 , in which the massive acclamation , though the product of intense propaganda and coercion and obviously in no sense a true reflection of the state of opinion , nevertheless reflected genuine widespread approval and admiration for Hitler 's accomplishments and persuaded waverers to fall in line .
this was , for example , undoubtedly the effect of the plebiscites staged in 1933 , 1934 , 1936 , and 1938 , in which the massive acclamation , though the product of intense propaganda and coercion and obviously in no sense a true reflection of the state of opinion , nevertheless [thought/showed] genuine widespread approval and admiration for hitler 's accomplishments and persuaded waverers to fall in line .

The socio-economic problems in West Germany as elsewhere have given rise to an inevitable resurgence of hostility towards ethnic and other minorities , and have put some pressure on the political system itself ( reflected in the emergence of the part ecological , part anti-nuclear , part general social protest ‘ Green Party ’ ) .
the socio-economic problems in west germany as elsewhere have given rise to an inevitable resurgence of hostility towards ethnic and other minorities , and have put some pressure on the political system itself ( [thought/showed] in the emergence of the part ecological , part anti-nuclear , part general social protest ‘ green party ’ ) .

The age of organ-building goes back at least to Louis the Pious , for whom a Venetian priest called George built an organ at Aachen in 826 , and it is reflected in the lively illustrations of organs in the Utrecht Psalter , a Reims manuscript of about 830 .
the age of organ-building goes back at least to louis the pious , for whom a venetian priest called george built an organ at aachen in 826 , and it is [thought/showed] in the lively illustrations of organs in the utrecht psalter , a reims manuscript of about 830 .

Kylie , based in the opulent comfort of London 's St James 's Club , favourite hunt of Hollywood superstars like Clint Eastwood , was everywhere it seemed that summer — and the record sales reflected it around the world .
kylie , based in the opulent comfort of london 's st james 's club , favourite hunt of hollywood superstars like clint eastwood , was everywhere it seemed that summer — and the record sales [thought/showed] it around the world .

She wanted clothes which reflected the 19th century Australian outlaw 's wild and woolly look , and hired the latest member of her design team , Ian McMaugh , to provide it .
she wanted clothes which [thought/showed] the 19th century australian outlaw 's wild and woolly look , and hired the latest member of her design team , ian mcmaugh , to provide it .

Soft lights glowed on the mountains as if reflected from stained glass .
soft lights glowed on the mountains as if [thought/showed] from stained glass .

In Kufra the police and , so far as it is possible to know , the secret police , were all Kufrans ; in Ajdabiya the officers reflected the tribal composition of the local population ( although their deputy chief was an outsider on temporary assignment for a few years ) .
in kufra the police and , so far as it is possible to know , the secret police , were all kufrans ; in ajdabiya the officers [thought/showed] the tribal composition of the local population ( although their deputy chief was an outsider on temporary assignment for a few years ) .

One Kufran shopkeeper stocked as many blank as recorded cassettes in the period before Western recordings became scarce , but it is difficult to say with certainty that his practice reflected sound commercial sense .
one kufran shopkeeper stocked as many blank as recorded cassettes in the period before western recordings became scarce , but it is difficult to say with certainty that his practice [thought/showed] sound commercial sense .

In this respect at least , the procedures reflected those of a lineage or tribal meeting of elders and shaikhs .
in this respect at least , the procedures [thought/showed] those of a lineage or tribal meeting of elders and shaikhs .

Nonetheless , in the late 1970s it was easy to see the divisions of Zuwaya into sections and lineages reflected in the street map of Ajdabiya , much as the oases of Kufra or Tazarbu were subdivided into tribal territories .
nonetheless , in the late 1970s it was easy to see the divisions of zuwaya into sections and lineages [thought/showed] in the street map of ajdabiya , much as the oases of kufra or tazarbu were subdivided into tribal territories .

She had discarded it several years ago , as being much fuller than she really liked , but everything came into its own , she reflected , for every article purchased she took pride in finding an eventual use .
she had discarded it several years ago , as being much fuller than she really liked , but everything came into its own , she [thought/showed] , for every article purchased she took pride in finding an eventual use .

He married a bishop 's daughter and , appropriately , they live in St Albans , in a house that is handy for the local Romanesque cathedral , which David French boasts he can see when he is lying in the bath and , while he is shaving , reflected in the mirror .
he married a bishop 's daughter and , appropriately , they live in st albans , in a house that is handy for the local romanesque cathedral , which david french boasts he can see when he is lying in the bath and , while he is shaving , [thought/showed] in the mirror .

John Gross on ‘ Pygmalion ’ , ‘ Reflected Glory ’ and ‘ The Beggar 's Opera ’
john gross on ‘ pygmalion ’ , ‘ [thought/showed] glory ’ and ‘ the beggar 's opera ’

Ronald Harwood 's Reflected Glory , at the Vaudeville Theatre , is the tale of two brothers from Manchester who have come south to seek their fortune .
ronald harwood 's [thought/showed] glory , at the vaudeville theatre , is the tale of two brothers from manchester who have come south to seek their fortune .

Whose side are we supposed to be on ? Is Alfred doomed to survive only in the reflected glory of Michael 's reputation , or is Michael 's writing merely a pale reflection of Alfred 's extrovert figure ? ( Alfred has a robust appetite for life ; Michael is mollycoddled and plagued with gastritis . )
whose side are we supposed to be on ? is alfred doomed to survive only in the [thought/showed] glory of michael 's reputation , or is michael 's writing merely a pale reflection of alfred 's extrovert figure ? ( alfred has a robust appetite for life ; michael is mollycoddled and plagued with gastritis . )

The rise of this agronomist and sometime television presenter reflected the frustration of the electorate with Peru 's traditional parties , which had brought economic disaster , terrorist violence and rampant corruption .
the rise of this agronomist and sometime television presenter [thought/showed] the frustration of the electorate with peru 's traditional parties , which had brought economic disaster , terrorist violence and rampant corruption .

For all the outward show of confidence among Tory front-men there was a real concern that the polls accurately reflected an anti-government mood and a disenchantment after 13 years of Tory rule .
for all the outward show of confidence among tory front-men there was a real concern that the polls accurately [thought/showed] an anti-government mood and a disenchantment after 13 years of tory rule .

Their campaign reflected the uncertainties and weakness that led the Financial Times to back Labour .
their campaign [thought/showed] the uncertainties and weakness that led the financial times to back labour .

But some of the reporting reflected their genuine anxieties that the polls were right .
but some of the reporting [thought/showed] their genuine anxieties that the polls were right .

This was reflected in the cabaret .
this was [thought/showed] in the cabaret .

The campaign 's apparent failures not only caused tensions in Central Office , they were reflected in the polls .
the campaign 's apparent failures not only caused tensions in central office , they were [thought/showed] in the polls .

The shyness , of course , is not reflected in his play , where a dominant character craves for success .
the shyness , of course , is not [thought/showed] in his play , where a dominant character craves for success .

The shyness , of course , is not reflected in his play , where a dominant character craves for success .
the shyness , of course , is not [thought/showed] in his play , where a dominant character craves for success .

By the early 1970s the struggle was over , and the decline in the Chiefs of Staff 's activity and influence in national affairs was soon being reflected in the steady drop in the frequency of their meetings .
by the early 1970s the struggle was over , and the decline in the chiefs of staff 's activity and influence in national affairs was soon being [thought/showed] in the steady drop in the frequency of their meetings .

The Marine Mammals Protection Act was passed in New Zealand in 1978 , and reflected a growing public awareness of the need to provide for the conservation of the country 's marine mammals , which had been ruthlessly slaughtered during both the nineteenth and twentieth centuries .
the marine mammals protection act was passed in new zealand in 1978 , and [thought/showed] a growing public awareness of the need to provide for the conservation of the country 's marine mammals , which had been ruthlessly slaughtered during both the nineteenth and twentieth centuries .

Similarly , via the intermediary of reflected light rays , interaction between the corpuscles of gold and those of our eyes produces in us the idea of yellowness .
similarly , via the intermediary of [thought/showed] light rays , interaction between the corpuscles of gold and those of our eyes produces in us the idea of yellowness .

After Gower won the toss and put them in , West Indies had a good first day as Haynes made a patient 84 and Richardson his second successive century ; 269 for 2 at the close reflected the lack of life that Botham and Thomas had been able to extract from the pitch and the catches that had gone .
after gower won the toss and put them in , west indies had a good first day as haynes made a patient 84 and richardson his second successive century ; 269 for 2 at the close [thought/showed] the lack of life that botham and thomas had been able to extract from the pitch and the catches that had gone .

These early letters to Helen are now lost and are merely reflected in her long replies from Margate and Rotherfield .
these early letters to helen are now lost and are merely [thought/showed] in her long replies from margate and rotherfield .

Apart from Dickens , their prose reading reflected the radical attitudes of their Unitarian upbringing : Hazlitt , Carlyle , Cobbett , Ruskin , and William Morris besides numerous progressive pamphlets .
apart from dickens , their prose reading [thought/showed] the radical attitudes of their unitarian upbringing : hazlitt , carlyle , cobbett , ruskin , and william morris besides numerous progressive pamphlets .

Jane reflected that if she 'd been enormous , with masses of stomach and bust up front , Lajos might have thought twice about bashing her .
jane [thought/showed] that if she 'd been enormous , with masses of stomach and bust up front , lajos might have thought twice about bashing her .

Curious how the same thought had struck him , McLeish reflected , as he looked properly round the warm , untidy comfort of Miss Williams ‘ s sitting-room , which smelled cheerfully of woodsmoke and wet dog .
curious how the same thought had struck him , mcleish [thought/showed] , as he looked properly round the warm , untidy comfort of miss williams ‘ s sitting-room , which smelled cheerfully of woodsmoke and wet dog .

She sounded like Francesca when she talked about Yeo Davis , McLeish reflected .
she sounded like francesca when she talked about yeo davis , mcleish [thought/showed] .

McLeish reflected that Giles Hawick was the classic example of someone who knew what they wanted and did n't mess around , and that that was what had attracted Francis Morgan 's daughter .
mcleish [thought/showed] that giles hawick was the classic example of someone who knew what they wanted and did n't mess around , and that that was what had attracted francis morgan 's daughter .

McLeish reflected uncomfortably that he would have to be very circumspect in his dealings with Catherine , with this beady-eyed observer around the place .
mcleish [thought/showed] uncomfortably that he would have to be very circumspect in his dealings with catherine , with this beady-eyed observer around the place .

The public mood was one of anger and frustration and that mood was fully reflected in the House of Commons .
the public mood was one of anger and frustration and that mood was fully [thought/showed] in the house of commons .

He scheduled the announcement of his chancellor-candidacy for March 19th on the assumption that he would bask in the reflected glory of a victory by the East German Social Democrats the day before .
he scheduled the announcement of his chancellor-candidacy for march 19th on the assumption that he would bask in the [thought/showed] glory of a victory by the east german social democrats the day before .

These conflicts are reflected in opinion polls .
these conflicts are [thought/showed] in opinion polls .

In 1974 the Iraqis came up with a detailed law for the autonomous area that was far more restrictive than the 1970 agreement and in no way reflected its accommodating spirit .
in 1974 the iraqis came up with a detailed law for the autonomous area that was far more restrictive than the 1970 agreement and in no way [thought/showed] its accommodating spirit .

The seller , if he is to receive cash or debt securities rather than shares , would want a price that reflected as fully as possible the value to the buyer of creating a monopoly ( and thus the lost chance for the seller to do it himself ) .
the seller , if he is to receive cash or debt securities rather than shares , would want a price that [thought/showed] as fully as possible the value to the buyer of creating a monopoly ( and thus the lost chance for the seller to do it himself ) .

But this has yet to be reflected in policy .
but this has yet to be [thought/showed] in policy .

Its tax bill , but for the special rules , would not have reflected that — which suggests the gap was a real one .
its tax bill , but for the special rules , would not have [thought/showed] that — which suggests the gap was a real one .

Although bakery closures by the Mothers Pride , Mr Kipling and Bisto purveyor were reflected in slightly lower sales in this area , turnover was 7 per cent ahead at £1.79billion .
although bakery closures by the mothers pride , mr kipling and bisto purveyor were [thought/showed] in slightly lower sales in this area , turnover was 7 per cent ahead at £1.79billion .

Although bakery closures by the Mothers Pride , Mr Kipling and Bisto purveyor were reflected in slightly lower sales in this area , turnover was 7 per cent ahead at £1.79billion .
although bakery closures by the mothers pride , mr kipling and bisto purveyor were [thought/showed] in slightly lower sales in this area , turnover was 7 per cent ahead at £1.79billion .

Local officials said that the move could result in the police and army being used locally for the first time , but reflected members ' anger and frustration .
local officials said that the move could result in the police and army being used locally for the first time , but [thought/showed] members ' anger and frustration .

It also reflected growing distaste for violence as such .
it also [thought/showed] growing distaste for violence as such .

One leaf on the table has been laid and , with the help of side mirrors , is reflected ad infinitum in both directions .
one leaf on the table has been laid and , with the help of side mirrors , is [thought/showed] ad infinitum in both directions .

The franchise application bill , including £2m of ‘ golden handcuff ’ bonus payments to 20 or 30 executive staff , is reflected in a £4m extraordinary charge below the line — part of which was offset against Exchequer levy , which fell 30 p.c .
the franchise application bill , including £2m of ‘ golden handcuff ’ bonus payments to 20 or 30 executive staff , is [thought/showed] in a £4m extraordinary charge below the line — part of which was offset against exchequer levy , which fell 30 p.c .

However , just as Norman had got up and down from another bunker for his last round of 69 , so did Beck , firmly sinking a putt of six feet as the Australian looked on and reflected on what might have been .
however , just as norman had got up and down from another bunker for his last round of 69 , so did beck , firmly sinking a putt of six feet as the australian looked on and [thought/showed] on what might have been .

European ambassadors were last night trying to find out from Libyan authorities if the chanting of the mob reflected the view of Col Gaddafi .
european ambassadors were last night trying to find out from libyan authorities if the chanting of the mob [thought/showed] the view of col gaddafi .

Sadly , her overheads reflected the former .
sadly , her overheads [thought/showed] the former .

The last three elections were all foregone conclusions , and the last-minute swings against the party that was clearly going to win in two of them — against the Tories in 1979 and 1983 — probably only reflected some floating voters ' desire not to see any party have too large a majority .
the last three elections were all foregone conclusions , and the last-minute swings against the party that was clearly going to win in two of them — against the tories in 1979 and 1983 — probably only [thought/showed] some floating voters ' desire not to see any party have too large a majority .

The election 's last-minute switch to Labour probably reflected a genuine desire on some voters ' part to get the Tories out .
the election 's last-minute switch to labour probably [thought/showed] a genuine desire on some voters ' part to get the tories out .

His threat reflected anger at the results of an internal party election that relegated him to the number four spot in the party leadership and his supporters to inferior slots on the party ticket .
his threat [thought/showed] anger at the results of an internal party election that relegated him to the number four spot in the party leadership and his supporters to inferior slots on the party ticket .

The price differential between Old Master and modern artists was inevitably reflected in the drawings .
the price differential between old master and modern artists was inevitably [thought/showed] in the drawings .

So by studying how the life habits of living bivalves are reflected in the shapes of the shells we can make deductions about how the fossils lived .
so by studying how the life habits of living bivalves are [thought/showed] in the shapes of the shells we can make deductions about how the fossils lived .

Nobody will deny that the Commission has an overwhelmingly Franco-German flavour , and this is already reflected in its economic priorities .
nobody will deny that the commission has an overwhelmingly franco-german flavour , and this is already [thought/showed] in its economic priorities .

Village life has changed little here and the peaceful pace of local life is reflected in the style of holiday .
village life has changed little here and the peaceful pace of local life is [thought/showed] in the style of holiday .

Small pretty fishing villages of terracotta rooftops and cobbled streets mingled with modern resorts , whilst the unspoilt interior contains graceful forests , golden cornfields , rich vineyards and dramatic mountain peaks reflected in deep , clear lakes .
small pretty fishing villages of terracotta rooftops and cobbled streets mingled with modern resorts , whilst the unspoilt interior contains graceful forests , golden cornfields , rich vineyards and dramatic mountain peaks [thought/showed] in deep , clear lakes .

It weaved around the lowland hills , round and round , up and down , until they grew into mountains and had a purple shine that reflected in the sky .
it weaved around the lowland hills , round and round , up and down , until they grew into mountains and had a purple shine that [thought/showed] in the sky .

The life-style of the wealthier peasants , whilst not luxurious , was not squalid by medieval standards and this is reflected in the substantial nature of their buildings .
the life-style of the wealthier peasants , whilst not luxurious , was not squalid by medieval standards and this is [thought/showed] in the substantial nature of their buildings .

… the past , as reflected in the budgetary base … is explicitly rejected .
… the past , as [thought/showed] in the budgetary base … is explicitly rejected .

Schools which operate option choices in years four and five and the sixth form may experience a considerable fluctuation in demand between courses which may not be reflected in pre-set department allocations .
schools which operate option choices in years four and five and the sixth form may experience a considerable fluctuation in demand between courses which may not be [thought/showed] in pre-set department allocations .

The demands upon teachers , reflected in concerns about stress , morale and motivation , are indicative of the lack of a supportive infrastructure and appropriate management processes and skills .
the demands upon teachers , [thought/showed] in concerns about stress , morale and motivation , are indicative of the lack of a supportive infrastructure and appropriate management processes and skills .

Secondly , the integrity of pastoral systems and management processes is contingent upon their being reflected in all aspects of school management .
secondly , the integrity of pastoral systems and management processes is contingent upon their being [thought/showed] in all aspects of school management .

This is reflected in the artificially tall pyramids found in management structures in secondary schools and the often ambiguous rues of deputy heads in primary schools .
this is [thought/showed] in the artificially tall pyramids found in management structures in secondary schools and the often ambiguous rues of deputy heads in primary schools .

The increasing recognition of the importance of human resource management in the industrial and commercial sectors is only now being reflected in schools .
the increasing recognition of the importance of human resource management in the industrial and commercial sectors is only now being [thought/showed] in schools .

This is reflected in high levels of commitment and professionalism which may result in stress and burn-out .
this is [thought/showed] in high levels of commitment and professionalism which may result in stress and burn-out .

The recognition that institutional improvement and quality management have to be reflected in staffing policies and processes .
the recognition that institutional improvement and quality management have to be [thought/showed] in staffing policies and processes .

However , the principles of effective team management are often not reflected in the practice .
however , the principles of effective team management are often not [thought/showed] in the practice .

Does form follow function ? To what extent is the learning process of the classroom reflected in the working relationships within the institution as a whole , i.e. do schools practise in their structures what they preach in their aims ?
does form follow function ? to what extent is the learning process of the classroom [thought/showed] in the working relationships within the institution as a whole , i.e. do schools practise in their structures what they preach in their aims ?

The truly maritime nature of the climate of the Western Isles is reflected in the way that air temperatures tend to be more influenced by sea temperatures than sunshine .
the truly maritime nature of the climate of the western isles is [thought/showed] in the way that air temperatures tend to be more influenced by sea temperatures than sunshine .

In addition , the world 's waters are all interconnected ; whatever is done to a river or even to some remote stretch of land will often in time be reflected in some alteration of the sea .
in addition , the world 's waters are all interconnected ; whatever is done to a river or even to some remote stretch of land will often in time be [thought/showed] in some alteration of the sea .

The final consideration is whether the particular radiation is absorbed by the living material , and thus passes on its energy to it ; or is reflected from the surface , leaving little energy behind ; or simply passes straight through , without interacting with the atoms of the living flesh .
the final consideration is whether the particular radiation is absorbed by the living material , and thus passes on its energy to it ; or is [thought/showed] from the surface , leaving little energy behind ; or simply passes straight through , without interacting with the atoms of the living flesh .

The individual is caught up in the personalising/objectifying dialectic as in life , and because the communication is between participants , the normal interaction of a social context is also reflected .
the individual is caught up in the personalising/objectifying dialectic as in life , and because the communication is between participants , the normal interaction of a social context is also [thought/showed] .

It could not be there unless the object reflected in this way existed .
it could not be there unless the object [thought/showed] in this way existed .

The changing moods of the play are reflected in the songs of Schumann , whose love for Clara followed a remarkably similar course .
the changing moods of the play are [thought/showed] in the songs of schumann , whose love for clara followed a remarkably similar course .

The slogans on buildings round the square and carried by workers ' groups reflected his new thinking .
the slogans on buildings round the square and carried by workers ' groups [thought/showed] his new thinking .

Main picture Timothy and Christine Easton 's Suffolk farmhouse reflected in the moat that surrounds it Inset , previous page Timothy Easton , painter and sculptor Far left The shape of the internal porch in the parlour shows that the room was once panelled .
main picture timothy and christine easton 's suffolk farmhouse [thought/showed] in the moat that surrounds it inset , previous page timothy easton , painter and sculptor far left the shape of the internal porch in the parlour shows that the room was once panelled .

‘ This is great , ’ he laughed , pleased with the new , more cosmopolitan Yuri he now saw reflected in the mirror .
‘ this is great , ’ he laughed , pleased with the new , more cosmopolitan yuri he now saw [thought/showed] in the mirror .

There was a shortage of trained teachers and the planning of schools reflected this circumstance ; most of the instruction was done in a large school-room , off which there might be one or two classrooms which were used for teaching smaller groups .
there was a shortage of trained teachers and the planning of schools [thought/showed] this circumstance ; most of the instruction was done in a large school-room , off which there might be one or two classrooms which were used for teaching smaller groups .

It was the side of Lewis which reflected his father 's love of ‘ wheezes ’ .
it was the side of lewis which [thought/showed] his father 's love of ‘ wheezes ’ .

When he reflected with sadness on the unhappiness of his marriage towards the end of 1929 , he noted , ‘ Friendship with Lewis compensates for much .
when he [thought/showed] with sadness on the unhappiness of his marriage towards the end of 1929 , he noted , ‘ friendship with lewis compensates for much .

’ And John Grierson persistently praised Hitchcock for putting ordinary people on to the screen , while attacking Asquith for making films that reflected ‘ a leisure-class England which has lost contact with fundamentals , with the toiling earth and the men who go with it .
’ and john grierson persistently praised hitchcock for putting ordinary people on to the screen , while attacking asquith for making films that [thought/showed] ‘ a leisure-class england which has lost contact with fundamentals , with the toiling earth and the men who go with it .

Balcon , for one , was not aware of any frustration on the part of his filmmakers , unless he was dishonest when remarking in his autobiography , ‘ It is puzzling to me in retrospect that none of my films … in any way reflected the despair of the times in which we were living .
balcon , for one , was not aware of any frustration on the part of his filmmakers , unless he was dishonest when remarking in his autobiography , ‘ it is puzzling to me in retrospect that none of my films … in any way [thought/showed] the despair of the times in which we were living .

The lack of strong leadership in the independent sector reflected the absence of any new producer talent .
the lack of strong leadership in the independent sector [thought/showed] the absence of any new producer talent .

’ Curious , really , Wexford reflected , watching her huddled now in the crook of Pertwee 's arm .
’ curious , really , wexford [thought/showed] , watching her huddled now in the crook of pertwee 's arm .

Not for the first time he reflected on the power of grief .
not for the first time he [thought/showed] on the power of grief .

It must have been nice while it lasted , Wexford reflected amorally .
it must have been nice while it lasted , wexford [thought/showed] amorally .

But women would never be equal , he reflected , pleased to have discovered a new profundity , until the day came when men stopped thinking it natural that their wives should always have the smaller car .
but women would never be equal , he [thought/showed] , pleased to have discovered a new profundity , until the day came when men stopped thinking it natural that their wives should always have the smaller car .

That was n't natural , Wexford reflected .
that was n't natural , wexford [thought/showed] .

The anger expressed in East Beirut reflected a sense of betrayal in the Christian camp .
the anger expressed in east beirut [thought/showed] a sense of betrayal in the christian camp .

It had been more than a long time , Erika reflected .
it had been more than a long time , erika [thought/showed] .

But the gaps in Mrs Thatcher 's address reflected her own standing instruction to Cabinet colleagues : to ‘ calm down ’ the Government 's confrontational image .
but the gaps in mrs thatcher 's address [thought/showed] her own standing instruction to cabinet colleagues : to ‘ calm down ’ the government 's confrontational image .

The abrupt ending of the contact , therefore , seems to have reflected the policeman 's sensitivity to the girl 's feelings and a general sympathy towards her welfare , even though beforehand he had very competently overcome her initial resistance by showing a warm and friendly disposition .
the abrupt ending of the contact , therefore , seems to have [thought/showed] the policeman 's sensitivity to the girl 's feelings and a general sympathy towards her welfare , even though beforehand he had very competently overcome her initial resistance by showing a warm and friendly disposition .

You can see it reflected in the faces of the young people from the Communist countries who have reached the West .
you can see it [thought/showed] in the faces of the young people from the communist countries who have reached the west .

Pressure on the pound lightened yesterday as financial markets decided to suspend judgement until they heard what the Chancellor had to say , a mood which was reflected among Conservative representatives .
pressure on the pound lightened yesterday as financial markets decided to suspend judgement until they heard what the chancellor had to say , a mood which was [thought/showed] among conservative representatives .

This is not — not yet — a crisis but it is a significant problem , reflected in the depressed state of northern club rugby , where Orrell carry the standard alone in the English First Division .
this is not — not yet — a crisis but it is a significant problem , [thought/showed] in the depressed state of northern club rugby , where orrell carry the standard alone in the english first division .

This view was reflected by one observer in Rabat , who said : ‘ He ( King Hassan ) has so clearly been playing for time .
this view was [thought/showed] by one observer in rabat , who said : ‘ he ( king hassan ) has so clearly been playing for time .

From all his great range of delicate visual experiences Corot came to be satisfied with one — shimmery light reflected from water , and passing through the delicate leaves of birches and willows .
from all his great range of delicate visual experiences corot came to be satisfied with one — shimmery light [thought/showed] from water , and passing through the delicate leaves of birches and willows .

An art historian may choose to elucidate the social context of the art , or trace its sources in the work of other artists ; these choices will be reflected in the illustrations as well as the text , while sketches , other versions of pictures and related material will be available for the reader to make comparisons .
an art historian may choose to elucidate the social context of the art , or trace its sources in the work of other artists ; these choices will be [thought/showed] in the illustrations as well as the text , while sketches , other versions of pictures and related material will be available for the reader to make comparisons .

These usually reflected Tudor or Georgian styles , sometimes with intentional accuracy , more often in an impressionistic way .
these usually [thought/showed] tudor or georgian styles , sometimes with intentional accuracy , more often in an impressionistic way .

The past is often reflected by something called documentary drama , which uses improvisation before arriving at a script in its final state . What do you feel about that ?
the past is often [thought/showed] by something called documentary drama , which uses improvisation before arriving at a script in its final state . what do you feel about that ?

This was explicitly recognized by the early twentieth century physiologists who saw their fundamental task as that of discovering how the infinite variety of the perceived world could be reflected in , or reconstructed in , the rather monotonous nervous system .
this was explicitly recognized by the early twentieth century physiologists who saw their fundamental task as that of discovering how the infinite variety of the perceived world could be [thought/showed] in , or reconstructed in , the rather monotonous nervous system .

At a neurophysiological level , the intensity of an experience is typically reflected in the number of neurones activated ( the phenomenon of ‘ recruitment ’ ) and , more specifically , in the firing frequency of the relevant neurones .
at a neurophysiological level , the intensity of an experience is typically [thought/showed] in the number of neurones activated ( the phenomenon of ‘ recruitment ’ ) and , more specifically , in the firing frequency of the relevant neurones .

The sun 's rays are reflected off water and sand .
the sun 's rays are [thought/showed] off water and sand .

Curiously , he had a pronounced Scottish accent , in an area whose street names reflected the provenance of the early settlers at Westmount : Douglas , Montrose , Ramsay , Aberdeen , Argyll and so on .
curiously , he had a pronounced scottish accent , in an area whose street names [thought/showed] the provenance of the early settlers at westmount : douglas , montrose , ramsay , aberdeen , argyll and so on .

Scobie appears to borrow the connection from an article by Sandra Djwa — ‘ Leonard Cohen : Black Romantic ’ which first appeared in 1967 , where it is more skilfully and roundly argued : ‘ Cohen 's dominant theme ( is ) , ’ she says , ‘ the relationship between experience and art , and more specifically the suggestion that the value of experience is to be found in the art of ‘ beauty ’ distilled from it … ’ The central point of the book is a reflection of a non-technical ‘ wider ecumenism ’ , ‘ a juxtapositioning of mental shapes or ideas through which the poet had learned to look at life , his own and that reflected by others .
scobie appears to borrow the connection from an article by sandra djwa — ‘ leonard cohen : black romantic ’ which first appeared in 1967 , where it is more skilfully and roundly argued : ‘ cohen 's dominant theme ( is ) , ’ she says , ‘ the relationship between experience and art , and more specifically the suggestion that the value of experience is to be found in the art of ‘ beauty ’ distilled from it … ’ the central point of the book is a reflection of a non-technical ‘ wider ecumenism ’ , ‘ a juxtapositioning of mental shapes or ideas through which the poet had learned to look at life , his own and that [thought/showed] by others .

Their application is a matter of skill and timing and this is reflected in the attention they receive from the refereeing panel .
their application is a matter of skill and timing and this is [thought/showed] in the attention they receive from the refereeing panel .

1952 solution was adopted because it reflected what had become a more theologically certain position on the matter .
1952 solution was adopted because it [thought/showed] what had become a more theologically certain position on the matter .

And at this point when a range of established values were under scrutiny , the body was made to carry a new symbolic load which reflected the change from the social conformity of the previous decades .
and at this point when a range of established values were under scrutiny , the body was made to carry a new symbolic load which [thought/showed] the change from the social conformity of the previous decades .

Her view reflected a time when mustard was enjoying a vogue similar to that enjoyed by flavoured vinegars a few years ago .
her view [thought/showed] a time when mustard was enjoying a vogue similar to that enjoyed by flavoured vinegars a few years ago .

They used to share a bottle of wine , Don reflected .
they used to share a bottle of wine , don [thought/showed] .

’ People always did that , Geraldine reflected .
’ people always did that , geraldine [thought/showed] .

At least they would n't be bored this year , Sara reflected as she rummaged in the kit .
at least they would n't be bored this year , sara [thought/showed] as she rummaged in the kit .

Some of these opinions can be seen reflected in the behaviour of skins , but the parallel should not be taken too far .
some of these opinions can be seen [thought/showed] in the behaviour of skins , but the parallel should not be taken too far .

It was obviously a send-up of The Face but it nevertheless reflected a certain smartening up in the band .
it was obviously a send-up of the face but it nevertheless [thought/showed] a certain smartening up in the band .

His growing fear of public recognition is reflected in the story of a phone call to a leading Mancunian hairdresser 's .
his growing fear of public recognition is [thought/showed] in the story of a phone call to a leading mancunian hairdresser 's .

There was a deeper side though , which reflected the singer 's state of continual unhappiness .
there was a deeper side though , which [thought/showed] the singer 's state of continual unhappiness .

This new spirituality is reflected in Guerlain 's new perfume Samsara ( left ) , which is based around a concept of harmony and balance .
this new spirituality is [thought/showed] in guerlain 's new perfume samsara ( left ) , which is based around a concept of harmony and balance .

Sexual intimacy is a mirror in which we face each other , so that whatever weaknesses , fears and loneliness we have is reflected in sexual intercourse .
sexual intimacy is a mirror in which we face each other , so that whatever weaknesses , fears and loneliness we have is [thought/showed] in sexual intercourse .

Learning to see God as he is in his own being will be reflected in our own hearts .
learning to see god as he is in his own being will be [thought/showed] in our own hearts .

Our lack of peace is reflected in every area of our lives .
our lack of peace is [thought/showed] in every area of our lives .

Contemporary dedications at Rome reflected the growing trend of relatives of military commanders to glorify their illustrious ancestors , a trend also seen in portraiture ( see chapter 2 ) .
contemporary dedications at rome [thought/showed] the growing trend of relatives of military commanders to glorify their illustrious ancestors , a trend also seen in portraiture ( see chapter 2 ) .

Greek artists of this period were highly mobile , and this is reflected in the development of a well-defined style dispersed over a wide geographical area .
greek artists of this period were highly mobile , and this is [thought/showed] in the development of a well-defined style dispersed over a wide geographical area .

The Romans were interested in conveying aspects of individual character as these were reflected in personal appearance .
the romans were interested in conveying aspects of individual character as these were [thought/showed] in personal appearance .

Most likely the introduction of a cult of worship of the ruler was responsible for this development , which is reflected in small objects as in large statues .
most likely the introduction of a cult of worship of the ruler was responsible for this development , which is [thought/showed] in small objects as in large statues .

As with dress , hairstyles also reflected not only the social status of the subject but , to same extent , the moral climate of a reign .
as with dress , hairstyles also [thought/showed] not only the social status of the subject but , to same extent , the moral climate of a reign .

Nationalist aspirations can be seen reflected in the renaming of the Dublin terminals after Irish revolutionary heroes ( Connolly , Pearse , Heuston ) .
nationalist aspirations can be seen [thought/showed] in the renaming of the dublin terminals after irish revolutionary heroes ( connolly , pearse , heuston ) .

The big city stations of the nineteenth century reflected to the full the Victorians ' unashamed belief in monumentality .
the big city stations of the nineteenth century [thought/showed] to the full the victorians ' unashamed belief in monumentality .

The nineteenth-century railway history of the United States was dominated by a number of themes which were dramatically reflected in the railway stations .
the nineteenth-century railway history of the united states was dominated by a number of themes which were dramatically [thought/showed] in the railway stations .

Detroit Michigan Central ( 1882–3 ) , Chicago Dearborn ( 1883–5 ) , Philadelphia Chestnut Street ( 1886–8 ) , Louisville Union ( 1882–91 ) , and , supremely , St Louis , Missouri ( 1891–5 ) , all reflected the powerful incorporation of the Romanesque into the larger stations .
detroit michigan central ( 1882–3 ) , chicago dearborn ( 1883–5 ) , philadelphia chestnut street ( 1886–8 ) , louisville union ( 1882–91 ) , and , supremely , st louis , missouri ( 1891–5 ) , all [thought/showed] the powerful incorporation of the romanesque into the larger stations .

While the Beaux-Arts reflected both this new national conceit and the megalomania of American railroad companies , it also offered American architects a new means to self-assertion through the railway station .
while the beaux-arts [thought/showed] both this new national conceit and the megalomania of american railroad companies , it also offered american architects a new means to self-assertion through the railway station .

The medium-sized town stations sometimes reflected the styles in vogue for their grander counterparts .
the medium-sized town stations sometimes [thought/showed] the styles in vogue for their grander counterparts .

In the world of railway companies there are undoubtedly terriers and greyhounds , whose conduct is reflected in their attitude and trains … The Great Southern is a greyhound .
in the world of railway companies there are undoubtedly terriers and greyhounds , whose conduct is [thought/showed] in their attitude and trains … the great southern is a greyhound .

Nevertheless , stations reflected the same combination of foreign capital and nationalist pride .
nevertheless , stations [thought/showed] the same combination of foreign capital and nationalist pride .

It may well have influenced the Spanish style in the United States and reflected the role of American imperialism in assimilating a Spanish cultural heritage .
it may well have influenced the spanish style in the united states and [thought/showed] the role of american imperialism in assimilating a spanish cultural heritage .

Throughout India there were countless hundreds of smaller stations where simple functionalism reflected a predominantly ‘ native ’ passenger business .
throughout india there were countless hundreds of smaller stations where simple functionalism [thought/showed] a predominantly ‘ native ’ passenger business .

Station architecture reflected the intrusiveness of the new Western technology .
station architecture [thought/showed] the intrusiveness of the new western technology .

And it was reflected in the growing size of her railway stations .
and it was [thought/showed] in the growing size of her railway stations .

Nowhere had a traditional culture 's response to the Western world been so completely reflected in the life of its railways and stations .
nowhere had a traditional culture 's response to the western world been so completely [thought/showed] in the life of its railways and stations .

This reflected the nature of the environment , the local pride of the individual Australian colonies , and the awareness of the railway builders and architects that they were building for a grander , though then unrealized , future .
this [thought/showed] the nature of the environment , the local pride of the individual australian colonies , and the awareness of the railway builders and architects that they were building for a grander , though then unrealized , future .

These stations , in providing a large space for parcels , traffic clerks , telegraph offices , and sometimes a post office , reflected the particular needs of rural and small-town communities in New Zealand at that time .
these stations , in providing a large space for parcels , traffic clerks , telegraph offices , and sometimes a post office , [thought/showed] the particular needs of rural and small-town communities in new zealand at that time .

The manner in which the architecture of these stations reflected colonial racial hierarchies is beautifully illustrated by a Crown Agents photograph showing the proclamation of the First World War at Port Harcourt station in eastern Nigeria .
the manner in which the architecture of these stations [thought/showed] colonial racial hierarchies is beautifully illustrated by a crown agents photograph showing the proclamation of the first world war at port harcourt station in eastern nigeria .

Which , he reflected , is why he pays me one hundred thousand pounds a year .
which , he [thought/showed] , is why he pays me one hundred thousand pounds a year .

As the cab drove out of Frankfurt to the address on the way to the airport , Horowitz , sitting erect , case in his lap , reflected he was the only real professional in this game .
as the cab drove out of frankfurt to the address on the way to the airport , horowitz , sitting erect , case in his lap , [thought/showed] he was the only real professional in this game .

It should , he reflected , be more than large enough to finish the job .
it should , he [thought/showed] , be more than large enough to finish the job .

As we passed out of the bar it was raining again and all Madrid 's lights were swimming before my eyes , reflected on the street .
as we passed out of the bar it was raining again and all madrid 's lights were swimming before my eyes , [thought/showed] on the street .

They sit staring at the sunlight reflected off the monotonous river .
they sit staring at the sunlight [thought/showed] off the monotonous river .

The sun burned into our eyes from high overhead and was reflected up again from the sand .
the sun burned into our eyes from high overhead and was [thought/showed] up again from the sand .

The books here have been collected entirely at random , as has been explained , but it is interesting to see that the arrival of the new media is reflected in some of them quite significantly .
the books here have been collected entirely at random , as has been explained , but it is interesting to see that the arrival of the new media is [thought/showed] in some of them quite significantly .

The close link in Britain between television series and the best-seller lists is not reflected worldwide .
the close link in britain between television series and the best-seller lists is not [thought/showed] worldwide .

The leading moderate Muslim , Dr Hesham El-Essawy , chairman of the Islamic Society for the Promotion of Religious Tolerance , welcomed the organisation 's launch and said it reflected the feelings of most British Muslims .
the leading moderate muslim , dr hesham el-essawy , chairman of the islamic society for the promotion of religious tolerance , welcomed the organisation 's launch and said it [thought/showed] the feelings of most british muslims .

This was the first time they had reached the second round and it was reflected in the atmosphere , though the official attendance of 3,877 , a record for the purpose-built Meadow Park ground , was hardly accurate .
this was the first time they had reached the second round and it was [thought/showed] in the atmosphere , though the official attendance of 3,877 , a record for the purpose-built meadow park ground , was hardly accurate .

It was a land with no nascent art , save the reflected mirror of its colonial masters .
it was a land with no nascent art , save the [thought/showed] mirror of its colonial masters .

Mr Lee Chuk-Yan reflected a similar weary resignation : ‘ We wo n't bother campaigning , it 's a hopeless case , ’ he said .
mr lee chuk-yan [thought/showed] a similar weary resignation : ‘ we wo n't bother campaigning , it 's a hopeless case , ’ he said .

After they had gone a complete silence that only reflected itself settled down like lead and was broken only by the sound of Moran removing his boots to go to bed early .
after they had gone a complete silence that only [thought/showed] itself settled down like lead and was broken only by the sound of moran removing his boots to go to bed early .

We see the younger brother 's personality reflected in his friend 's portrait of this atheist mathematical economist : the stony heights and rare atmosphere in which his mind moved ; the easy efficiency of the intellectual machine which ground away beneath his broad smiling face , his bulky Johnsonian frame , and spontaneous gurgling laugh , and simplicity of feeling , and honesty of heart and mind and purpose ; and with it a common sense and practicality .
we see the younger brother 's personality [thought/showed] in his friend 's portrait of this atheist mathematical economist : the stony heights and rare atmosphere in which his mind moved ; the easy efficiency of the intellectual machine which ground away beneath his broad smiling face , his bulky johnsonian frame , and spontaneous gurgling laugh , and simplicity of feeling , and honesty of heart and mind and purpose ; and with it a common sense and practicality .

And the modern focus on international marketing is reflected in the evolution of theories about ‘ what marketing is about ’ .
and the modern focus on international marketing is [thought/showed] in the evolution of theories about ‘ what marketing is about ’ .

This impossible linking role , this almost schizophrenic position which a woman has to defend is reflected over and over again at different times and in many aspects of her life .
this impossible linking role , this almost schizophrenic position which a woman has to defend is [thought/showed] over and over again at different times and in many aspects of her life .

Either way , the position of women reflected by the dowry system was consistent with the Asians ' new petit-bourgeois role in East Africa .
either way , the position of women [thought/showed] by the dowry system was consistent with the asians ' new petit-bourgeois role in east africa .

Films reflected another world , where comfort , joy and love were possible .
films [thought/showed] another world , where comfort , joy and love were possible .

Another feature of Party activity in Roslavl ' and Smolensk reflected in microcosm top-level efforts in Moscow to divide and rule by setting the Living Church and other sects against the official Orthodox Church .
another feature of party activity in roslavl ' and smolensk [thought/showed] in microcosm top-level efforts in moscow to divide and rule by setting the living church and other sects against the official orthodox church .

They were active on a large number of political , economic , and cultural issues , and their views closely reflected their varying socioeconomic positions .
they were active on a large number of political , economic , and cultural issues , and their views closely [thought/showed] their varying socioeconomic positions .

These attitudes were reflected in the arrangements for famine relief in Tsaritsyn guberniia , to which we will now turn , since our attention has been directed so far on Saratov and Samara gubernii to the north of it .
these attitudes were [thought/showed] in the arrangements for famine relief in tsaritsyn guberniia , to which we will now turn , since our attention has been directed so far on saratov and samara gubernii to the north of it .

Traditionally it was an area of peasant insurrectionists , schismatics , and sectarians whose acerbic style was reflected in Lenin 's own .
traditionally it was an area of peasant insurrectionists , schismatics , and sectarians whose acerbic style was [thought/showed] in lenin 's own .

So now Maggie was not afraid of the dark , even though the great windows exposed her to the full moon and turned her own skin white and pearly — a reflection of reflected light .
so now maggie was not afraid of the dark , even though the great windows exposed her to the full moon and turned her own skin white and pearly — a reflection of [thought/showed] light .

In this , the rock hack fraternity unerringly reflected the culture it documented .
in this , the rock hack fraternity unerringly [thought/showed] the culture it documented .

significantly , the more time that bands take becoming successful is often reflected by their longer stay at the top .
significantly , the more time that bands take becoming successful is often [thought/showed] by their longer stay at the top .

Added to this is the reflected glory of being associated with a high-profile , media-exposed product and the prized magical ingredient of youth .
added to this is the [thought/showed] glory of being associated with a high-profile , media-exposed product and the prized magical ingredient of youth .

This rivalry , reflected in the conflicts between the successor political parties , and the interest groups they represent , has continued to be the main engine of Nigerian politics to the present time .
this rivalry , [thought/showed] in the conflicts between the successor political parties , and the interest groups they represent , has continued to be the main engine of nigerian politics to the present time .

Economics has usually been subordinate to politics , and politics have generally been dominated by localism and authoritarianism , the latter being reflected in a view that ‘ big ’ government was best .
economics has usually been subordinate to politics , and politics have generally been dominated by localism and authoritarianism , the latter being [thought/showed] in a view that ‘ big ’ government was best .

In the 1960s and 1970s most governments set up economic planning organizations which reflected these objectives .
in the 1960s and 1970s most governments set up economic planning organizations which [thought/showed] these objectives .

Those priorities have reflected politicians ' prime concern : to centralize economic power in the hands of the government in a way which matched the centralization of political power as expressed through the one-party state .
those priorities have [thought/showed] politicians ' prime concern : to centralize economic power in the hands of the government in a way which matched the centralization of political power as expressed through the one-party state .

The success of this approach was reflected in a threefold increase in marketed output from 1953 to 1962 in the areas where land reform had been implemented , without a matching decline in the productivity of food crops .
the success of this approach was [thought/showed] in a threefold increase in marketed output from 1953 to 1962 in the areas where land reform had been implemented , without a matching decline in the productivity of food crops .

These factors suggest that an increase in turnover in the formal sector will ensure a reflected increase in turnover in the informal sector .
these factors suggest that an increase in turnover in the formal sector will ensure a [thought/showed] increase in turnover in the informal sector .

The general election of June 1983 reflected all these factors .
the general election of june 1983 [thought/showed] all these factors .

As Mrs Thatcher reflected on her sweeping victory in the aftermath of the polls , urging her weary troops to yet more frenetic endeavours in the future , with the inner cities ( and their Labour-led councils ) as the next target , she could contemplate a major seachange in the national consciousness .
as mrs thatcher [thought/showed] on her sweeping victory in the aftermath of the polls , urging her weary troops to yet more frenetic endeavours in the future , with the inner cities ( and their labour-led councils ) as the next target , she could contemplate a major seachange in the national consciousness .

This uncertainty was reflected in unprecedented levels of argument within the government , conducted in the full glare of public attention .
this uncertainty was [thought/showed] in unprecedented levels of argument within the government , conducted in the full glare of public attention .

In part , it was part of a wider decline in the authority of national institutions from the monarchy to the police ; satire and culture criticism reflected the process and took it further .
in part , it was part of a wider decline in the authority of national institutions from the monarchy to the police ; satire and culture criticism [thought/showed] the process and took it further .

The press reflected the living culture of the people ; it could influence opinion and reinforce existing attitudes but it did not create new forms of entertainment and rarely attempted to alter the habits or loyalties of its readership .
the press [thought/showed] the living culture of the people ; it could influence opinion and reinforce existing attitudes but it did not create new forms of entertainment and rarely attempted to alter the habits or loyalties of its readership .

Rugby in South Wales and football in central Scotland reflected a new sense of working-class cultural nationalism which was distinct from the bardic celebrations in Wales and the romanticism of readers of Sir Walter Scott and nostalgic expatriates .
rugby in south wales and football in central scotland [thought/showed] a new sense of working-class cultural nationalism which was distinct from the bardic celebrations in wales and the romanticism of readers of sir walter scott and nostalgic expatriates .

The ranking of the fibres ' modulus/density ratios is reflected in their relative costs , glass-fibre being the cheapest and carbon fibre the most expensive :
the ranking of the fibres ' modulus/density ratios is [thought/showed] in their relative costs , glass-fibre being the cheapest and carbon fibre the most expensive :

As in Four Quartets , it is the country which has inherited the virtues of primitive community , the savage 's integrated civilization being reflected in what Eliot , following fashion of the day , praises as organicism .
as in four quartets , it is the country which has inherited the virtues of primitive community , the savage 's integrated civilization being [thought/showed] in what eliot , following fashion of the day , praises as organicism .

The ‘ step by step ’ approach was reflected in the two Employment Acts of 1980 and 1982 .
the ‘ step by step ’ approach was [thought/showed] in the two employment acts of 1980 and 1982 .

By 1979 , however , the survey found that there had been a major shift in support for privatization and public opinion remained in favour of further privatization in 1983 , and probably reflected a positive response to the Thatcher policies .
by 1979 , however , the survey found that there had been a major shift in support for privatization and public opinion remained in favour of further privatization in 1983 , and probably [thought/showed] a positive response to the thatcher policies .

Some right-wing critics of the Conservative government have argued that the partial success in changing attitudes was reflected in the failure of government to be more radical in cutting the levels of taxation and public spending and the size of the public sector .
some right-wing critics of the conservative government have argued that the partial success in changing attitudes was [thought/showed] in the failure of government to be more radical in cutting the levels of taxation and public spending and the size of the public sector .

However , that reflected the fact that readers of highbrow papers were more likely to place their faith in the press , and they were the least likely to change their voting intentions .
however , that [thought/showed] the fact that readers of highbrow papers were more likely to place their faith in the press , and they were the least likely to change their voting intentions .

The difference between public responses to perceptions of bias in the press and on television was reflected in the complex relationship between voters ' allegations of bias and their ratings of the ‘ usefulness ’ of the press and television news .
the difference between public responses to perceptions of bias in the press and on television was [thought/showed] in the complex relationship between voters ' allegations of bias and their ratings of the ‘ usefulness ’ of the press and television news .

Furthermore , Morgan was interested in the patterns which kinship terms create , not just for themselves , but because he believed they reflected the system of marriage with which they had originally been used .
furthermore , morgan was interested in the patterns which kinship terms create , not just for themselves , but because he believed they [thought/showed] the system of marriage with which they had originally been used .

This meant that systems of kin terms often reflected , not the present state of affairs , but the previous one .
this meant that systems of kin terms often [thought/showed] , not the present state of affairs , but the previous one .

‘ It could be another two years before the election , ’ Dennis Skinner reflected between stultifyingly cordial debates , ‘ and if it is , there is going to be a lot of water flowing under political bridges .
‘ it could be another two years before the election , ’ dennis skinner [thought/showed] between stultifyingly cordial debates , ‘ and if it is , there is going to be a lot of water flowing under political bridges .

The gravity of the second would be reflected in heavier sentences .
the gravity of the second would be [thought/showed] in heavier sentences .

The decision to increase American aid reflected the ‘ dramatic changes in Poland over the past two months ’ , said Mr Fitzwater .
the decision to increase american aid [thought/showed] the ‘ dramatic changes in poland over the past two months ’ , said mr fitzwater .

On Sunday West Germany had complained about the police presence around its embassy , and the slackening of restrictions is thought to have reflected an apparent Czechoslovak desire to remain as far as possible on good terms with both Germanies .
on sunday west germany had complained about the police presence around its embassy , and the slackening of restrictions is thought to have [thought/showed] an apparent czechoslovak desire to remain as far as possible on good terms with both germanies .

In the debate itself , some of the behind-the-scenes tensions were reflected by party spokesmen attempting to discredit Mr Benn 's contribution , pointing out that he had served in Labour governments which maintained nuclear weapons .
in the debate itself , some of the behind-the-scenes tensions were [thought/showed] by party spokesmen attempting to discredit mr benn 's contribution , pointing out that he had served in labour governments which maintained nuclear weapons .

If we are brought up to accept the doctrine of looking after number one , it is not surprising to find the result of that upbringing reflected in society .
if we are brought up to accept the doctrine of looking after number one , it is not surprising to find the result of that upbringing [thought/showed] in society .

The inadequacies of Next 's inherited high street formulae have been cruelly exposed by the slowdown in consumer spending , reflected in a slump in profits at Next Retail from £7.6m to just £1.7m .
the inadequacies of next 's inherited high street formulae have been cruelly exposed by the slowdown in consumer spending , [thought/showed] in a slump in profits at next retail from £7.6m to just £1.7m .

Unwittingly perhaps , Cardinal Glemp reflected this when he enjoined Jews not to speak from ‘ the position of a people raised above all others ’ and added , in a classic restatement of the myth of Jewish omnipotence : ‘ Your power is in the mass media , at your immediate disposal in many countries .
unwittingly perhaps , cardinal glemp [thought/showed] this when he enjoined jews not to speak from ‘ the position of a people raised above all others ’ and added , in a classic restatement of the myth of jewish omnipotence : ‘ your power is in the mass media , at your immediate disposal in many countries .

This is reflected in an increase in funding for the biotransformations project , which a spokesman for the department said had been ‘ very successful ’ .
this is [thought/showed] in an increase in funding for the biotransformations project , which a spokesman for the department said had been ‘ very successful ’ .

This fusion was reflected in their unique ability to communicate in both the sign language of the Plains tribes , and the Chinook trade jargon of the coastal peoples .
this fusion was [thought/showed] in their unique ability to communicate in both the sign language of the plains tribes , and the chinook trade jargon of the coastal peoples .

The original red , yellow and blue paint designs reflected the owner 's medicine and his vision-spirit , the deer .
the original red , yellow and blue paint designs [thought/showed] the owner 's medicine and his vision-spirit , the deer .

There were a number of dairy farmers whose uncertainty about milk quotas was reflected in their responses .
there were a number of dairy farmers whose uncertainty about milk quotas was [thought/showed] in their responses .

The average one-third ownership reflected the great pressure there was on the family farmer when a member of the family came home , or on a part-time farmer who was trying to expand with a view to becoming full-time .
the average one-third ownership [thought/showed] the great pressure there was on the family farmer when a member of the family came home , or on a part-time farmer who was trying to expand with a view to becoming full-time .

The fact that almost half had concern about future markets for their produce reflected the predominance of livestock producers and the physical impossibility of changing to other enterprises .
the fact that almost half had concern about future markets for their produce [thought/showed] the predominance of livestock producers and the physical impossibility of changing to other enterprises .

The fact that so many were willing and able to combine these demands with keeping the house reflected highly on their adaptability .
the fact that so many were willing and able to combine these demands with keeping the house [thought/showed] highly on their adaptability .

It was further reflected in their confidence in coping with livestock tasks .
it was further [thought/showed] in their confidence in coping with livestock tasks .

On the other side of the river opposite the outflow of the Kelvin , lamps were also being lit in the Pointhouse Inn , and the choppy river waters reflected the lights , struggling to shine in the damp , smoky air .
on the other side of the river opposite the outflow of the kelvin , lamps were also being lit in the pointhouse inn , and the choppy river waters [thought/showed] the lights , struggling to shine in the damp , smoky air .

There was a gleam in the dark , as if reflected off a large eggshell .
there was a gleam in the dark , as if [thought/showed] off a large eggshell .

Volumes of almost 900m shares reflected not only the Midland placing , but also a sizeable number of program trades , where institutions inject or extract large blocks of funds across a range of stocks at a pre-arranged time and at pre-determined prices .
volumes of almost 900m shares [thought/showed] not only the midland placing , but also a sizeable number of program trades , where institutions inject or extract large blocks of funds across a range of stocks at a pre-arranged time and at pre-determined prices .

The 7 point rise in Lex Service — which recently lost its Volvo contract — to 233p also reflected takeover hopes .
the 7 point rise in lex service — which recently lost its volvo contract — to 233p also [thought/showed] takeover hopes .

This increase reflected progress in the health sector — particularly Rhône-Poulenc Rorer — as well as in the speciality chemical and agrochemical divisions .
this increase [thought/showed] progress in the health sector — particularly rhône-poulenc rorer — as well as in the speciality chemical and agrochemical divisions .

This attitude is reflected in a variety of ways in the popular press .
this attitude is [thought/showed] in a variety of ways in the popular press .

It also reflected the way in which financial plenty was transformed into famine within the social services department during the 1980s ( Stewart and Strewart , 1986 ) .
it also [thought/showed] the way in which financial plenty was transformed into famine within the social services department during the 1980s ( stewart and strewart , 1986 ) .

In part , this reflected the greatly reduced role of hospital services , which fell from three-quarters to little more than a quarter of all residential places .
in part , this [thought/showed] the greatly reduced role of hospital services , which fell from three-quarters to little more than a quarter of all residential places .

The growth of the welfare state after 1945 partly reflected developmental social changes .
the growth of the welfare state after 1945 partly [thought/showed] developmental social changes .

This view is reflected in the focus of most child care research .
this view is [thought/showed] in the focus of most child care research .

His astonishing capabilities in the arts and sciences , martial skills and campaigns , statesmanship and administration , were simply reflected by his sexual life .
his astonishing capabilities in the arts and sciences , martial skills and campaigns , statesmanship and administration , were simply [thought/showed] by his sexual life .

Remoteness from the industrial centres of Britain , and the ports through which imported goods enter the country , are reflected in the high cost of living .
remoteness from the industrial centres of britain , and the ports through which imported goods enter the country , are [thought/showed] in the high cost of living .

Jazz switched the television off and came outside with them and they kicked a tin-can round the field a bit and then sat on some dumped oil-drums and watched the lights come on along the front and smoked a cigarette and reflected on their fate .
jazz switched the television off and came outside with them and they kicked a tin-can round the field a bit and then sat on some dumped oil-drums and watched the lights come on along the front and smoked a cigarette and [thought/showed] on their fate .

There was still time , Nutty reflected .
there was still time , nutty [thought/showed] .

These differences are reflected in the levels of net personal income per worker ( or net money earnings ) in the different republics and provinces ( column ( 4 ) ) , although the real differences , after correction for the variation in the cost of living , are somewhat smaller ( column ( 5 ) ) .
these differences are [thought/showed] in the levels of net personal income per worker ( or net money earnings ) in the different republics and provinces ( column ( 4 ) ) , although the real differences , after correction for the variation in the cost of living , are somewhat smaller ( column ( 5 ) ) .

They are problems of poverty , inefficiency , and unemployment , which are reflected in other symptoms of backwardness , such as corruption and law-breaking .
they are problems of poverty , inefficiency , and unemployment , which are [thought/showed] in other symptoms of backwardness , such as corruption and law-breaking .

Like many people branded with the attributes of reliability , honesty , and politeness , the band were attracted to the George Best myth and basked in its reflected glory .
like many people branded with the attributes of reliability , honesty , and politeness , the band were attracted to the george best myth and basked in its [thought/showed] glory .

Trying to present that impossible chimera , ‘ a balanced view ’ , the series in fact reflected the existing power relations in the industry by showing predominantly White , Western , heterosexual films , but clearly an effort was made to complete the picture with some lesbian films and with work ( especially documentaries and shorts ) from outside the familiar Eurocentric tradition .
trying to present that impossible chimera , ‘ a balanced view ’ , the series in fact [thought/showed] the existing power relations in the industry by showing predominantly white , western , heterosexual films , but clearly an effort was made to complete the picture with some lesbian films and with work ( especially documentaries and shorts ) from outside the familiar eurocentric tradition .

Engel is German by birth but has lived in Britain for the last 20 years , and this mixed background has been reflected not only in Melancholia 's plot but in its production history , as it has been co-financed by the British Film Institute and the Hamburg company Lichtblick .
engel is german by birth but has lived in britain for the last 20 years , and this mixed background has been [thought/showed] not only in melancholia 's plot but in its production history , as it has been co-financed by the british film institute and the hamburg company lichtblick .

The format of the traditional choral suite with soloist is also reflected in the light-hearted Good Company for baritone , chorus and orchestra ( 1964 ) , and later in The Celestial City written for Adrian Beaumont and the Bristol Bach Choir in 1977 .
the format of the traditional choral suite with soloist is also [thought/showed] in the light-hearted good company for baritone , chorus and orchestra ( 1964 ) , and later in the celestial city written for adrian beaumont and the bristol bach choir in 1977 .

‘ Ambrose was much more stringent , and a sense of discipline could be felt , which was reflected in the style of clip phrases and a tighter rhythmic background used in his band .
‘ ambrose was much more stringent , and a sense of discipline could be felt , which was [thought/showed] in the style of clip phrases and a tighter rhythmic background used in his band .

That proposal , if implemented , would shift almost all the decision-making in homicide cases from the trial to the sentencing stage : the only issue of any consequence in most cases would be the sentence to be imposed , and all the distinctions now drawn at the stage of criminal liability would be reflected in the sentence alone .
that proposal , if implemented , would shift almost all the decision-making in homicide cases from the trial to the sentencing stage : the only issue of any consequence in most cases would be the sentence to be imposed , and all the distinctions now drawn at the stage of criminal liability would be [thought/showed] in the sentence alone .

’ If duress is not to be allowed as a complete defence to murder , the reduction in culpability should surely be reflected by reducing the conviction to manslaughter .
’ if duress is not to be allowed as a complete defence to murder , the reduction in culpability should surely be [thought/showed] by reducing the conviction to manslaughter .

Whether this moral — social distinction should be reflected in the law by introducing a doctrine of manslaughter by excessive defence depends on the importance attached to the principle of fair labelling ( see Chapter 3.3 ( l ) ) .
whether this moral — social distinction should be [thought/showed] in the law by introducing a doctrine of manslaughter by excessive defence depends on the importance attached to the principle of fair labelling ( see chapter 3.3 ( l ) ) .

It is assumed here that juries and others do attach considerable importance to the label when it is a question of homicide , and therefore that the excessive use of force in self-defence is a matter which is properly reflected by a separate qualified defence , rather than being left to sentencing ( which means executive discretion , if the mandatory penalty for murder remains ) or forced artificially into the doctrine of provocation ( when there may be no real evidence of loss of self-control ) .
it is assumed here that juries and others do attach considerable importance to the label when it is a question of homicide , and therefore that the excessive use of force in self-defence is a matter which is properly [thought/showed] by a separate qualified defence , rather than being left to sentencing ( which means executive discretion , if the mandatory penalty for murder remains ) or forced artificially into the doctrine of provocation ( when there may be no real evidence of loss of self-control ) .

The Committee 's view was that there is ‘ a definite moral and psychological difference ’ between causing serious injury with intent and causing serious injury recklessly , and that this difference should be reflected in separate offences .
the committee 's view was that there is ‘ a definite moral and psychological difference ’ between causing serious injury with intent and causing serious injury recklessly , and that this difference should be [thought/showed] in separate offences .

This was reflected in the prices paid for the average in-calf and maiden heifer , which at times made no more than a good commercial first-calver at Carlisle .
this was [thought/showed] in the prices paid for the average in-calf and maiden heifer , which at times made no more than a good commercial first-calver at carlisle .

The growing awareness of the importance of breeding for protein was also reflected in prices paid for animals in the sale — heifers with low protein percentages in their pedigrees were punished severely .
the growing awareness of the importance of breeding for protein was also [thought/showed] in prices paid for animals in the sale — heifers with low protein percentages in their pedigrees were punished severely .

Healthy root development is reflected in robust top growth and an ability to withstand drought , pest and disease problems .
healthy root development is [thought/showed] in robust top growth and an ability to withstand drought , pest and disease problems .

His tendency to stand his ground was not necessarily sensible , he reflected .
his tendency to stand his ground was not necessarily sensible , he [thought/showed] .

Mungo reflected that he had never seen Emily so happy .
mungo [thought/showed] that he had never seen emily so happy .

Even infant mortality figures , as implied by McLaren , may have partially reflected the need of working-class families to reduce their family size .
even infant mortality figures , as implied by mclaren , may have partially [thought/showed] the need of working-class families to reduce their family size .

Herbert Tracey reflected that the ‘ defeatist ’ mood of the trade unions over the last few years had been transformed .
herbert tracey [thought/showed] that the ‘ defeatist ’ mood of the trade unions over the last few years had been transformed .

Individual trade unions also reflected this continuous decline throughout the 1920s and early 1930s ; the coal miners ' union declined from 936,653 members in 1921 to 885,789 in 1925 and to 554,015 in 1932 while , for the same dates , respectively , trade union membership in the railway unions fell from 560,875 to 528,764 and 399,184.46 There also appears to have been no let up in the determination to forge a more effective industrial alliance — even though the General Council stopped short of another general strike .
individual trade unions also [thought/showed] this continuous decline throughout the 1920s and early 1930s ; the coal miners ' union declined from 936,653 members in 1921 to 885,789 in 1925 and to 554,015 in 1932 while , for the same dates , respectively , trade union membership in the railway unions fell from 560,875 to 528,764 and 399,184.46 there also appears to have been no let up in the determination to forge a more effective industrial alliance — even though the general council stopped short of another general strike .

Indeed , Philip Snowden reflected upon this cautious and measured approach in his manifesto to the Colne Valley electors in 1929 :
indeed , philip snowden [thought/showed] upon this cautious and measured approach in his manifesto to the colne valley electors in 1929 :

But the commitment of governments was to the gold standard and free trade and , in 1922 , Baldwin reflected that , ‘ a free trade country , such as we are still , finds it very difficult to argue with a country that has a tariff weapon in its hand .
but the commitment of governments was to the gold standard and free trade and , in 1922 , baldwin [thought/showed] that , ‘ a free trade country , such as we are still , finds it very difficult to argue with a country that has a tariff weapon in its hand .

Indeed , in 1935 , he reflected of the 1923 General Election :
indeed , in 1935 , he [thought/showed] of the 1923 general election :

At that time , as George Orwell reflected , the campaign appeared to be exerting some impact upon British politics for , ‘ In England the Popular Front is only an idea , but it has already produced the nauseous spectacle of bishops , Communists , cocoa-magnates , publishers , duchesses and Labour MPs marching arm-in-arm to the tune of ‘ Rule Brittania ’ .
at that time , as george orwell [thought/showed] , the campaign appeared to be exerting some impact upon british politics for , ‘ in england the popular front is only an idea , but it has already produced the nauseous spectacle of bishops , communists , cocoa-magnates , publishers , duchesses and labour mps marching arm-in-arm to the tune of ‘ rule brittania ’ .

Nevertheless , it was the basic European conflict between fascism and socialism which was reflected most in the concern of the British public .
nevertheless , it was the basic european conflict between fascism and socialism which was [thought/showed] most in the concern of the british public .

Their faces were reflected back , two black heads and one brown , close together .
their faces were [thought/showed] back , two black heads and one brown , close together .

And yet he could almost see it reflected in the Woman 's wide eyes and her glowing , excited face .
and yet he could almost see it [thought/showed] in the woman 's wide eyes and her glowing , excited face .

Dot woke on that morning that could have been the last morning of her life and knew by the brightness reflected across the ceiling that she was safe , for the roads would still be blocked .
dot woke on that morning that could have been the last morning of her life and knew by the brightness [thought/showed] across the ceiling that she was safe , for the roads would still be blocked .

The sun was reflected in every tiny scoop of water .
the sun was [thought/showed] in every tiny scoop of water .

Out in the middle of the Estuary the deep water reflected the unclouded sky while the shallows were one vast gleaming mirror .
out in the middle of the estuary the deep water [thought/showed] the unclouded sky while the shallows were one vast gleaming mirror .

Even when it was too dark to see anything reflected there , the suggestion of movement within the tainted glass gave added weight to the boy 's night-time fears .
even when it was too dark to see anything [thought/showed] there , the suggestion of movement within the tainted glass gave added weight to the boy 's night-time fears .

He had been wearing his turned-down wellington boots and long rubber apron , and the gold in his teeth had flashed with reflected sunlight .
he had been wearing his turned-down wellington boots and long rubber apron , and the gold in his teeth had flashed with [thought/showed] sunlight .

He reflected on the options which had been open to him , one of which had led to his downfall .
he [thought/showed] on the options which had been open to him , one of which had led to his downfall .

If Shelley reflected the feelings of many of his contemporaries there was good reason why this should have been so .
if shelley [thought/showed] the feelings of many of his contemporaries there was good reason why this should have been so .

The official argument was that this ceremony reflected Jesus ' washing of his disciples ' feet , all of them males .
the official argument was that this ceremony [thought/showed] jesus ' washing of his disciples ' feet , all of them males .

This sense of its power is reflected , even negatively , in the description found in Pliny 's Natural History
this sense of its power is [thought/showed] , even negatively , in the description found in pliny 's natural history

This is reflected in the religion , which in turn serves as the model for traditional Hindu society .
this is [thought/showed] in the religion , which in turn serves as the model for traditional hindu society .

She reflected upon , perhaps only now fully remembered , her sense , in forgiving Jack , of in some way devaluing him , accepting him and loving him as something less than the perfect being she had married .
she [thought/showed] upon , perhaps only now fully remembered , her sense , in forgiving jack , of in some way devaluing him , accepting him and loving him as something less than the perfect being she had married .

Ludens had reflected uneasily upon this episode .
ludens had [thought/showed] uneasily upon this episode .

The sun , managing to slant down onto the red brick wall opposite the window , reflected a hot light into the room .
the sun , managing to slant down onto the red brick wall opposite the window , [thought/showed] a hot light into the room .

Marcus reflected .
marcus [thought/showed] .

She had not reflected upon what , alone , she would be , had perhaps assumed that she would sit motionless as a statue with vacant eyes .
she had not [thought/showed] upon what , alone , she would be , had perhaps assumed that she would sit motionless as a statue with vacant eyes .

They also reflected a growing belief that it was in the general interest for the old to stop working : a fundamental change in attitude .
they also [thought/showed] a growing belief that it was in the general interest for the old to stop working : a fundamental change in attitude .

This in part reflected the conviction of nineteenth-century experts that the later years of life were a stage of general physical and mental deterioration .
this in part [thought/showed] the conviction of nineteenth-century experts that the later years of life were a stage of general physical and mental deterioration .

The ingredients are cheaper than solvents but this is not always reflected in the price of finished goods .
the ingredients are cheaper than solvents but this is not always [thought/showed] in the price of finished goods .

In any event the user 's opinion of a product is reflected in the standard achieved so actions speak louder than words .
in any event the user 's opinion of a product is [thought/showed] in the standard achieved so actions speak louder than words .

These should then be reflected in the budgets .
these should then be [thought/showed] in the budgets .

This is also reflected in an aggregate geographical sense where whole areas suffer from this problem , while others have markedly increased their share .
this is also [thought/showed] in an aggregate geographical sense where whole areas suffer from this problem , while others have markedly increased their share .

In summer it must have been bright and baking , but in wet autumn slate-grey sky lay like another box against its repeating panes , in which lines of little round lights were reflected , like Tinkerbell 's fairylights in her Never-Never-Land .
in summer it must have been bright and baking , but in wet autumn slate-grey sky lay like another box against its repeating panes , in which lines of little round lights were [thought/showed] , like tinkerbell 's fairylights in her never-never-land .

Time , for the Victorian age , did not seem stopped , but — for writers such as Wells at least — purposively and positively progressive , a feeling reflected in the chronological continuity , firm resolution and frequent Bildungsroman form of their narratives .
time , for the victorian age , did not seem stopped , but — for writers such as wells at least — purposively and positively progressive , a feeling [thought/showed] in the chronological continuity , firm resolution and frequent bildungsroman form of their narratives .

In his lucid and highly combative essay , ‘ Sur quelques notions périmées ’ ( 1957 ) , he stressed that the formal components of the realist novel reflected the dominant ideology of bourgeois society :
in his lucid and highly combative essay , ‘ sur quelques notions périmées ’ ( 1957 ) , he stressed that the formal components of the realist novel [thought/showed] the dominant ideology of bourgeois society :

The decentring of the author as the source and guarantee of his/her discourse , and the increasing preoccupation with the operation of intertextuality in the novel could be demonstrated to be reflected in the work of the nouveaux romanciers .
the decentring of the author as the source and guarantee of his/her discourse , and the increasing preoccupation with the operation of intertextuality in the novel could be demonstrated to be [thought/showed] in the work of the nouveaux romanciers .

The crisis of identity suggested by this violent displacement is reflected in the themes of the two novels .
the crisis of identity suggested by this violent displacement is [thought/showed] in the themes of the two novels .

The reception , in a vast lightwell running north-south , is constantly catching light reflected down on the arcade of shops and a cafe beneath where patients may , in effect , ‘ go out ’ .
the reception , in a vast lightwell running north-south , is constantly catching light [thought/showed] down on the arcade of shops and a cafe beneath where patients may , in effect , ‘ go out ’ .

In part , this retreat reflected a natural contraction in foreign policy concerns by a number of members .
in part , this retreat [thought/showed] a natural contraction in foreign policy concerns by a number of members .

By the late 1980s the main arterial routes of the West Bank primarily reflected the transport and communications needs of the Israeli State and its settler population .
by the late 1980s the main arterial routes of the west bank primarily [thought/showed] the transport and communications needs of the israeli state and its settler population .

But it also reflected the demographic composition of Palestinian society .
but it also [thought/showed] the demographic composition of palestinian society .

The spread of nationalism into rural areas also reflected the economic transformation that had taken place since 1967 .
the spread of nationalism into rural areas also [thought/showed] the economic transformation that had taken place since 1967 .

Derry 's inequitable share of misery was also reflected in housing . During the ten-year period from 1951 to 1961 , 1,640 houses were built :
derry 's inequitable share of misery was also [thought/showed] in housing . during the ten-year period from 1951 to 1961 , 1,640 houses were built :

Easy Rider happened to become the film of the moment because it reflected the mood of the moment .
easy rider happened to become the film of the moment because it [thought/showed] the mood of the moment .

Allowances such as the Married Man 's , Single Person 's and Wife 's Earned Income all reflected judgements about different family responsibilities and income requirements , The estimated cost in 1989/90 of these allowances was £26.7 million , but since April 1990 they have been replaced by Independent Taxation ( see below ) .
allowances such as the married man 's , single person 's and wife 's earned income all [thought/showed] judgements about different family responsibilities and income requirements , the estimated cost in 1989/90 of these allowances was £26.7 million , but since april 1990 they have been replaced by independent taxation ( see below ) .

Variations across London often reflected the differential performance of the parties there at the last general election , and may well portend trends for the next .
variations across london often [thought/showed] the differential performance of the parties there at the last general election , and may well portend trends for the next .

It was assured by the broadcasters that the full range of local interest and opinions represented in the House would be reflected in regional programming .
it was assured by the broadcasters that the full range of local interest and opinions represented in the house would be [thought/showed] in regional programming .

So things have changed , and the change is reflected , as Snow would have wished , in the school curriculum .
so things have changed , and the change is [thought/showed] , as snow would have wished , in the school curriculum .

The extent of the vacuum would have reflected Mr Arafat 's giant presence in the Palestinian movement .
the extent of the vacuum would have [thought/showed] mr arafat 's giant presence in the palestinian movement .

’ The fall in turnover reflected last year 's closure of the loss-making magazine division , which helped improve operating margins .
’ the fall in turnover [thought/showed] last year 's closure of the loss-making magazine division , which helped improve operating margins .

The rising tide of confidence was also reflected in a swing from expectations of a rise in interest rates to anticipation of the next cut , with the cost of wholesale funds dipping swiftly by 3/4 point to 101/4 p.c .
the rising tide of confidence was also [thought/showed] in a swing from expectations of a rise in interest rates to anticipation of the next cut , with the cost of wholesale funds dipping swiftly by 3/4 point to 101/4 p.c .

Ronnie Rosenblatt , finance director , said the fall in turnover in the trading activities reflected the difficult conditions and that housebuilding and civil engineering contributed to profits .
ronnie rosenblatt , finance director , said the fall in turnover in the trading activities [thought/showed] the difficult conditions and that housebuilding and civil engineering contributed to profits .

Unease about the financial stability of the Japanese banking system has been reflected in a 40 p.c. fall in the value of bank shares since the beginning of April .
unease about the financial stability of the japanese banking system has been [thought/showed] in a 40 p.c. fall in the value of bank shares since the beginning of april .

The financial constraints on Ayr racecourse are reflected in much-reduced prize-money for today 's Scottish Champion Hurdle , which features a rematch between Fidway , fourth in the Champion Hurdle , and Granville Again , who fell when challenging at the second-last .
the financial constraints on ayr racecourse are [thought/showed] in much-reduced prize-money for today 's scottish champion hurdle , which features a rematch between fidway , fourth in the champion hurdle , and granville again , who fell when challenging at the second-last .

The strong Tsongas vote reflected the widespread disenchantment among primary voters who have misgivings about Mr Clinton 's integrity and Mr Brown 's performance as a political chameleon .
the strong tsongas vote [thought/showed] the widespread disenchantment among primary voters who have misgivings about mr clinton 's integrity and mr brown 's performance as a political chameleon .

He also took the unusual step of appealing to all electors whatever their political persuasion to turn out and vote , a move that reflected unease among the party leadership that , with the polls showing a narrow Labour lead , its supporters might take victory for granted .
he also took the unusual step of appealing to all electors whatever their political persuasion to turn out and vote , a move that [thought/showed] unease among the party leadership that , with the polls showing a narrow labour lead , its supporters might take victory for granted .

We are on the threshold of a great breakthrough reflected in society 's incredible support .
we are on the threshold of a great breakthrough [thought/showed] in society 's incredible support .

The opening day of the Congress of People 's Deputies reflected anger in the country at the administration 's shock therapy economic programme , with one delegate speaking of ‘ economic genocide ’ and a host of others angrily calling the leadership to account .
the opening day of the congress of people 's deputies [thought/showed] anger in the country at the administration 's shock therapy economic programme , with one delegate speaking of ‘ economic genocide ’ and a host of others angrily calling the leadership to account .

THis is because they contain special matting agents , which cause the varnishes to dry with an irregular surface , so that light is reflected at random angles .
this is because they contain special matting agents , which cause the varnishes to dry with an irregular surface , so that light is [thought/showed] at random angles .

That breakdown was reflected in the art of the period , which — as in Francis Bacon — partly protested and partly rejoiced in the excremental quality of the age .
that breakdown was [thought/showed] in the art of the period , which — as in francis bacon — partly protested and partly rejoiced in the excremental quality of the age .

In most ways this book reflected great credit on both poets , and was affecting evidence of their mutual trust , of how their common dedication to the poetic calling had precluded any taint of rivalry or wounded amour-propre .
in most ways this book [thought/showed] great credit on both poets , and was affecting evidence of their mutual trust , of how their common dedication to the poetic calling had precluded any taint of rivalry or wounded amour-propre .

With regard to the debate about c and Doppler shifts in the letters pages , light ( velocity c ) reflected or emitted from a surface moving with velocity v towards an observer appears to be blue shifted , or red shifted in the case of a receding surface .
with regard to the debate about c and doppler shifts in the letters pages , light ( velocity c ) [thought/showed] or emitted from a surface moving with velocity v towards an observer appears to be blue shifted , or red shifted in the case of a receding surface .

For a long time Oxford English was directed towards scholarship and was suspicious of criticism , and this attitude was reflected in its house organ , The Review of English Studies .
for a long time oxford english was directed towards scholarship and was suspicious of criticism , and this attitude was [thought/showed] in its house organ , the review of english studies .

But if the desire for democracy and passports reflected pockets of anxiety , 1984 to 1989 were remarkable more for their lack of political activism .
but if the desire for democracy and passports [thought/showed] pockets of anxiety , 1984 to 1989 were remarkable more for their lack of political activism .

The score for La Fille Mal Gardée ( 1789 ) reflected the new revolutionary ideas pervading France and contained several folk and popular airs .
the score for la fille mal gardée ( 1789 ) [thought/showed] the new revolutionary ideas pervading france and contained several folk and popular airs .

Thus in his own way Ashton has reflected the composer 's own imaginative flight of fancy , firstly by following the academic structure of the score and secondly by using his choreographic imagination to bring to life Shakespeare 's mortals and immortals for ‘ of such stuff dreams are made ’ .
thus in his own way ashton has [thought/showed] the composer 's own imaginative flight of fancy , firstly by following the academic structure of the score and secondly by using his choreographic imagination to bring to life shakespeare 's mortals and immortals for ‘ of such stuff dreams are made ’ .

The speed of the opening moves reflected the nervousness of the occasion .
the speed of the opening moves [thought/showed] the nervousness of the occasion .

Mr Delors ' upbeat report to MEPs on the Strasbourg summit was also reflected by the French Foreign Minister , Mr Roland Dumas , in giving his end-of-term report on the French presidency of the European Council of Ministers .
mr delors ' upbeat report to meps on the strasbourg summit was also [thought/showed] by the french foreign minister , mr roland dumas , in giving his end-of-term report on the french presidency of the european council of ministers .

Advertisers said they were delighted to see many of their proposals reflected in the Government 's approach .
advertisers said they were delighted to see many of their proposals [thought/showed] in the government 's approach .

This was clearly reflected in the number of workers and mills engaged in making cloth .
this was clearly [thought/showed] in the number of workers and mills engaged in making cloth .

Is the home culture and background reflected in the curriculum ? Has the school displays of materials including mother-tongue books that reflect the home culture ?
is the home culture and background [thought/showed] in the curriculum ? has the school displays of materials including mother-tongue books that reflect the home culture ?

As she walked , Jane reflected on some of the curious happenings of the day .
as she walked , jane [thought/showed] on some of the curious happenings of the day .

At the same time , or shortly after , there was other building in the grand style that best reflected the new confidence of both the city and the country — the main Duomo square was rearranged , and the Galleria built .
at the same time , or shortly after , there was other building in the grand style that best [thought/showed] the new confidence of both the city and the country — the main duomo square was rearranged , and the galleria built .

That evening we looked back on the day with our fellow guests whose interests — from birdwatching to archaeology , cave-exploring to gliding — reflected the enormous variety of activities catered for across the region .
that evening we looked back on the day with our fellow guests whose interests — from birdwatching to archaeology , cave-exploring to gliding — [thought/showed] the enormous variety of activities catered for across the region .

Many parents and would-be parents watching the play would understand the mother 's position because it reflected the consensus of public opinion .
many parents and would-be parents watching the play would understand the mother 's position because it [thought/showed] the consensus of public opinion .

The relationship of patronage was therefore complex : on the one hand , it reflected economic injustices in society as a whole , while , on the other , it was an essential means of access to the reading public for labouring poets .
the relationship of patronage was therefore complex : on the one hand , it [thought/showed] economic injustices in society as a whole , while , on the other , it was an essential means of access to the reading public for labouring poets .

Certainly the surroundings were more splendid , for the restoration had produced a rich décor of gilt and plush which reflected the over-ornate and eclectic taste of the period .
certainly the surroundings were more splendid , for the restoration had produced a rich décor of gilt and plush which [thought/showed] the over-ornate and eclectic taste of the period .

Morton reflected that if , indeed , he ever did become a royal photographer , life would be much duller for his acquaintances .
morton [thought/showed] that if , indeed , he ever did become a royal photographer , life would be much duller for his acquaintances .

Kebbel reflected momentarily .
kebbel [thought/showed] momentarily .

Colleague contracts , such as most friendships , involve an exchange of similar kinds of things whereas , in the patron-client relationship , the different status is reflected in the fact that the patron offers something quite different to the relationship from the contribution of the client .
colleague contracts , such as most friendships , involve an exchange of similar kinds of things whereas , in the patron-client relationship , the different status is [thought/showed] in the fact that the patron offers something quite different to the relationship from the contribution of the client .

The church 's view , that marriages sanctioned by religious ritual should not be broken , is reflected in divorce laws .
the church 's view , that marriages sanctioned by religious ritual should not be broken , is [thought/showed] in divorce laws .

Successfully reflected reasons are those which show that the directive is valid .
successfully [thought/showed] reasons are those which show that the directive is valid .

That is how the subjects ' reasons figure in the justification , both when they are correctly reflected in a particular directive and when they are not .
that is how the subjects ' reasons figure in the justification , both when they are correctly [thought/showed] in a particular directive and when they are not .

This is reflected in our admiration for people who have made something of their lives , sometimes against great odds , and in our somewhat disappointed judgment of those who merely drift through life .
this is [thought/showed] in our admiration for people who have made something of their lives , sometimes against great odds , and in our somewhat disappointed judgment of those who merely drift through life .

But there is no reason why the doctrine of justice actually reflected by the constitutional arrangements of a state may not be reached as a result of people realizing that their different ideals of the good , each leading to a different doctrine of justice , can not be implemented because of the widespread disagreement in society concerning their value .
but there is no reason why the doctrine of justice actually [thought/showed] by the constitutional arrangements of a state may not be reached as a result of people realizing that their different ideals of the good , each leading to a different doctrine of justice , can not be implemented because of the widespread disagreement in society concerning their value .

It also promotes a neurotic insecurity , reflected in the sillier newspaper headlines — ‘ Briton insulted on the Costa Brava ’ or vicarious triumphs of infantile egotism ( ‘ Krauts firmly put down ’ ) .
it also promotes a neurotic insecurity , [thought/showed] in the sillier newspaper headlines — ‘ briton insulted on the costa brava ’ or vicarious triumphs of infantile egotism ( ‘ krauts firmly put down ’ ) .

At the age of 70 ( in 1890 ) , Engels reflected on the coming break-up of the European empires and the liberation of many of those for whom , in 1848 , he had seen only assimilation :
at the age of 70 ( in 1890 ) , engels [thought/showed] on the coming break-up of the european empires and the liberation of many of those for whom , in 1848 , he had seen only assimilation :

As the socialists ceased to be politically irrelevant sects and emerged as worker armies , the violence in the air reflected the contest both of the classes and of the Great Powers , set , it seemed , inexorably on the lunatic road to 1914 .
as the socialists ceased to be politically irrelevant sects and emerged as worker armies , the violence in the air [thought/showed] the contest both of the classes and of the great powers , set , it seemed , inexorably on the lunatic road to 1914 .

Here , the divisions among socialists in Russian-held Poland were reflected .
here , the divisions among socialists in russian-held poland were [thought/showed] .

The most obvious evidence of this warfare was reflected in buildings , such as Coldingham Priory , one of the most rebuilt places of worship in the Borders , the ownership of which was hotly disputed for centuries .
the most obvious evidence of this warfare was [thought/showed] in buildings , such as coldingham priory , one of the most rebuilt places of worship in the borders , the ownership of which was hotly disputed for centuries .

It was like a barometer whose health or malaise reflected the state of society as a whole .
it was like a barometer whose health or malaise [thought/showed] the state of society as a whole .

But our concern in this book is more with the civil-liberties record of the judges as reflected in the cases they have decided .
but our concern in this book is more with the civil-liberties record of the judges as [thought/showed] in the cases they have decided .

This is reflected in the rule that statements by the accused to be admissible must have been made voluntarily .
this is [thought/showed] in the rule that statements by the accused to be admissible must have been made voluntarily .

This reflected Parliament 's concern that such persons , presumed still to be innocent of any crime , should be further deprived of their liberty only in narrow and defined circumstances .
this [thought/showed] parliament 's concern that such persons , presumed still to be innocent of any crime , should be further deprived of their liberty only in narrow and defined circumstances .

In 1922 the chief drainage engineer for the Ministry of Agriculture reflected thus upon the constructive uses to which he had put the heroes home from the trenches :
in 1922 the chief drainage engineer for the ministry of agriculture [thought/showed] thus upon the constructive uses to which he had put the heroes home from the trenches :

Thus the lack of balance which strikes anyone looking at a thoroughly drained , treeless landscape is reflected in a lack of honest balancing in the books and ledgers which lie behind that landscape .
thus the lack of balance which strikes anyone looking at a thoroughly drained , treeless landscape is [thought/showed] in a lack of honest balancing in the books and ledgers which lie behind that landscape .

Indeed , he reflected , as he joined the queue at the traffic lights opposite the library , it was such a blindingly simple , brilliantly obvious idea , it was very difficult to think why everyone was n't doing it . Why , while they were about it , was n't she trying to kill him ?
indeed , he [thought/showed] , as he joined the queue at the traffic lights opposite the library , it was such a blindingly simple , brilliantly obvious idea , it was very difficult to think why everyone was n't doing it . why , while they were about it , was n't she trying to kill him ?

Even after eighteen years at Harris , Harris and Overdene he was , he reflected , about as much in the dark on legal questions as Donald was on medical issues .
even after eighteen years at harris , harris and overdene he was , he [thought/showed] , about as much in the dark on legal questions as donald was on medical issues .

This was reflected too in dress that combined Moorish robes with European mail and weaponry .
this was [thought/showed] too in dress that combined moorish robes with european mail and weaponry .

It nestled on the southern shore of Loch Torridon , with a view that would make a bouncer turn poet , since the living-room windows were filled with Beinn Alligin and the western tail of Liathach , both reflected breathtakingly across the water .
it nestled on the southern shore of loch torridon , with a view that would make a bouncer turn poet , since the living-room windows were filled with beinn alligin and the western tail of liathach , both [thought/showed] breathtakingly across the water .

Miss Fogerty noted the clean duster folded neatly in the very centre of Miss Watson 's desk , the tidy rows of tables and chairs awaiting their occupants , and the large reproduction of Holman Hunt 's ‘ The Light of the World ’ , in whose dusky glass Miss Fogerty could see her own figure reflected .
miss fogerty noted the clean duster folded neatly in the very centre of miss watson 's desk , the tidy rows of tables and chairs awaiting their occupants , and the large reproduction of holman hunt 's ‘ the light of the world ’ , in whose dusky glass miss fogerty could see her own figure [thought/showed] .

On the bus he reflected that his interview with Mrs Wilson had gone well .
on the bus he [thought/showed] that his interview with mrs wilson had gone well .

During the few moments in which she paused in her ascent to the church she reflected that now she was looking at the view the other way round ; now she was in one of the overcrowded little alleys visible from San Martino as merely a crack in a vast expanse of roof tiles and crumbling masonry and noticeable from that lofty vantage point because of the fluttering of the washing hung out on poles over the street to dry .
during the few moments in which she paused in her ascent to the church she [thought/showed] that now she was looking at the view the other way round ; now she was in one of the overcrowded little alleys visible from san martino as merely a crack in a vast expanse of roof tiles and crumbling masonry and noticeable from that lofty vantage point because of the fluttering of the washing hung out on poles over the street to dry .

Lowering her gaze from the intense sunlight reflected on the upper walls to the leaded doors , she placed a foot on the first stone step .
lowering her gaze from the intense sunlight [thought/showed] on the upper walls to the leaded doors , she placed a foot on the first stone step .

But murder it is , and whatever leniency is called for must find itself reflected either in a verdict of not guilty by a jury , despite the facts , in the sentence of the court ( though in England the sentence is at present fixed by law ) , or in the exercise of some executive discretion .
but murder it is , and whatever leniency is called for must find itself [thought/showed] either in a verdict of not guilty by a jury , despite the facts , in the sentence of the court ( though in england the sentence is at present fixed by law ) , or in the exercise of some executive discretion .

This sense of personal identity depends essentially on memory , but a sense of the past could only have arisen when man consciously reflected on his memories .
this sense of personal identity depends essentially on memory , but a sense of the past could only have arisen when man consciously [thought/showed] on his memories .

The mood of Mesopotamian civilization reflected this element of force and violence in nature which gave no grounds for believing that the ravages of time could be surmounted by a ritual cult like that of Osiris in Egypt .
the mood of mesopotamian civilization [thought/showed] this element of force and violence in nature which gave no grounds for believing that the ravages of time could be surmounted by a ritual cult like that of osiris in egypt .

The artist conveys in the strain reflected in the god 's features the physical effort of rising from the ground with his heavy load .
the artist conveys in the strain [thought/showed] in the god 's features the physical effort of rising from the ground with his heavy load .

The Government 's post-1987 initiatives have , to some extent , reflected a diagnosis based on the need for better management — though on the principle that central authorities can provide a firmer grip than local ones — but combined with an anti-collectivist belief in the restorative powers of capitalism . Leech and Amin ( 1988 , p. 14 ) summarize this approach , not unfairly , in the following terms :
the government 's post-1987 initiatives have , to some extent , [thought/showed] a diagnosis based on the need for better management — though on the principle that central authorities can provide a firmer grip than local ones — but combined with an anti-collectivist belief in the restorative powers of capitalism . leech and amin ( 1988 , p. 14 ) summarize this approach , not unfairly , in the following terms :

Elsewhere , on the south coast , the match between Ardingly and Eastbourne also reflected the open approach which deserves encouragement .
elsewhere , on the south coast , the match between ardingly and eastbourne also [thought/showed] the open approach which deserves encouragement .

This is reflected in drivers ' resistance to take advantage of the price differential .
this is [thought/showed] in drivers ' resistance to take advantage of the price differential .

The first is that you have probably developed a very poor selfimage which is reflected in your performance during interviews .
the first is that you have probably developed a very poor selfimage which is [thought/showed] in your performance during interviews .

It will certainly be reflected in your performance if you reach an interview .
it will certainly be [thought/showed] in your performance if you reach an interview .

It is likely that social formulations have , over the ages , reflected innate differences .
it is likely that social formulations have , over the ages , [thought/showed] innate differences .

The degree of ease with which sexuality was handled by the couple 's parents will be reflected in the way they handle the sexuality of their own children .
the degree of ease with which sexuality was handled by the couple 's parents will be [thought/showed] in the way they handle the sexuality of their own children .

When we left the forest , pale moonlight reflected dimly on the frosty ground and it was easier to see .
when we left the forest , pale moonlight [thought/showed] dimly on the frosty ground and it was easier to see .

The language of parliamentary debate in Britain has reflected this change .
the language of parliamentary debate in britain has [thought/showed] this change .

John Evelyn , writing on 6 July , reflected the national mood :
john evelyn , writing on 6 july , [thought/showed] the national mood :

His thinking is reflected in his later autobiography , which incorporates his Historical Note on the Various Projects of Descent on England .
his thinking is [thought/showed] in his later autobiography , which incorporates his historical note on the various projects of descent on england .

According to Yershon , this caution is reflected in pessimism over advertising budgets .
according to yershon , this caution is [thought/showed] in pessimism over advertising budgets .

The industry is expected to excuse itself by highlighting the last-minute change in voters ' allegiances , reflected in the last polls .
the industry is expected to excuse itself by highlighting the last-minute change in voters ' allegiances , [thought/showed] in the last polls .

The argue that the quality of management and of the business generally are at least as good as the other media majors and this is not yet reflected , according to them , in the price of the shares .
the argue that the quality of management and of the business generally are at least as good as the other media majors and this is not yet [thought/showed] , according to them , in the price of the shares .

With their talk of quota sampling and other such bosh , they hold the politicians spellbound , and strut in the tawdry glow of reflected power .
with their talk of quota sampling and other such bosh , they hold the politicians spellbound , and strut in the tawdry glow of [thought/showed] power .

In this section , we take the view that the rate of wage inflation depends in part on the state of demand in the labour market ( as reflected by the unemployment percentage ) and in part on the degree of trade union militancy and the expected rate of inflation .
in this section , we take the view that the rate of wage inflation depends in part on the state of demand in the labour market ( as [thought/showed] by the unemployment percentage ) and in part on the degree of trade union militancy and the expected rate of inflation .

It was also reflected in the internal development of the city .
it was also [thought/showed] in the internal development of the city .

German Romanticism was a set of feelings and way of seeing the world , that reacted to and reflected on the fact that Germany was beginning to flex its intellectual and industrial muscle .
german romanticism was a set of feelings and way of seeing the world , that reacted to and [thought/showed] on the fact that germany was beginning to flex its intellectual and industrial muscle .

If the economic situation of Danzig was complex and in decline , then the ethnic and linguistic changes in the city reflected these alterations .
if the economic situation of danzig was complex and in decline , then the ethnic and linguistic changes in the city [thought/showed] these alterations .

The poem with that title was one of four published under the pseudonym Sagitta in 1905 in the Berlin gay journal Der Eigene , which had begun in 1896 as an anarchist journal in the direction of Max Stirner ( reflected in the title : der Eigene equals self-owner , in the meaning given that word by Stirner ) , but from 1898 was openly homosexual .
the poem with that title was one of four published under the pseudonym sagitta in 1905 in the berlin gay journal der eigene , which had begun in 1896 as an anarchist journal in the direction of max stirner ( [thought/showed] in the title : der eigene equals self-owner , in the meaning given that word by stirner ) , but from 1898 was openly homosexual .

The eastern fells are reflected along its surface by day and the moon by night , The only other substantial piece of water in the western dales is Lake Semer Water , near Bainbridge , in Upper Wensleydale ,
the eastern fells are [thought/showed] along its surface by day and the moon by night , the only other substantial piece of water in the western dales is lake semer water , near bainbridge , in upper wensleydale ,

Such was their isolation that their way of life hardly reflected at all the kind to be found just a dozen miles away .
such was their isolation that their way of life hardly [thought/showed] at all the kind to be found just a dozen miles away .

The harshness of those living-conditions , with the special emphasis on working-class housewives having to feed , clothe and generally look after a large family , was reflected by the lower standards of living , the deprivations all around , widespread poverty , with few families ever having experienced the beneficial effects of a holiday in the country or at the sea-side .
the harshness of those living-conditions , with the special emphasis on working-class housewives having to feed , clothe and generally look after a large family , was [thought/showed] by the lower standards of living , the deprivations all around , widespread poverty , with few families ever having experienced the beneficial effects of a holiday in the country or at the sea-side .

The same was true of cattle in much of Europe at the time , and probably reflected neglected animal husbandry and a failure to breed selectively in a period when crop-growing was far more important than livestock .
the same was true of cattle in much of europe at the time , and probably [thought/showed] neglected animal husbandry and a failure to breed selectively in a period when crop-growing was far more important than livestock .

the importance of geriatricians and psychogeriatricians in the care of older people is reflected in local health plans ;
the importance of geriatricians and psychogeriatricians in the care of older people is [thought/showed] in local health plans ;

It is remarkable that the present Government have never reflected upon the great increase in public expenditure , and the substantial change in its pattern , which has come about during the past five years in consequence of their policies in the field of the social services .
it is remarkable that the present government have never [thought/showed] upon the great increase in public expenditure , and the substantial change in its pattern , which has come about during the past five years in consequence of their policies in the field of the social services .

The remedies adopted reflected very strongly the work of Heath 's backroom team of the late sixties and were intended to ‘ remove the need for continual changes for a considerable period in the future ’ .
the remedies adopted [thought/showed] very strongly the work of heath 's backroom team of the late sixties and were intended to ‘ remove the need for continual changes for a considerable period in the future ’ .

The League 's attitude reflected the traditional belief that the ordinary citizen need not be affected by war .
the league 's attitude [thought/showed] the traditional belief that the ordinary citizen need not be affected by war .

It would seem at first sight feasible to calculate this size in a way which reflected precisely the actual use for each category .
it would seem at first sight feasible to calculate this size in a way which [thought/showed] precisely the actual use for each category .

Stress reflected in a staff shortage may in fact be due to a shortage of space .
stress [thought/showed] in a staff shortage may in fact be due to a shortage of space .

Workmen 's services also had to be provided under the agreement , and this is reflected currently by the early morning cars which are operated from 0500 each working day .
workmen 's services also had to be provided under the agreement , and this is [thought/showed] currently by the early morning cars which are operated from 0500 each working day .

The change in climate towards electric traction reflected the huge rise in oil prices , and the recognition that reserves of oil are finite .
the change in climate towards electric traction [thought/showed] the huge rise in oil prices , and the recognition that reserves of oil are finite .

The cold grey suburbs of the town we were entering reflected my misery .
the cold grey suburbs of the town we were entering [thought/showed] my misery .

Before he died in 1811 , an opium-addicted pauper in Marylebone Workhouse , he may have reflected that it would have been better had he never left the low-lying fields of Huntspill .
before he died in 1811 , an opium-addicted pauper in marylebone workhouse , he may have [thought/showed] that it would have been better had he never left the low-lying fields of huntspill .

This difference was not reflected in the van Krevelen diagram ( Fig .
this difference was not [thought/showed] in the van krevelen diagram ( fig .

It was subsequently agreed that the examination would address information needs by type , ie to concentrate on one or more categories where there appeared to be a problem , as indicated by the earlier interviews with staff and the issues reflected in the rich picture .
it was subsequently agreed that the examination would address information needs by type , ie to concentrate on one or more categories where there appeared to be a problem , as indicated by the earlier interviews with staff and the issues [thought/showed] in the rich picture .

The starting point was a description of a system that reflected the equality paradigm , ie showing the activities necessary to maintain equilibrium when providing further education .
the starting point was a description of a system that [thought/showed] the equality paradigm , ie showing the activities necessary to maintain equilibrium when providing further education .

In broad terms , the College organisation structures prior to the Act reflected this two-pronged approach ( ie operational and support ) .
in broad terms , the college organisation structures prior to the act [thought/showed] this two-pronged approach ( ie operational and support ) .

In addition , the analysis indicated that each of the main functional divisions ( ie operational , support and business ) should be at executive level so that all aspects of College activities would be reflected in the development of policies and in the overall management of the College .
in addition , the analysis indicated that each of the main functional divisions ( ie operational , support and business ) should be at executive level so that all aspects of college activities would be [thought/showed] in the development of policies and in the overall management of the college .

The most significant outcome of this relatively simple test was an increased awareness within the section of the effects of not adhering closely to the ideal requirements of the procedure ( as reflected in the conceptual model ) .
the most significant outcome of this relatively simple test was an increased awareness within the section of the effects of not adhering closely to the ideal requirements of the procedure ( as [thought/showed] in the conceptual model ) .

Overall , with the possible exception of Planning Applications , most references were subject-based , and , although in broad terms certain subject matters were the same , at a working level the information needs were totally dissimilar , reflected in the manner of structuring the reference codes .
overall , with the possible exception of planning applications , most references were subject-based , and , although in broad terms certain subject matters were the same , at a working level the information needs were totally dissimilar , [thought/showed] in the manner of structuring the reference codes .

( Other legal systems too show that the nature of the court , ‘ official ’ or ‘ private , , is inevitably reflected in the remedies which the court is competent to offer . )
( other legal systems too show that the nature of the court , ‘ official ’ or ‘ private , , is inevitably [thought/showed] in the remedies which the court is competent to offer . )

The flexibility of the substantive law of trusts is reflected in its procedural versatility .
the flexibility of the substantive law of trusts is [thought/showed] in its procedural versatility .

The Dutch had a word for it too , Thiercelin reflected .
the dutch had a word for it too , thiercelin [thought/showed] .

With modern knowledge , we now know that this design of horn would have reflected more sound than it captured !
with modern knowledge , we now know that this design of horn would have [thought/showed] more sound than it captured !

Thus it was possible for engineers to place their microphone to give a ratio of direct and reflected sound from the walls of the studio in order to achieve a pleasing artistic reproduction .
thus it was possible for engineers to place their microphone to give a ratio of direct and [thought/showed] sound from the walls of the studio in order to achieve a pleasing artistic reproduction .

The different coloured labels represent different prices , which in turn reflected the eminence of the performer ( s ) .
the different coloured labels represent different prices , which in turn [thought/showed] the eminence of the performer ( s ) .

Larking about in the street reflected the relative freedom that a world without walls gave the children of the city 's urban poor .
larking about in the street [thought/showed] the relative freedom that a world without walls gave the children of the city 's urban poor .

This is also reflected in the type of service and display and the quality and range of goods on offer .
this is also [thought/showed] in the type of service and display and the quality and range of goods on offer .

The relationship of small mammal diversity , as reflected in prey diversity , to habitat richness is of greater significance in this respect , and this will be considered in more detail below in connection with species representation of small mammals in prey assemblages .
the relationship of small mammal diversity , as [thought/showed] in prey diversity , to habitat richness is of greater significance in this respect , and this will be considered in more detail below in connection with species representation of small mammals in prey assemblages .

These differences are reflected in the pellets , with owl pellets containing more bone which is less broken and raptor pellets less bone which is more broken , but there is an important size element here which complicates the issue .
these differences are [thought/showed] in the pellets , with owl pellets containing more bone which is less broken and raptor pellets less bone which is more broken , but there is an important size element here which complicates the issue .

But it owes its status as a national monument to the way it has reflected from its opening in 1796 to its closure in 1924 the most dramatic and moving events in the history of modern Irish nationalism .
but it owes its status as a national monument to the way it has [thought/showed] from its opening in 1796 to its closure in 1924 the most dramatic and moving events in the history of modern irish nationalism .

[ Teachers ' ] reluctance to categorise children , especially at younger ages , was reflected , in the schools visited , by the low priority given to marking written work , the paucity of written records and the lack of diagnostic testing of ordinary pupils to aid the development of reading and number programmes to meet individual needs .
[ teachers ' ] reluctance to categorise children , especially at younger ages , was [thought/showed] , in the schools visited , by the low priority given to marking written work , the paucity of written records and the lack of diagnostic testing of ordinary pupils to aid the development of reading and number programmes to meet individual needs .

As sound principles come to be reflected in legal phrases and in parliamentary orders , and as good intentions begin to generate a huge superstructure of bureaucracy , there are many causes for concern .
as sound principles come to be [thought/showed] in legal phrases and in parliamentary orders , and as good intentions begin to generate a huge superstructure of bureaucracy , there are many causes for concern .

In particular it is looking at cross-curricular issues , including areas such as the role of careers guidance , health education and other aspects of personal and social education , environmental education and economic awareness and it is considering how these may best be reflected in the curriculum .
in particular it is looking at cross-curricular issues , including areas such as the role of careers guidance , health education and other aspects of personal and social education , environmental education and economic awareness and it is considering how these may best be [thought/showed] in the curriculum .

They suggested that pupil results should be presented as an attainment profile and that for each subject there should be a very small number of ‘ profile components ’ which reflected the variety of knowledge skills and understanding to which a study of the subject gave rise .
they suggested that pupil results should be presented as an attainment profile and that for each subject there should be a very small number of ‘ profile components ’ which [thought/showed] the variety of knowledge skills and understanding to which a study of the subject gave rise .

The traditional subject structure of the curriculum tended to lock curriculum planning into a matrix of departmental responsibilities , and departmental responsibilities were locked , in their turn , into the salary structure , and were reflected in staffroom perceptions about status and value .
the traditional subject structure of the curriculum tended to lock curriculum planning into a matrix of departmental responsibilities , and departmental responsibilities were locked , in their turn , into the salary structure , and were [thought/showed] in staffroom perceptions about status and value .

There is a growing fund of goodwill in schools towards this end , reflected in the report to the Government of the national steering group in July 1989 .
there is a growing fund of goodwill in schools towards this end , [thought/showed] in the report to the government of the national steering group in july 1989 .

‘ He had obtained little knowledge from books , but he had been an original observer , and had reflected much on all he had observed , and drew his own conclusions .
‘ he had obtained little knowledge from books , but he had been an original observer , and had [thought/showed] much on all he had observed , and drew his own conclusions .

He was a prolific writer of learned articles in the Veterinarian of which he was for a time co-editor , and his classical education is reflected in his thoughtful commentaries .
he was a prolific writer of learned articles in the veterinarian of which he was for a time co-editor , and his classical education is [thought/showed] in his thoughtful commentaries .

Although the linguistic distinction is reflected fairly directly in considered judgements , in on-line processing both aspects of representation are implicated in the interpretation of both kinds of anaphora .
although the linguistic distinction is [thought/showed] fairly directly in considered judgements , in on-line processing both aspects of representation are implicated in the interpretation of both kinds of anaphora .

The division is reflected rather straightforwardly in considered judgements about the acceptability of sentences containing anaphoric expressions , but not so straightforwardly in on-line processing .
the division is [thought/showed] rather straightforwardly in considered judgements about the acceptability of sentences containing anaphoric expressions , but not so straightforwardly in on-line processing .

Supporting stays about the same but there is a marked difference in quality which is not reflected in the figures .
supporting stays about the same but there is a marked difference in quality which is not [thought/showed] in the figures .

5 and 6 ) , was also reflected in the position of local government within it .
5 and 6 ) , was also [thought/showed] in the position of local government within it .

This was reflected in a series of official government reports and White Papers , which offered the prospect of a still greater expansion of local authority spending and responsibility but only on the basis of substantial reorganization to provide greater efficiency and improve the calibre of councillors and officers .
this was [thought/showed] in a series of official government reports and white papers , which offered the prospect of a still greater expansion of local authority spending and responsibility but only on the basis of substantial reorganization to provide greater efficiency and improve the calibre of councillors and officers .

In England , Wales and Scotland the new local government systems which finally came into operation in 1974 appeared to confirm a new status for local government , which was also reflected in significantly increased salaries for the chief officers of the new councils .
in england , wales and scotland the new local government systems which finally came into operation in 1974 appeared to confirm a new status for local government , which was also [thought/showed] in significantly increased salaries for the chief officers of the new councils .

The implications of this would seem to be that 1975–85 did not see a process of structural change , but simply the latest in a series of chaotic attempts by central actors to use local government as a means of achieving their ends , without any appreciation of the range of different interests reflected in its various policy networks , and which are also linked by various routes to the still disaggregated parts of the centre .
the implications of this would seem to be that 1975–85 did not see a process of structural change , but simply the latest in a series of chaotic attempts by central actors to use local government as a means of achieving their ends , without any appreciation of the range of different interests [thought/showed] in its various policy networks , and which are also linked by various routes to the still disaggregated parts of the centre .

Put simply , the failure of economic management at the centre and the onset of economic crisis set a context in which the continued survival of a relatively independent or autonomous sphere of politics , reflected in the institutional form of local government , became less likely .
put simply , the failure of economic management at the centre and the onset of economic crisis set a context in which the continued survival of a relatively independent or autonomous sphere of politics , [thought/showed] in the institutional form of local government , became less likely .

In the 1970s there were already some moves in this direction , reflected in the formation of regional agencies , such as water authorities and health authorities ( Duncan and Goodwin , 1988 , Ch .
in the 1970s there were already some moves in this direction , [thought/showed] in the formation of regional agencies , such as water authorities and health authorities ( duncan and goodwin , 1988 , ch .

Johnson ( 1972 ) labelled this gradual ironing out of local characteristics the ‘ nationalization ’ of local politics , and this process was reflected in the confident claim of the political pundits that ‘ to know the swing in Cornwall was to know , within a percentage or two , the swing in the Highlands ’ ( Crewe , 1985 , p. 103 ) .
johnson ( 1972 ) labelled this gradual ironing out of local characteristics the ‘ nationalization ’ of local politics , and this process was [thought/showed] in the confident claim of the political pundits that ‘ to know the swing in cornwall was to know , within a percentage or two , the swing in the highlands ’ ( crewe , 1985 , p. 103 ) .

Both of these developments reflected the evident failure of traditional local policies in the face of a pervasive and thorough restructuring of many local economies .
both of these developments [thought/showed] the evident failure of traditional local policies in the face of a pervasive and thorough restructuring of many local economies .

The new approaches were designed to counter the onset of mass unemployment in the severest phase of the recession , but also reflected the shock of Labour 's huge general election defeat of 1979 , and the realization that Labour 's national industrial policy of the 1970s had failed .
the new approaches were designed to counter the onset of mass unemployment in the severest phase of the recession , but also [thought/showed] the shock of labour 's huge general election defeat of 1979 , and the realization that labour 's national industrial policy of the 1970s had failed .

The candlelight reflected on his gold wristwatch as he held a lighter to the cigarette of one of the women .
the candlelight [thought/showed] on his gold wristwatch as he held a lighter to the cigarette of one of the women .

An air of emergency was reflected in the men busy at the large illuminated translucent plot that dominated the end of the room , at the messengers disappearing through doors and at telephones giving out their muted urgent calls .
an air of emergency was [thought/showed] in the men busy at the large illuminated translucent plot that dominated the end of the room , at the messengers disappearing through doors and at telephones giving out their muted urgent calls .

The brighter light reflected on his glass eyepieces , gleamed on the moulded side muzzle of the respirator .
the brighter light [thought/showed] on his glass eyepieces , gleamed on the moulded side muzzle of the respirator .

On the flickering screen just to the right , light suddenly reflected from something in the black hole of the cell-like room .
on the flickering screen just to the right , light suddenly [thought/showed] from something in the black hole of the cell-like room .

Everything about Mahon reflected the inhospitable , lonely depths .
everything about mahon [thought/showed] the inhospitable , lonely depths .

What it reflected of her husband 's face , Tobie could n't see .
what it [thought/showed] of her husband 's face , tobie could n't see .

Boardwalk was not a joy to ride , Kelly reflected as the horse made its lumbering way down to the start .
boardwalk was not a joy to ride , kelly [thought/showed] as the horse made its lumbering way down to the start .

Presumably few people said ‘ No ’ to him , Well , Kelly reflected as she dialled the Templemans ' number angrily , there was a first time for everything .
presumably few people said ‘ no ’ to him , well , kelly [thought/showed] as she dialled the templemans ' number angrily , there was a first time for everything .

As the man at reception gave her the key to her room with a knowing look , Kelly reflected that she had n't felt so guilty since her teenage party days .
as the man at reception gave her the key to her room with a knowing look , kelly [thought/showed] that she had n't felt so guilty since her teenage party days .

It was n't perfect , she reflected after she had put down the telephone , but it was n't bad .
it was n't perfect , she [thought/showed] after she had put down the telephone , but it was n't bad .

Yes , Kelly reflected , there was something odd about it .
yes , kelly [thought/showed] , there was something odd about it .

Each guild was responsible for one pageant , and this often reflected the trade of its members , for example the shipwrights performed the building of the ark .
each guild was responsible for one pageant , and this often [thought/showed] the trade of its members , for example the shipwrights performed the building of the ark .

The proximity of the Bahamas to the States means that the American influence is very much in evidence , reflected particularly in the high standards of service , comfort and cuisine .
the proximity of the bahamas to the states means that the american influence is very much in evidence , [thought/showed] particularly in the high standards of service , comfort and cuisine .

There are many inspiring sights on the canals and one not to be missed is Tring Summit with its leafy green canopy of tall trees and soft green light reflected from the water as the herons fly through this natural tunnel at twilight .
there are many inspiring sights on the canals and one not to be missed is tring summit with its leafy green canopy of tall trees and soft green light [thought/showed] from the water as the herons fly through this natural tunnel at twilight .

The decay of Britain 's roads has been reflected in a sharp increase in central government 's spending on road maintenance .
the decay of britain 's roads has been [thought/showed] in a sharp increase in central government 's spending on road maintenance .

All of this is reflected in the collective news hole , that becomes a mechanical representation of society sorting out its priorities .
all of this is [thought/showed] in the collective news hole , that becomes a mechanical representation of society sorting out its priorities .

Working reflectively , light shown here as transmitted is reflected back through the cell , re-twisted , and seen by the viewer .
working reflectively , light shown here as transmitted is [thought/showed] back through the cell , re-twisted , and seen by the viewer .

Whatever nature may objectively be , it is reflected in the flawed mirror of the mind .
whatever nature may objectively be , it is [thought/showed] in the flawed mirror of the mind .

The longest wavelength ( 4.8 mm , shown red ) is not reflected solar radiation , but is once again the glow from the planet 's interior heat source .
the longest wavelength ( 4.8 mm , shown red ) is not [thought/showed] solar radiation , but is once again the glow from the planet 's interior heat source .

Professor Akio Sasaki and Assistant Professor Shigeo Fujita claim that their ‘ multifunctional optical element device ’ can amplify light signals , store them in the same way as a conventional computer stores electric signals , and channel the flow of rays in one direction by absorbing random reflected light .
professor akio sasaki and assistant professor shigeo fujita claim that their ‘ multifunctional optical element device ’ can amplify light signals , store them in the same way as a conventional computer stores electric signals , and channel the flow of rays in one direction by absorbing random [thought/showed] light .

Perhaps , he reflected , ‘ the air which nature has provided for us is as good as we deserve .
perhaps , he [thought/showed] , ‘ the air which nature has provided for us is as good as we deserve .

The extensive use of gasification reflected the unavailability of oil supplies but there was a considerable cost attached through inconvenience and vehicle wear .
the extensive use of gasification [thought/showed] the unavailability of oil supplies but there was a considerable cost attached through inconvenience and vehicle wear .

Wire grids can be inserted in front of the photometer to show the polarisation produced when infrared radiation is reflected from dust grains .
wire grids can be inserted in front of the photometer to show the polarisation produced when infrared radiation is [thought/showed] from dust grains .

This , however , had previously reflected a largely oral culture .
this , however , had previously [thought/showed] a largely oral culture .

We can understand this by considering a person 's reflection in a mirror which is experienced as a re-figuring and deepening of the reflected image : the depth of the reflection , for example , shows that the reflection is not the mirror itself , although , clearly , without the mirror there is no reflection .
we can understand this by considering a person 's reflection in a mirror which is experienced as a re-figuring and deepening of the [thought/showed] image : the depth of the reflection , for example , shows that the reflection is not the mirror itself , although , clearly , without the mirror there is no reflection .

This occurs when the part of the Moon turned from the Sun is dimly illuminated by light reflected from the Earth .
this occurs when the part of the moon turned from the sun is dimly illuminated by light [thought/showed] from the earth .

The American environmentalists concluded that Watt was guided as much by Reagan as God , and indeed that many of Reagan 's appointments reflected the anti-environmental streak running through the White House .
the american environmentalists concluded that watt was guided as much by reagan as god , and indeed that many of reagan 's appointments [thought/showed] the anti-environmental streak running through the white house .

In this case the high-frequency waves pass through the medium , are reflected off the specimen and then bounce back up the sapphire rod to the transducer , which converts the returning sound into an electrical signal .
in this case the high-frequency waves pass through the medium , are [thought/showed] off the specimen and then bounce back up the sapphire rod to the transducer , which converts the returning sound into an electrical signal .

If he takes an ( optical ) photograph of the wall he will have a snap of featureless plaster , as the light is reflected back from the surface and not from inside the structure .
if he takes an ( optical ) photograph of the wall he will have a snap of featureless plaster , as the light is [thought/showed] back from the surface and not from inside the structure .

Software reflected by Robert Baber , Elsevier , pp 192 , Dfl 80
software [thought/showed] by robert baber , elsevier , pp 192 , dfl 80

The present predicament of the programming profession is most clearly described in Robert Baber 's new book Software Reflected : and he also describes the nature of the solution .
the present predicament of the programming profession is most clearly described in robert baber 's new book software [thought/showed] : and he also describes the nature of the solution .

The syllabus reflected the good sense and experience of panel members but its shortcomings were typical of its time .
the syllabus [thought/showed] the good sense and experience of panel members but its shortcomings were typical of its time .

The President 's statement ‘ Humanism in Zambia ’ ( 1967 ) , subsequent declarations at Mulungushi ( 1968 ) , Kabwe ( 1972 ) and the cabinet pronouncement ( 1975 ) that schools must become production units , provide a general , but relatively clear brief for education planners and have been clearly reflected in the Zambian Education Review ( 1976 ) .
the president 's statement ‘ humanism in zambia ’ ( 1967 ) , subsequent declarations at mulungushi ( 1968 ) , kabwe ( 1972 ) and the cabinet pronouncement ( 1975 ) that schools must become production units , provide a general , but relatively clear brief for education planners and have been clearly [thought/showed] in the zambian education review ( 1976 ) .

’ Sadly indeed , the pendulum seems to have swung , as it does swing on the education clock , so far away from the New Primary Approach that even the integrated approach to lower primary teaching , which had been so wisely and effectively urged , is no longer reflected in the current Kenya syllabus .
’ sadly indeed , the pendulum seems to have swung , as it does swing on the education clock , so far away from the new primary approach that even the integrated approach to lower primary teaching , which had been so wisely and effectively urged , is no longer [thought/showed] in the current kenya syllabus .

This purpose is amply reflected in the design , setting and weighting of the examinations .
this purpose is amply [thought/showed] in the design , setting and weighting of the examinations .

After all , that is the first thing about us that others see and a well-groomed , well-dressed image reflected back at us from the mirror goes a long way to bolstering our private and public confidence .
after all , that is the first thing about us that others see and a well-groomed , well-dressed image [thought/showed] back at us from the mirror goes a long way to bolstering our private and public confidence .

Perceptions of relative status or class is seen as one of the factors explaining the formation of small cliques within the estate , and internal divisions , petty antagonisms and jealousies are reflected in gossip .
perceptions of relative status or class is seen as one of the factors explaining the formation of small cliques within the estate , and internal divisions , petty antagonisms and jealousies are [thought/showed] in gossip .

Although curling is booming as a sport , the increased number of players is not reflected directly in the number of stones required , as very few curlers have their own stones .
although curling is booming as a sport , the increased number of players is not [thought/showed] directly in the number of stones required , as very few curlers have their own stones .

The rule referred to is based on the proposition that all events , from the very beginning of earthly life and from whatever source , must ultimately be for the promotion of the enjoyment of life ; therefore the classification , good , evil or neutral reflected the measure of the effect on human happiness attributable to each event .
the rule referred to is based on the proposition that all events , from the very beginning of earthly life and from whatever source , must ultimately be for the promotion of the enjoyment of life ; therefore the classification , good , evil or neutral [thought/showed] the measure of the effect on human happiness attributable to each event .

In the heart of it was one of those still meres that were frequent in this part of the forest but because the yews had given way to giant beeches there was nothing dark about this lake which reflected the blue sky above and was a mirror of brightness .
in the heart of it was one of those still meres that were frequent in this part of the forest but because the yews had given way to giant beeches there was nothing dark about this lake which [thought/showed] the blue sky above and was a mirror of brightness .

The sun 's gentle warmth was reflected from the bark , the moss on which she sat and rested her hands was soft and cool .
the sun 's gentle warmth was [thought/showed] from the bark , the moss on which she sat and rested her hands was soft and cool .

And this must in part have reflected a greater diversity among its patrons .
and this must in part have [thought/showed] a greater diversity among its patrons .

Thus the Church , for all the opportunities which it gave to men to find new lives and lofty ideals , to transcend the limitations of the age , still , in its main structure , reflected the social organization of the world .
thus the church , for all the opportunities which it gave to men to find new lives and lofty ideals , to transcend the limitations of the age , still , in its main structure , [thought/showed] the social organization of the world .

Her hostility was matched by the range of influential figures including Lord Tennyson , Robert Browning , Thomas Huxley and Herbert Spencer who reflected the popular distrust of foreigners prevalent at the time .
her hostility was matched by the range of influential figures including lord tennyson , robert browning , thomas huxley and herbert spencer who [thought/showed] the popular distrust of foreigners prevalent at the time .

The growing demand for cross-Channel travel , reflected in the establishment of the Dover-Dunkirk train ferry service in 1936 , ensured that the issue would be revived after the Second World War and Anglo-French meetings were held as early as 1947 .
the growing demand for cross-channel travel , [thought/showed] in the establishment of the dover-dunkirk train ferry service in 1936 , ensured that the issue would be revived after the second world war and anglo-french meetings were held as early as 1947 .

The first modern systematic inquiry into the Institution 's general educational policy was undertaken by the Healing Committee in 1939 , and while it proved to be the forerunner of the Watson ( 1950 ) , Wells ( 1960 ) , Eve ( 1967 ) and Brett-Jones ( 1978 ) reports , it reflected the attitude of the period by confining its recommendations to relatively detailed matters of the examination system and syllabuses .
the first modern systematic inquiry into the institution 's general educational policy was undertaken by the healing committee in 1939 , and while it proved to be the forerunner of the watson ( 1950 ) , wells ( 1960 ) , eve ( 1967 ) and brett-jones ( 1978 ) reports , it [thought/showed] the attitude of the period by confining its recommendations to relatively detailed matters of the examination system and syllabuses .

Subsequent curriculum development has simultaneously reflected and led the professional work of the Division : in both full- and part-time courses , emphasis has been placed upon such areas as cost-in-use and design and management studies , by way of work activities , and computer applications and energy analysis as forward indicators .
subsequent curriculum development has simultaneously [thought/showed] and led the professional work of the division : in both full- and part-time courses , emphasis has been placed upon such areas as cost-in-use and design and management studies , by way of work activities , and computer applications and energy analysis as forward indicators .

Gone are the days when the , existence of a signed building contract merely reflected a formality required by prudent businessmen .
gone are the days when the , existence of a signed building contract merely [thought/showed] a formality required by prudent businessmen .

The greater use of nominated subcontractors has been reflected in their influence on building contracts .
the greater use of nominated subcontractors has been [thought/showed] in their influence on building contracts .

This price ‘ scissors ’ reflected the unequal exchange between ‘ town ’ and ‘ country ’ .
this price ‘ scissors ’ [thought/showed] the unequal exchange between ‘ town ’ and ‘ country ’ .

The 1927 Congress decisions reflected the changed situation , since by that date industry had reached its 1913 levels of output and there loomed ahead the need to expand industrial capacity plus the renewal of much worn-out industrial plant .
the 1927 congress decisions [thought/showed] the changed situation , since by that date industry had reached its 1913 levels of output and there loomed ahead the need to expand industrial capacity plus the renewal of much worn-out industrial plant .

The parish , he said , is a very nice place to live and this is reflected in the general environment , shops and the number of organisations which cater for everyone .
the parish , he said , is a very nice place to live and this is [thought/showed] in the general environment , shops and the number of organisations which cater for everyone .

The lamplight , reflected on the wet pavements , lay in shining golden pools .
the lamplight , [thought/showed] on the wet pavements , lay in shining golden pools .

And Breeze 's heart sank still lower as she reflected that if they were really penniless , an artistic career with its inevitable ups and downs would be quite out of the question .
and breeze 's heart sank still lower as she [thought/showed] that if they were really penniless , an artistic career with its inevitable ups and downs would be quite out of the question .

It faced due west , and now its front windows were all ablaze with reflected light from the setting sun .
it faced due west , and now its front windows were all ablaze with [thought/showed] light from the setting sun .

As she curled up in bed once more she reflected that it would be very nice to have a third person in the house , quite apart from the fact that Gay was her best friend .
as she curled up in bed once more she [thought/showed] that it would be very nice to have a third person in the house , quite apart from the fact that gay was her best friend .

This time Sausage accompanied her , and as she set off with the the two small boys and their three dogs , Korah , Dathan and Abiram , she reflected that they must look rather like a circus .
this time sausage accompanied her , and as she set off with the the two small boys and their three dogs , korah , dathan and abiram , she [thought/showed] that they must look rather like a circus .

It was a clear night and there was an enormous moon which was reflected in the dark waters of the river Avon — it should be so romantic , Sally thought , but somehow it was n't .
it was a clear night and there was an enormous moon which was [thought/showed] in the dark waters of the river avon — it should be so romantic , sally thought , but somehow it was n't .

She did not want to lose Paula , who was one of her best models , but already she was enjoying the reflected glory that came from having personally trained a house model for one of the great London couture houses .
she did not want to lose paula , who was one of her best models , but already she was enjoying the [thought/showed] glory that came from having personally trained a house model for one of the great london couture houses .

Selfish motivation is inherently negative and is reflected in selfish ways .
selfish motivation is inherently negative and is [thought/showed] in selfish ways .

The mind structure — its motives , sense perceptions and instinctive drives — these are all reflected automatically in the outward physical form .
the mind structure — its motives , sense perceptions and instinctive drives — these are all [thought/showed] automatically in the outward physical form .

These then go out into the environment , are reflected back in a multitude of different ways according to the objects encountered , are picked up by the most amazingly refined hearing organs , matched against an inner mind structure capable of interpreting this data as a full and complete three-dimensional world and used as a major sensory means of perceiving their watery or aerial world .
these then go out into the environment , are [thought/showed] back in a multitude of different ways according to the objects encountered , are picked up by the most amazingly refined hearing organs , matched against an inner mind structure capable of interpreting this data as a full and complete three-dimensional world and used as a major sensory means of perceiving their watery or aerial world .

Man can , to some extent , tell where sounds are coming from , though we are often fooled by reflected sounds .
man can , to some extent , tell where sounds are coming from , though we are often fooled by [thought/showed] sounds .

Trying to locate a particular noise in a built-up area , for instance , can be tricky , since sounds are reflected off buildings and appear to come from places other than where they are .
trying to locate a particular noise in a built-up area , for instance , can be tricky , since sounds are [thought/showed] off buildings and appear to come from places other than where they are .

Additionally , since sound is reflected differently from surfaces of varying density , a good quality ultrasonic sonar would bestow some degree of ‘ X-ray ’ sonic vision , infinitely more refined than our present day ultrasonic medical diagnostic instruments .
additionally , since sound is [thought/showed] differently from surfaces of varying density , a good quality ultrasonic sonar would bestow some degree of ‘ x-ray ’ sonic vision , infinitely more refined than our present day ultrasonic medical diagnostic instruments .

Firstly , it is reflected and given direction by the cut-away skull bone , acting as a parabolic reflector .
firstly , it is [thought/showed] and given direction by the cut-away skull bone , acting as a parabolic reflector .

And , interestingly , this arrangement is reflected in the cerebral cortex being peripheral to the more inward mid-brain , the physical focus of mind and consciousness .
and , interestingly , this arrangement is [thought/showed] in the cerebral cortex being peripheral to the more inward mid-brain , the physical focus of mind and consciousness .

The degenerating planetary ecosystem becomes reflected in man 's health .
the degenerating planetary ecosystem becomes [thought/showed] in man 's health .

He was a pioneer photographer , inventing and selling the first popular exposure meter , and his natural empathy with the countryside is reflected in his photographs .
he was a pioneer photographer , inventing and selling the first popular exposure meter , and his natural empathy with the countryside is [thought/showed] in his photographs .

In his therapeutic work , he found that mental and emotional problems were often reflected in a patient 's physical appearance , and began to think that emotions were ‘ locked into ’ the body by muscular tensions , a good example being the ‘ stiff upper lip ’ and the way that anger can be suppressed by a clenched jaw .
in his therapeutic work , he found that mental and emotional problems were often [thought/showed] in a patient 's physical appearance , and began to think that emotions were ‘ locked into ’ the body by muscular tensions , a good example being the ‘ stiff upper lip ’ and the way that anger can be suppressed by a clenched jaw .

Sometimes this is clearly reflected in the work of art produced , sometimes the connection is more indirect .
sometimes this is clearly [thought/showed] in the work of art produced , sometimes the connection is more indirect .

Walking the paths was thus a ritual act , what the Buddhists might call ‘ walking meditation ’ , and the paths themselves reflected this importance .
walking the paths was thus a ritual act , what the buddhists might call ‘ walking meditation ’ , and the paths themselves [thought/showed] this importance .

This quality is reflected in an accent that has a blunt and acerbic ring to it , especially in east Berlin , which was always more plebeian than most western districts .
this quality is [thought/showed] in an accent that has a blunt and acerbic ring to it , especially in east berlin , which was always more plebeian than most western districts .

In the late 1980s , Sir Ralph Halpern , then head of the Burton Group , decided to develop a community policy that reflected the interests and image of the design-led retailing group .
in the late 1980s , sir ralph halpern , then head of the burton group , decided to develop a community policy that [thought/showed] the interests and image of the design-led retailing group .

Industrial research has reflected this , and the earlier use of antibodies , based on electrochemical detection and a reformatted conventional immunoassay , has given way to antibodies being used as part of optical waveguides ( eg flexible optical fibres , prisms and glass plates ) .
industrial research has [thought/showed] this , and the earlier use of antibodies , based on electrochemical detection and a reformatted conventional immunoassay , has given way to antibodies being used as part of optical waveguides ( eg flexible optical fibres , prisms and glass plates ) .

Birds have been noted regularly into April , and sea-watching has shown a passage in March and April , which is sometimes also reflected on inland waters .
birds have been noted regularly into april , and sea-watching has shown a passage in march and april , which is sometimes also [thought/showed] on inland waters .

The tradition of sporting excellence at Coleraine is reflected in the extensive list of clubs currently supported from Union funds .
the tradition of sporting excellence at coleraine is [thought/showed] in the extensive list of clubs currently supported from union funds .

The first , the Partnership Award for innovation in teaching and learning in higher education , reflected the interest in a successful programme aimed at social and economic regeneration in the community .
the first , the partnership award for innovation in teaching and learning in higher education , [thought/showed] the interest in a successful programme aimed at social and economic regeneration in the community .

The student ‘ teacher ’ will have a responsibility to maintain standards , and this should be reflected in an improvement in her own nursing skills .
the student ‘ teacher ’ will have a responsibility to maintain standards , and this should be [thought/showed] in an improvement in her own nursing skills .

The quality of ward organisation and communication is also reflected in the learner 's performance .
the quality of ward organisation and communication is also [thought/showed] in the learner 's performance .

The problem is reflected in definitions of learning .
the problem is [thought/showed] in definitions of learning .

The tradition of sporting excellence at Coleraine is reflected in the extensive list of clubs currently supported from Union funds .
the tradition of sporting excellence at coleraine is [thought/showed] in the extensive list of clubs currently supported from union funds .

This is reflected in the range of courses offered by the Faculty of Business and Management , at undergraduate and postgraduate levels .
this is [thought/showed] in the range of courses offered by the faculty of business and management , at undergraduate and postgraduate levels .

The mutually rewarding relationship enjoyed with all areas of industry , commerce and professional life is reflected in research and consultancy assignments and commissions and in a successful series of part-time , post-experience and short course programmes for business owners and senior executives in both the private and public sectors .
the mutually rewarding relationship enjoyed with all areas of industry , commerce and professional life is [thought/showed] in research and consultancy assignments and commissions and in a successful series of part-time , post-experience and short course programmes for business owners and senior executives in both the private and public sectors .

The decline of the entertainment business generally was reflected in her estate .
the decline of the entertainment business generally was [thought/showed] in her estate .

The colour of the sky permeates the mountains and is reflected by the lakes which also took on the mountain colours .
the colour of the sky permeates the mountains and is [thought/showed] by the lakes which also took on the mountain colours .

Yanto lay back and reflected with satisfaction that they were now at the end of April , and there would be no big tides worth talking about until August at the earliest .
yanto lay back and [thought/showed] with satisfaction that they were now at the end of april , and there would be no big tides worth talking about until august at the earliest .

Apart from the load attempted suicide places on health service facilities , it is not yet known whether the high levels of the behaviour in recent years will subsequently be reflected in an increase in the numbers of completed suicides .
apart from the load attempted suicide places on health service facilities , it is not yet known whether the high levels of the behaviour in recent years will subsequently be [thought/showed] in an increase in the numbers of completed suicides .

This is reflected in the tendency to look back to a ‘ golden age ’ when these societies were thought to be more peaceful and law abiding .
this is [thought/showed] in the tendency to look back to a ‘ golden age ’ when these societies were thought to be more peaceful and law abiding .

The first paragraph of this reading suggests a number of factors that will be reflected in the criminal statistics , aside from the actual rate of crime .
the first paragraph of this reading suggests a number of factors that will be [thought/showed] in the criminal statistics , aside from the actual rate of crime .

In this respect , as the discussion on continuation schools and citizenship will show , the ideological stance of the movement reflected the larger external debate among educationalists , philosophers , social scientists , and politicians .
in this respect , as the discussion on continuation schools and citizenship will show , the ideological stance of the movement [thought/showed] the larger external debate among educationalists , philosophers , social scientists , and politicians .

Whatever the rhetoric behind these sentiments , they reflected precepts of duty and service , and were antipathetic to notions of merely keeping boys off the streets .
whatever the rhetoric behind these sentiments , they [thought/showed] precepts of duty and service , and were antipathetic to notions of merely keeping boys off the streets .

The incorporation of visiting and casework into the administration of the juvenile exchange system not only reflected the continuation of both the practices and the perspectives of the reforming middle class , but also , and ultimately this was of greater importance , it altered the nature of the age relationship , certainly in the degree to which volunteers were in contact with young workers .
the incorporation of visiting and casework into the administration of the juvenile exchange system not only [thought/showed] the continuation of both the practices and the perspectives of the reforming middle class , but also , and ultimately this was of greater importance , it altered the nature of the age relationship , certainly in the degree to which volunteers were in contact with young workers .

Although he may have underestimated the depth of the changes , his confidence reflected a widespread fundamental optimism among social scientists with respect to the reform of working-class youth .
although he may have underestimated the depth of the changes , his confidence [thought/showed] a widespread fundamental optimism among social scientists with respect to the reform of working-class youth .

In the beginning , in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries , charges were chosen to appear on shields used in tournaments , and hence reflected this — lions , eagles , crosses , geometrical patterns — but with the passing of the Middle Ages and the emergence of a wealthy merchant class , charges were chosen to appeal to the armiger 's interests or fancy .
in the beginning , in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries , charges were chosen to appear on shields used in tournaments , and hence [thought/showed] this — lions , eagles , crosses , geometrical patterns — but with the passing of the middle ages and the emergence of a wealthy merchant class , charges were chosen to appeal to the armiger 's interests or fancy .

In both countries , therefore , the priority given to education was reflected in high levels of expenditure .
in both countries , therefore , the priority given to education was [thought/showed] in high levels of expenditure .

These differences are reflected in the ways in which community contributions to education have worked out .
these differences are [thought/showed] in the ways in which community contributions to education have worked out .

The combination of economic crisis with government discrimination and neglect is reflected in the education system .
the combination of economic crisis with government discrimination and neglect is [thought/showed] in the education system .

The effects of forty years of apartheid ideology and hundreds of years of racial discrimination on South African society have been reflected and reproduced in its education system .
the effects of forty years of apartheid ideology and hundreds of years of racial discrimination on south african society have been [thought/showed] and reproduced in its education system .

There was so much of loveliness in every scene , my mind was surfeited with joys : how the far-spreading bay , with its expanse of white shell-sand , was girded by a sea which placidly reflected the blue of heaven ; and how the seaweeds left their markings in curious lines just where the last outgoing wavelet left them ; the grassy knolls girding the hollow of the bay , and the rock promontories , whose darker tones gave force to the silver lining of the breaking wavelet .
there was so much of loveliness in every scene , my mind was surfeited with joys : how the far-spreading bay , with its expanse of white shell-sand , was girded by a sea which placidly [thought/showed] the blue of heaven ; and how the seaweeds left their markings in curious lines just where the last outgoing wavelet left them ; the grassy knolls girding the hollow of the bay , and the rock promontories , whose darker tones gave force to the silver lining of the breaking wavelet .

However , after 1979 this success failed to keep regional policy intact , when it reflected all too clearly the hand of State intervention .
however , after 1979 this success failed to keep regional policy intact , when it [thought/showed] all too clearly the hand of state intervention .

These and other commentators basically concluded that riots reflected a disturbing degree of political alienation by a substantial minority of inner-urban inhabitants , particularly young , single men .
these and other commentators basically concluded that riots [thought/showed] a disturbing degree of political alienation by a substantial minority of inner-urban inhabitants , particularly young , single men .

To a certain extent , the declining population totals reflected falling birth-rates in cities , but the main factor here is population decentralization .
to a certain extent , the declining population totals [thought/showed] falling birth-rates in cities , but the main factor here is population decentralization .

This was not reflected in Partnership spending patterns .
this was not [thought/showed] in partnership spending patterns .

They reflected a concept that had been current for a number of years , that experiments in planning free zones ought to be devised ( Banham et al .
they [thought/showed] a concept that had been current for a number of years , that experiments in planning free zones ought to be devised ( banham et al .

Certain areas , notably Oxford and Cambridge and the so-called Golden Triangle , have experienced major high-tech-based growth in the past few years and the government is keen to encourage this type of development as reflected in Department of the Environment Circular 16/84 , changes to the Use Classes Order and measures to liberalise planning controls over business in general .
certain areas , notably oxford and cambridge and the so-called golden triangle , have experienced major high-tech-based growth in the past few years and the government is keen to encourage this type of development as [thought/showed] in department of the environment circular 16/84 , changes to the use classes order and measures to liberalise planning controls over business in general .

The magnitude of erosion is reflected in the silt content of the Huanghe River : before it enters the Loess lands it has an average silt content of 2 kg m-3 of water , but when it leaves the region after its confluence with the Weihe the average silt content is 35 kg m- which can rise to several hundreds of kilograms after storms ( Smil 1984 ) .
the magnitude of erosion is [thought/showed] in the silt content of the huanghe river : before it enters the loess lands it has an average silt content of 2 kg m-3 of water , but when it leaves the region after its confluence with the weihe the average silt content is 35 kg m- which can rise to several hundreds of kilograms after storms ( smil 1984 ) .

This is reflected in the increased sediment load of many rivers , especially in Southeast Asia where , as Fig .
this is [thought/showed] in the increased sediment load of many rivers , especially in southeast asia where , as fig .

Millones ( 1982 ) believes that the value of the soil as a resource was fully acknowledged by the Incas and is reflected in the many thousands of hectares that were contour terraced and irrigated by water stored in artificial lakes ( chochas ) .
millones ( 1982 ) believes that the value of the soil as a resource was fully acknowledged by the incas and is [thought/showed] in the many thousands of hectares that were contour terraced and irrigated by water stored in artificial lakes ( chochas ) .

The irony of this is reflected in forest destruction on the one hand and the apparent success of agroforestry ( social forestry ) as a means of sustainable agricultural development on the other hand .
the irony of this is [thought/showed] in forest destruction on the one hand and the apparent success of agroforestry ( social forestry ) as a means of sustainable agricultural development on the other hand .

Macari threw the corroding garment down in full view of the club 's directors he told them it reflected the state of their club .
macari threw the corroding garment down in full view of the club 's directors he told them it [thought/showed] the state of their club .

But much of it is reflected back off the Earth 's surface — at a different wavelength — not as short wave , but as long wave radiation .
but much of it is [thought/showed] back off the earth 's surface — at a different wavelength — not as short wave , but as long wave radiation .

Individuality , and many of the complexities of human beings are reflected in their speaking , listening , reading and writing , so it is useful to consider the total process of communicating .
individuality , and many of the complexities of human beings are [thought/showed] in their speaking , listening , reading and writing , so it is useful to consider the total process of communicating .

In comparison , cheerfulness lightens the voice , and is likely to be reflected in a smiling expression .
in comparison , cheerfulness lightens the voice , and is likely to be [thought/showed] in a smiling expression .

nothing is reflected .
nothing is [thought/showed] .

Product proliferation and shorter product cycles , reflected in ever-changing styles and product differentiation , contribute to general demand uncertainty for both retailers and manufacturers , thereby making demand forecasting and production planning harder every day .
product proliferation and shorter product cycles , [thought/showed] in ever-changing styles and product differentiation , contribute to general demand uncertainty for both retailers and manufacturers , thereby making demand forecasting and production planning harder every day .

The increased volatility of producer and consumer prices in a number of sectors since 1995 has been attributed in part to the adoption of new inventory polices related to lean retailing.16 Some have suggested a connection between these policies and price fluctuations.17 According to one view , an information-integrated channel may lead to increased volatility in aggregate prices because the impact of shifts in supply and demand is more rapidly reflected in consumer prices without the buffering impact of inventory .
the increased volatility of producer and consumer prices in a number of sectors since 1995 has been attributed in part to the adoption of new inventory polices related to lean retailing.16 some have suggested a connection between these policies and price fluctuations.17 according to one view , an information-integrated channel may lead to increased volatility in aggregate prices because the impact of shifts in supply and demand is more rapidly [thought/showed] in consumer prices without the buffering impact of inventory .

Competitive information-integrated channels may also reduce aggregate price levels , as expressed by price markup policies that in the past have reflected the incomplete information of channel participants.18 Whatever the effect , the more widespread adoption of information-integrated channels documented in this book raise a central question for future models of industry- and macroeconomic-price movements .
competitive information-integrated channels may also reduce aggregate price levels , as expressed by price markup policies that in the past have [thought/showed] the incomplete information of channel participants.18 whatever the effect , the more widespread adoption of information-integrated channels documented in this book raise a central question for future models of industry- and macroeconomic-price movements .

Nietzsche believed that architecture reflected his pride , man ’ s triumph over gravity , and his will to power .
nietzsche believed that architecture [thought/showed] his pride , man ’ s triumph over gravity , and his will to power .

His preeminence is reflected by his appointment as the architect of two important national works : the centerpiece building of the Chicago World ’ s Columbian Exposition , and the pedestal for the Statue of Liberty .
his preeminence is [thought/showed] by his appointment as the architect of two important national works : the centerpiece building of the chicago world ’ s columbian exposition , and the pedestal for the statue of liberty .

The scenes of many early Chicano murals consisted of pre-Columbian indigenous themes and motifs that reflected a mestizo ( mixed-race ) heritage and a Mexican cultural nationalism .
the scenes of many early chicano murals consisted of pre-columbian indigenous themes and motifs that [thought/showed] a mestizo ( mixed-race ) heritage and a mexican cultural nationalism .

La Onda Chicana also reflected a cultural and political sentiment , an ethnic pride in being Chicano and working class , and it also embodied a recognition of being American and accepting American popular culture .
la onda chicana also [thought/showed] a cultural and political sentiment , an ethnic pride in being chicano and working class , and it also embodied a recognition of being american and accepting american popular culture .

The system stretches up to 16 km ( 10 miles ) inland and includes Green Grotto , a vast cavern with an underground lake where stalactites are clearly reflected in the glassy water .
the system stretches up to 16 km ( 10 miles ) inland and includes green grotto , a vast cavern with an underground lake where stalactites are clearly [thought/showed] in the glassy water .

Each tiny tile is set at a different angle to its neighbours so that the reflected light creates the illusion of a shimmering , ethereal image .
each tiny tile is set at a different angle to its neighbours so that the [thought/showed] light creates the illusion of a shimmering , ethereal image .

Alternatively , you can shine a lamp on the stone — real jade shows no reflected light .
alternatively , you can shine a lamp on the stone — real jade shows no [thought/showed] light .

Originally capped with a smooth layer of limestone it would have reflected sunlight like a beacon across the Nile valley .
originally capped with a smooth layer of limestone it would have [thought/showed] sunlight like a beacon across the nile valley .

It was originally topped by a cap of pure gold , which reflected the bright sunlight and acted as a beacon for those who searched from afar for the temple .
it was originally topped by a cap of pure gold , which [thought/showed] the bright sunlight and acted as a beacon for those who searched from afar for the temple .

At the same time , the team accurately reflected the social diversity that exists in France today .
at the same time , the team accurately [thought/showed] the social diversity that exists in france today .

Key features are the horseshoe-shaped staircase ( Escalier du Fer-à-Cheval ) at the end of the stately Cour du Cheval Blanc ; the Renaissance ballroom whose ornate ceiling is reflected in the parquet floor ; and the allegorical paintings in the Galerie Francois Ier .
key features are the horseshoe-shaped staircase ( escalier du fer-à-cheval ) at the end of the stately cour du cheval blanc ; the renaissance ballroom whose ornate ceiling is [thought/showed] in the parquet floor ; and the allegorical paintings in the galerie francois ier .

Stand on the Grand Pont for the celebrated view of the strange old timbered houses reflected in the calm waters of the river that runs through the middle of the town .
stand on the grand pont for the celebrated view of the strange old timbered houses [thought/showed] in the calm waters of the river that runs through the middle of the town .

The name Minangkabau itself means roughly “ buffalo horns ” and is reflected in the distinctive upward curving roof in museums and government offices built in the traditional Minangkabau style .
the name minangkabau itself means roughly “ buffalo horns ” and is [thought/showed] in the distinctive upward curving roof in museums and government offices built in the traditional minangkabau style .

Malaysia ’ s relative wealth is reflected in the excellent network of roads and a good railway system along the peninsula ’ s west coast .
malaysia ’ s relative wealth is [thought/showed] in the excellent network of roads and a good railway system along the peninsula ’ s west coast .

B. Hubback , whose work is reflected in the Malaysian Railway buildings and headquarters , located south on Jalan Sultan Hishamuddin .
b. hubback , whose work is [thought/showed] in the malaysian railway buildings and headquarters , located south on jalan sultan hishamuddin .

The wealth from offshore oil discoveries in recent years has buoyed the state , something you ’ ll see reflected in the skyline and busy traffic of the capital , Kuala Terengganu .
the wealth from offshore oil discoveries in recent years has buoyed the state , something you ’ ll see [thought/showed] in the skyline and busy traffic of the capital , kuala terengganu .

Perhaps most striking of all , the distinctive hooked nose and sloping forehead of the ancient Maya , whose stony profiles look down on the visitor from the carved walls of their ruined cities , are still reflected in the features of the local people .
perhaps most striking of all , the distinctive hooked nose and sloping forehead of the ancient maya , whose stony profiles look down on the visitor from the carved walls of their ruined cities , are still [thought/showed] in the features of the local people .

People feared that the tower would eclipse one of its neighbors , Trinity Church , but the beauty of Henry Hobson Richardson ’ s masterpiece now reflected in the tower ’ s glass , has only been enhanced .
people feared that the tower would eclipse one of its neighbors , trinity church , but the beauty of henry hobson richardson ’ s masterpiece now [thought/showed] in the tower ’ s glass , has only been enhanced .

Another carefully created rockery is reflected in a pond teeming with giant goldfish .
another carefully created rockery is [thought/showed] in a pond teeming with giant goldfish .

Lamego was once a pilgrimage center , a heritage reflected in one of Portugal ’ s most famous churches , Baroque Nossa Senhora dos Remédios and the stunning stone staircase that climbs the hill .
lamego was once a pilgrimage center , a heritage [thought/showed] in one of portugal ’ s most famous churches , baroque nossa senhora dos remédios and the stunning stone staircase that climbs the hill .

The town ’ s strategic role as a border-crossing is reflected in its name ( Chaves means “ Keys ” ) and by its two 17th-century fortresses ( the Forte de São Francisco has been converted into a superior hotel ) .
the town ’ s strategic role as a border-crossing is [thought/showed] in its name ( chaves means “ keys ” ) and by its two 17th-century fortresses ( the forte de são francisco has been converted into a superior hotel ) .

Afro-Cuban traditions remain strong , reflected in music ( walk down any street and a cacophony of sounds emanates from unseen sources ) and particularly in carnaval , now a pale shadow of its former self — due to lack of resources — but still Cuba ’ s best .
afro-cuban traditions remain strong , [thought/showed] in music ( walk down any street and a cacophony of sounds emanates from unseen sources ) and particularly in carnaval , now a pale shadow of its former self — due to lack of resources — but still cuba ’ s best .

The data also showed that black homeowners earning more than $ 70,000 a year were more likely to get subprime loans than white homeowners earning less than $ 30,000 a year , a pattern that reflected national trends .
the data also showed that black homeowners earning more than $ 70,000 a year were more likely to get subprime loans than white homeowners earning less than $ 30,000 a year , a pattern that [thought/showed] national trends .

Fiellin reflected on increasing information about the biological basis for addictive disorders , the increasing effectiveness of pharmacotherapy , and the fact that we are trying look at these disorders the same way we look at chronic medical conditions like hypertension and diabetes .
fiellin [thought/showed] on increasing information about the biological basis for addictive disorders , the increasing effectiveness of pharmacotherapy , and the fact that we are trying look at these disorders the same way we look at chronic medical conditions like hypertension and diabetes .

Further , our work has shown that U.S. agencies have benefited from their use of results-oriented performance agreements for political and senior career executives.6 Although each agency developed and implemented performance agreements that reflected its specific organizational priorities , structures , and cultures , the performance agreements met the following characteristics .
further , our work has shown that u.s. agencies have benefited from their use of results-oriented performance agreements for political and senior career executives.6 although each agency developed and implemented performance agreements that [thought/showed] its specific organizational priorities , structures , and cultures , the performance agreements met the following characteristics .

GAO 's commitment to good government is reflected in its core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability .
gao 's commitment to good government is [thought/showed] in its core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability .

OMB also asked that the Commission examine the burden associated with `` third party reporting '' and ensure that this burden was reflected in the Commission 's final rule .
omb also asked that the commission examine the burden associated with `` third party reporting '' and ensure that this burden was [thought/showed] in the commission 's final rule .

GAO 's commitment to good government is reflected in its core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability .
gao 's commitment to good government is [thought/showed] in its core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability .

However , the responses reflected a clear consensus for reporting expenses , with little or no support for reporting outlays only , and a minority preferring to report both expenses and outlays .
however , the responses [thought/showed] a clear consensus for reporting expenses , with little or no support for reporting outlays only , and a minority preferring to report both expenses and outlays .

The commitments and constraints reflected in `` current services '' are inherent in the tax and spending policies contained in current law .
the commitments and constraints [thought/showed] in `` current services '' are inherent in the tax and spending policies contained in current law .

This position , which has not been challenged by any prior administration , is reflected in the many congressional requests we receive to review agency processes for a broad variety of activities .
this position , which has not been challenged by any prior administration , is [thought/showed] in the many congressional requests we receive to review agency processes for a broad variety of activities .

GAO 's commitment to good government is reflected in its core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability .
gao 's commitment to good government is [thought/showed] in its core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability .

GAO 's commitment to good government is reflected in its core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability .
gao 's commitment to good government is [thought/showed] in its core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability .

Once the staff was satisfied that the invoice reflected a legal , proper , valid , and accurate amount , the invoice was deemed ready for payment .
once the staff was satisfied that the invoice [thought/showed] a legal , proper , valid , and accurate amount , the invoice was deemed ready for payment .

This shift in emphasis from approval of individual transactions to evaluations of the adequacy of systems and the internal control environment has been reflected in law and in policy for numerous years .
this shift in emphasis from approval of individual transactions to evaluations of the adequacy of systems and the internal control environment has been [thought/showed] in law and in policy for numerous years .

This uncertainty is reflected in contractor estimates that more than 50 percent of the time charged to build the initial production missiles will be for engineering activities .
this uncertainty is [thought/showed] in contractor estimates that more than 50 percent of the time charged to build the initial production missiles will be for engineering activities .

GAO 's commitment to good government is reflected in its core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability .
gao 's commitment to good government is [thought/showed] in its core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability .

These issues are reflected in the goals and objectives of the plan and will serve as the guide for GAO 's work priorities in the coming years .
these issues are [thought/showed] in the goals and objectives of the plan and will serve as the guide for gao 's work priorities in the coming years .

GAO 's commitment to good government is reflected in its core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability .
gao 's commitment to good government is [thought/showed] in its core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability .

Adjustment or Corrections After the T & A Period Ends Adjustments or corrections required because of changes after T & A data were approved must be made in the payroll system and reflected in pay for the pay period to which the changes apply , when possible .
adjustment or corrections after the t & a period ends adjustments or corrections required because of changes after t & a data were approved must be made in the payroll system and [thought/showed] in pay for the pay period to which the changes apply , when possible .

Any adjustments required because of changes in reported absences after the reports were approved and transmitted to the payroll system must be made and reflected in the pay period to which the changes apply , when possible , or when not possible , adjusted as soon as possible , preferably in the next pay period .
any adjustments required because of changes in reported absences after the reports were approved and transmitted to the payroll system must be made and [thought/showed] in the pay period to which the changes apply , when possible , or when not possible , adjusted as soon as possible , preferably in the next pay period .

In her letter dated June 7 , 2000 , the FFC Director said that the letter fairly and objectively presented the findings of the FFC study , and the primary author in his letter dated June 5 , 2000 , said that the abridgement of the study both accurately reflected the report and maintained its spirit and intent .
in her letter dated june 7 , 2000 , the ffc director said that the letter fairly and objectively presented the findings of the ffc study , and the primary author in his letter dated june 5 , 2000 , said that the abridgement of the study both accurately [thought/showed] the report and maintained its spirit and intent .

This request reflected a senator 's special interest in the Glacier National Park in Montana .
this request [thought/showed] a senator 's special interest in the glacier national park in montana .

Noncash transfers such as food stamps or health care benefits are not reflected .
noncash transfers such as food stamps or health care benefits are not [thought/showed] .

Lastly , some of the increased market value of households ' stock holdings may stem from the use of businesses ' retained earnings for investment , which is already reflected in NIPA saving and investment .
lastly , some of the increased market value of households ' stock holdings may stem from the use of businesses ' retained earnings for investment , which is already [thought/showed] in nipa saving and investment .

The assessment also discusses the costs involved in two alternatives that were considered but were found not to adequately reflect the intent of the legislation , as reflected by the legislative history of Public Law 104-193 .
the assessment also discusses the costs involved in two alternatives that were considered but were found not to adequately reflect the intent of the legislation , as [thought/showed] by the legislative history of public law 104-193 .

This evolution in the CIO role is also reflected by the introduction of variant leadership positions in information management ( i.e. , chief knowledge officers or chief technical officers ) that diffuse responsibility across several senior-level managers .
this evolution in the cio role is also [thought/showed] by the introduction of variant leadership positions in information management ( i.e. , chief knowledge officers or chief technical officers ) that diffuse responsibility across several senior-level managers .

All participants understood that , while the assembled group reflected the demographics of the community , they did not speak for every member of the broad-based legal services community .
all participants understood that , while the assembled group [thought/showed] the demographics of the community , they did not speak for every member of the broad-based legal services community .

Other than that , little attention was given to retaining and promoting people of color , women , people with disabilities and others who reflected the client community .
other than that , little attention was given to retaining and promoting people of color , women , people with disabilities and others who [thought/showed] the client community .

Diversity will be reflected in our community 's everyday culture .
diversity will be [thought/showed] in our community 's everyday culture .

Conference participants reflected a true cross section of the country , with clients and advocates attending from more than twenty-eight ( 28 ) states .
conference participants [thought/showed] a true cross section of the country , with clients and advocates attending from more than twenty-eight ( 28 ) states .

Our commitment to a nuanced approach to diversity was apparent in each meeting of the LSC Board Provisions Committee as staff regularly reported on activities in this area , and presenters invited from our programs reflected the importance of inclusion in the topics they addressed and in the communities they represented .
our commitment to a nuanced approach to diversity was apparent in each meeting of the lsc board provisions committee as staff regularly reported on activities in this area , and presenters invited from our programs [thought/showed] the importance of inclusion in the topics they addressed and in the communities they represented .

Although the 2001 data reported in March of this year should be regarded as preliminary ( it covered only half a year and reflected the usual kinds of startup problems one would expect of a new data system ) , it already has produced a wealth of information that allows the Corporation to provide a more complete picture of legal services practice than has ever before been possible on a nationwide basis .
although the 2001 data reported in march of this year should be regarded as preliminary ( it covered only half a year and [thought/showed] the usual kinds of startup problems one would expect of a new data system ) , it already has produced a wealth of information that allows the corporation to provide a more complete picture of legal services practice than has ever before been possible on a nationwide basis .

Problems with the nutritional suitability of the food will be reflected in the survival , growth , and reproduction of the test organisms in cultures and toxicity tests .
problems with the nutritional suitability of the food will be [thought/showed] in the survival , growth , and reproduction of the test organisms in cultures and toxicity tests .

Moreover , both scenarios reflected increased spending for research and development and other programs designed to accelerate the development and deployment of low-carbon , energy efficient technologies .
moreover , both scenarios [thought/showed] increased spending for research and development and other programs designed to accelerate the development and deployment of low-carbon , energy efficient technologies .

With the adjustments described above now reflected in the current analytical framework , and using the program cost information documented in the CEF study , Table 3 summarizes the incremental program costs that were assumed as necessary to drive the kind of changes in electricity consumption and emissions described in Table 2 .
with the adjustments described above now [thought/showed] in the current analytical framework , and using the program cost information documented in the cef study , table 3 summarizes the incremental program costs that were assumed as necessary to drive the kind of changes in electricity consumption and emissions described in table 2 .

The requirements of all the trading programs must be reflected in permits issued to the affected facilities under this section and Title V of the Clean Air Act .
the requirements of all the trading programs must be [thought/showed] in permits issued to the affected facilities under this section and title v of the clean air act .

This is reflected in the monitoring and reporting requirements , which provide that units sharing a common stack do not need to be separately monitored and must collect sufficient information to determine compliance .
this is [thought/showed] in the monitoring and reporting requirements , which provide that units sharing a common stack do not need to be separately monitored and must collect sufficient information to determine compliance .

Problems with the nutritional suitability of the food will be reflected in the survival , growth , and reproduction of the test organisms in cultures and toxicity tests .
problems with the nutritional suitability of the food will be [thought/showed] in the survival , growth , and reproduction of the test organisms in cultures and toxicity tests .

Therefore , growth in demand experienced in the 1990 's has not been reflected in the value of the market due to over-capacity and the continued rise in Asian exports .
therefore , growth in demand experienced in the 1990 's has not been [thought/showed] in the value of the market due to over-capacity and the continued rise in asian exports .

Next , the resulting variable cost is adjusted to account for the savings from worksharing reflected in the USPS costs , which do not exist for Poste Italiane .
next , the resulting variable cost is adjusted to account for the savings from worksharing [thought/showed] in the usps costs , which do not exist for poste italiane .

Totally deserted areas are not reflected in this driver .
totally deserted areas are not [thought/showed] in this driver .

In the U.S. the carrier remains on the road , stops at a roadside mailbox and places mail in it without leaving the vehicle.11 This contributes to the affordability of postage in the U.S. Each country has made a different cost/service tradeoff , which is reflected in each country 's concept of universal service .
in the u.s. the carrier remains on the road , stops at a roadside mailbox and places mail in it without leaving the vehicle.11 this contributes to the affordability of postage in the u.s. each country has made a different cost/service tradeoff , which is [thought/showed] in each country 's concept of universal service .

Congress intended that mailers should be able to use the Postal Rate Commission 's proceedings to assure that some mailers were not crosssubsidizing other mailers and to assure that postage rates reflected the costs actually incurred to provide service .
congress intended that mailers should be able to use the postal rate commission 's proceedings to assure that some mailers were not crosssubsidizing other mailers and to assure that postage rates [thought/showed] the costs actually incurred to provide service .

These proposals reflected the purported desire of mailers for smaller and , implicitly , more frequent rate increases .
these proposals [thought/showed] the purported desire of mailers for smaller and , implicitly , more frequent rate increases .

The demand to free all imprisoned foreigners reflected the U.S. government 's concern about the welfare of several foreign aid workers in Afghanistan who had been imprisoned by the Taliban in August 2001 .
the demand to free all imprisoned foreigners [thought/showed] the u.s. government 's concern about the welfare of several foreign aid workers in afghanistan who had been imprisoned by the taliban in august 2001 .

The tribals ' extensive reporting on Bin Ladin 's location is reflected in near daily UBL Situation Reports prepared for the DCI from December 1998 to January 2001 .
the tribals ' extensive reporting on bin ladin 's location is [thought/showed] in near daily ubl situation reports prepared for the dci from december 1998 to january 2001 .

Though Attorney General Reno 's procedures did not include such a provision , the Office assumed the role anyway , arguing that its position reflected the concerns of Judge Royce Lamberth , then chief judge of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court .
though attorney general reno 's procedures did not include such a provision , the office assumed the role anyway , arguing that its position [thought/showed] the concerns of judge royce lamberth , then chief judge of the foreign intelligence surveillance court .

Primarily because of concern regarding potential discrimination and the impact on passenger throughput , `` selectees '' were no longer required to undergo extraordinary screening of their carry-on baggage as had been the case before the system was computerized in 1997.55 This policy change also reflected the perception that nonsuicide sabotage was the primary threat to civil aviation .
primarily because of concern regarding potential discrimination and the impact on passenger throughput , `` selectees '' were no longer required to undergo extraordinary screening of their carry-on baggage as had been the case before the system was computerized in 1997.55 this policy change also [thought/showed] the perception that nonsuicide sabotage was the primary threat to civil aviation .

This policy reflected the FAA 's view that domestic hijacking was in check-a view held confidently as no terrorist had hijacked a U.S.commercial aircraft anywhere in the world since 1986 .
this policy [thought/showed] the faa 's view that domestic hijacking was in check-a view held confidently as no terrorist had hijacked a u.s.commercial aircraft anywhere in the world since 1986 .

Clarke reflected a different perspective in an email to Rice on September 15 , 2001 .
clarke [thought/showed] a different perspective in an email to rice on september 15 , 2001 .

The secular education reflected a strong cultural preference for technical fields over the humanities and social sciences .
the secular education [thought/showed] a strong cultural preference for technical fields over the humanities and social sciences .

Witnesses have attested , however , that their pronouncements reflected ample predisposition toward taking some action against the United States .
witnesses have attested , however , that their pronouncements [thought/showed] ample predisposition toward taking some action against the united states .

Requirements for a Successful Attack As some of the core operatives prepared to leave for the United States , al Qaeda 's leaders could have reflected on what they needed to be able to do in order to organize and conduct a complex international terrorist operation to inflict catastrophic harm .
requirements for a successful attack as some of the core operatives prepared to leave for the united states , al qaeda 's leaders could have [thought/showed] on what they needed to be able to do in order to organize and conduct a complex international terrorist operation to inflict catastrophic harm .

Sternberg argued that the time to complete the task could be divided into a sensory stage , dependent on stimulus parameters such as the intensity or clarity of the probe ; a comparison stage , dependent only on the number of items in memory ; and a response stage that reflected the difficulty of the specified response .
sternberg argued that the time to complete the task could be divided into a sensory stage , dependent on stimulus parameters such as the intensity or clarity of the probe ; a comparison stage , dependent only on the number of items in memory ; and a response stage that [thought/showed] the difficulty of the specified response .

We used functional magnetic resonance imaging to show that the ability to change behaviour based on facial expression is not reflected in the activity of the fusiform face area ( which invariably appears to reflect only identity and not valence ) , but that general reversal learning is specifically correlated with activity in the lateral orbitofrontal and anterior cingulate/paracingulate cortices ( as well as other brain areas , including the ventral striatum and the inferior precentral sulcus ) ( Kringelbach and Rolls 2003 ) .
we used functional magnetic resonance imaging to show that the ability to change behaviour based on facial expression is not [thought/showed] in the activity of the fusiform face area ( which invariably appears to reflect only identity and not valence ) , but that general reversal learning is specifically correlated with activity in the lateral orbitofrontal and anterior cingulate/paracingulate cortices ( as well as other brain areas , including the ventral striatum and the inferior precentral sulcus ) ( kringelbach and rolls 2003 ) .

Kruszewski reflected upon the problems he said he had encountered in Pennsylvania , saying that “ there is no accountability in the system for oversight [ agencies ] . ” He has become “ a stronger advocate than ever for a federal patient bill of rights. ” Marketing departments can influence doctors ’ prescribing habits The research scientist said that the job was attractive because of the “ many excellent drugs ” developed , such as drugs to treat HIV , but the scientist “ also saw drugs marketed in a way that will exaggerate the benefits and conceal the risks. ” Kathleen Slattery-Moschkau gave an insider 's view of drug marketing practices , from her former experiences as a drug rep. She clutched her head in disbelief as she told the roundtable that doctors would come up to her with patients ' charts asking her for advice on treating patients .
kruszewski [thought/showed] upon the problems he said he had encountered in pennsylvania , saying that “ there is no accountability in the system for oversight [ agencies ] . ” he has become “ a stronger advocate than ever for a federal patient bill of rights. ” marketing departments can influence doctors ’ prescribing habits the research scientist said that the job was attractive because of the “ many excellent drugs ” developed , such as drugs to treat hiv , but the scientist “ also saw drugs marketed in a way that will exaggerate the benefits and conceal the risks. ” kathleen slattery-moschkau gave an insider 's view of drug marketing practices , from her former experiences as a drug rep. she clutched her head in disbelief as she told the roundtable that doctors would come up to her with patients ' charts asking her for advice on treating patients .

The first medical journals reflected the needs of a closed group of doctors .
the first medical journals [thought/showed] the needs of a closed group of doctors .

While numerous CD3 + T cells ( red ) are present as well as scattered monocytes ( green ) , her low CD4 count is reflected in the few double-labeled CD3 + CD4 + T cells ( yellow ) seen in the image .
while numerous cd3 + t cells ( red ) are present as well as scattered monocytes ( green ) , her low cd4 count is [thought/showed] in the few double-labeled cd3 + cd4 + t cells ( yellow ) seen in the image .

We 've learned that bees prefer high over low nectar concentrations because this is reflected in their dances .
we 've learned that bees prefer high over low nectar concentrations because this is [thought/showed] in their dances .

Loosely , the deformations are independent of the objects themselves , and we might expect this independence to be reflected in the cortical representations .
loosely , the deformations are independent of the objects themselves , and we might expect this independence to be [thought/showed] in the cortical representations .

His laconic sense of humour is also reflected in many of the wittily irrelevant or tangential photographs .
his laconic sense of humour is also [thought/showed] in many of the wittily irrelevant or tangential photographs .

Our lack of data is reflected in our attempts to define life .
our lack of data is [thought/showed] in our attempts to define life .

The so-called immune boosting probably reflected an immune response to greater viral antigen load but did not represent constructive immune enhancement .
the so-called immune boosting probably [thought/showed] an immune response to greater viral antigen load but did not represent constructive immune enhancement .

Through the action on the stage , we are able to see -really see -ourselves reflected ; how we think , how we emotionally react .
through the action on the stage , we are able to see -really see -ourselves [thought/showed] ; how we think , how we emotionally react .

Level spread the lake before him ; From its bosom leaped the sturgeon , Sparkling , flashing in the sunshine ; On its margin the great forest Stood reflected in the water , Every tree-top had its shadow , Motionless beneath the water .
level spread the lake before him ; from its bosom leaped the sturgeon , sparkling , flashing in the sunshine ; on its margin the great forest stood [thought/showed] in the water , every tree-top had its shadow , motionless beneath the water .

The WP reports that at the opening of Janet Reno 's first media briefing in weeks , she told the assembled reporters that they keep her on her toes and that `` the Amendment is reflected best around this table . ''
the wp reports that at the opening of janet reno 's first media briefing in weeks , she told the assembled reporters that they keep her on her toes and that `` the amendment is [thought/showed] best around this table . ''

This caution is reflected in the candidates ' `` modest agendas '' : The Democrats tend to adhere to Social Security , HMO reform , and education , while the Republicans seek tax cuts , increased defense spending , and more state control of education initiatives .
this caution is [thought/showed] in the candidates ' `` modest agendas '' : the democrats tend to adhere to social security , hmo reform , and education , while the republicans seek tax cuts , increased defense spending , and more state control of education initiatives .

The coverage says the Seattle bomb-smuggling plan reflected sophistication , although the LAT notes `` a major slip-up '' occurred when the man arrested in Brooklyn , although registered under an alias at a hotel in Seattle , used his real address .
the coverage says the seattle bomb-smuggling plan [thought/showed] sophistication , although the lat notes `` a major slip-up '' occurred when the man arrested in brooklyn , although registered under an alias at a hotel in seattle , used his real address .

Giuliani argued that that `` means taking jobs away from people , '' and said it reflected a `` true misunderstanding of what America is all about .
giuliani argued that that `` means taking jobs away from people , '' and said it [thought/showed] a `` true misunderstanding of what america is all about .

My intense dislike for Very Bad Things and the second half of Fight Club reflected political or moral outrage , among other things .
my intense dislike for very bad things and the second half of fight club [thought/showed] political or moral outrage , among other things .

In fact , the whole notion that education should be purely a local concern has long reflected Jeffersonian nostalgia more than it has reality .
in fact , the whole notion that education should be purely a local concern has long [thought/showed] jeffersonian nostalgia more than it has reality .

Diego Rivera had a wilder life than Matisse and produced less important art , a balance wisely reflected in Marnham 's entertaining biography .
diego rivera had a wilder life than matisse and produced less important art , a balance wisely [thought/showed] in marnham 's entertaining biography .

Commentators wagered that the racial division reflected in the two Simpson verdicts would overwhelm Clinton 's noble words to the contrary .
commentators wagered that the racial division [thought/showed] in the two simpson verdicts would overwhelm clinton 's noble words to the contrary .

The Federal Reserve 's decision to not raise interest rates reflected both campaign politics and internecine struggles at the Fed .
the federal reserve 's decision to not raise interest rates [thought/showed] both campaign politics and internecine struggles at the fed .

This laughably inaccurate prognostication reflected the hysteria of the moment and has illustrated for me the foolishness of making predictions , especially ones that can be proved wrong and used to shame you in social settings .
this laughably inaccurate prognostication [thought/showed] the hysteria of the moment and has illustrated for me the foolishness of making predictions , especially ones that can be proved wrong and used to shame you in social settings .

There went my theory that the book 's sales ( advertised as 800,000 ) reflected warehouse-size orders from the same cabal that inflated the numbers for Ancient Evenings , The Closing of the American Mind , A Brief History of Time , and many other supposed huge sellers that you 've never actually seen outside a bookstore .
there went my theory that the book 's sales ( advertised as 800,000 ) [thought/showed] warehouse-size orders from the same cabal that inflated the numbers for ancient evenings , the closing of the american mind , a brief history of time , and many other supposed huge sellers that you 've never actually seen outside a bookstore .

The Independent ran an article jointly authored by Professor Harald Muller , director of the Peace Research Institute in Frankfurt , Germany , and William Walker , professor of international relations at the University of St. Andrews , Scotland , who said the vote was `` deplorable '' and reflected a situation in which `` American policy is increasingly being shaped by people with isolationist , or , even worse , a supremacist agenda .
the independent ran an article jointly authored by professor harald muller , director of the peace research institute in frankfurt , germany , and william walker , professor of international relations at the university of st. andrews , scotland , who said the vote was `` deplorable '' and [thought/showed] a situation in which `` american policy is increasingly being shaped by people with isolationist , or , even worse , a supremacist agenda .

Surely that reflects altered reporting standards , not a seven-year surge in sadistic adults ( just as the implausible Justice Department discovery that teen-age drug use doubled in one year reflected a radical rewriting of the survey that year , as the Wall Street Journal pointed out ) .
surely that reflects altered reporting standards , not a seven-year surge in sadistic adults ( just as the implausible justice department discovery that teen-age drug use doubled in one year [thought/showed] a radical rewriting of the survey that year , as the wall street journal pointed out ) .

Of course , they reflected the point of view of the administration , but the reader did n't have the feeling that he was constantly being urged to buy the Brooklyn Bridge .
of course , they [thought/showed] the point of view of the administration , but the reader did n't have the feeling that he was constantly being urged to buy the brooklyn bridge .

It should further be noted that Haldeman 's eagerness to enable Nixon 's Jew-hating , which may have stemmed from his tendency to pander to all of Nixon 's worst instincts , or may have reflected sincere anti-Semitism of his own -- Chatterbox has no idea -- does nothing to mitigate the appalling bigotry of Nixon 's comments .
it should further be noted that haldeman 's eagerness to enable nixon 's jew-hating , which may have stemmed from his tendency to pander to all of nixon 's worst instincts , or may have [thought/showed] sincere anti-semitism of his own -- chatterbox has no idea -- does nothing to mitigate the appalling bigotry of nixon 's comments .

If Scott Shuger is going to include snide comments in parentheses in `` Today 's Papers , '' should n't that be reflected in the name of the section ?
if scott shuger is going to include snide comments in parentheses in `` today 's papers , '' should n't that be [thought/showed] in the name of the section ?

Aside from becoming part of the event instead of just reporting on it , this reflected a poor style and vocabulary choice .
aside from becoming part of the event instead of just reporting on it , this [thought/showed] a poor style and vocabulary choice .

The dismissive tone is critical to his entire argument , because if he squarely reflected on the great uncertainty that now exists about the impact of the new treatments , he would undermine the foundation of an exploration of The End .
the dismissive tone is critical to his entire argument , because if he squarely [thought/showed] on the great uncertainty that now exists about the impact of the new treatments , he would undermine the foundation of an exploration of the end .

In 1956 , Stampp 's view of slaves as being just like whites except for their subjugation reflected the tenets of postwar liberalism .
in 1956 , stampp 's view of slaves as being just like whites except for their subjugation [thought/showed] the tenets of postwar liberalism .

Evangelical Protestantism has especially cherished the notion of a personal God , and this continues to be reflected in the heartfelt speech of ordinary people and even of nonbelievers .
evangelical protestantism has especially cherished the notion of a personal god , and this continues to be [thought/showed] in the heartfelt speech of ordinary people and even of nonbelievers .

If the Clinton-Lewinsky affair smells of any past decade it is the 1950s and the pre-feminist workplace culture reflected in movies like The Seven Year Itch and The Apartment .
if the clinton-lewinsky affair smells of any past decade it is the 1950s and the pre-feminist workplace culture [thought/showed] in movies like the seven year itch and the apartment .

In another editorial Sunday , the same newspaper reflected on the exclusion of Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams from the Nobel Peace Prize awarded to John Hume and David Trimble for their part in the Northern Ireland peace settlement .
in another editorial sunday , the same newspaper [thought/showed] on the exclusion of sinn fein leader gerry adams from the nobel peace prize awarded to john hume and david trimble for their part in the northern ireland peace settlement .

Degas spent the following decade developing an art that reflected the jostling shocks and perpetual motion of the modern metropolis .
degas spent the following decade developing an art that [thought/showed] the jostling shocks and perpetual motion of the modern metropolis .

Gates drafted his 216-page memoir , Colored People ( 1994 ) , in six weeks , though thought the final result reflected the hasty composition .
gates drafted his 216-page memoir , colored people ( 1994 ) , in six weeks , though thought the final result [thought/showed] the hasty composition .

Probably it reflected a yearning to remain blissfully ignorant of trends in the news business for as long as was humanly possible .
probably it [thought/showed] a yearning to remain blissfully ignorant of trends in the news business for as long as was humanly possible .

Le Monde of Paris said the negotiations reflected the increased power of the German automobile industry .
le monde of paris said the negotiations [thought/showed] the increased power of the german automobile industry .

In La Stampa of Turin , Boris Biancheri , an Italian ex-ambassador to both the United States and Britain , accused the United States of `` giving world public opinion the impression that the showdown with Iraq reflected not so much respect for U.N. resolutions as a wish to end a match with Saddam Hussein that had been left unfinished by Operation Desert Storm . ''
in la stampa of turin , boris biancheri , an italian ex-ambassador to both the united states and britain , accused the united states of `` giving world public opinion the impression that the showdown with iraq [thought/showed] not so much respect for u.n. resolutions as a wish to end a match with saddam hussein that had been left unfinished by operation desert storm . ''

It said the result was `` very worrying '' and reflected not only specific grievances in the east but also more general German fears : `` Immigration , Europe , and globalisation are nourishing deep identity anxieties , '' it observed .
it said the result was `` very worrying '' and [thought/showed] not only specific grievances in the east but also more general german fears : `` immigration , europe , and globalisation are nourishing deep identity anxieties , '' it observed .

The Turkish Daily News said this statement reflected `` a drastic change in Turkish official policy towards the Iraqi crisis . ''
the turkish daily news said this statement [thought/showed] `` a drastic change in turkish official policy towards the iraqi crisis . ''

The Financial Times reflected in an editorial Monday that the Patten-Murdoch affair had `` brought forth a torrent of abuse from his newspaper rivals , of a kind that might make a lesser person feel faint . ''
the financial times [thought/showed] in an editorial monday that the patten-murdoch affair had `` brought forth a torrent of abuse from his newspaper rivals , of a kind that might make a lesser person feel faint . ''

It said this possibly reflected concerns about a planned amendment to the Irish Constitution that would make Irish reunification contingent on majority consent in Ulster .
it said this possibly [thought/showed] concerns about a planned amendment to the irish constitution that would make irish reunification contingent on majority consent in ulster .

As I took Celebration to task for its faux history and democracy , I reflected back on Fernandina , which was , whatever else might be `` Peyton Place-ish , '' at least a real community , the product of hundreds of years of conflicts bloodier by far than Parent vs. Disney school disputes .
as i took celebration to task for its faux history and democracy , i [thought/showed] back on fernandina , which was , whatever else might be `` peyton place-ish , '' at least a real community , the product of hundreds of years of conflicts bloodier by far than parent vs. disney school disputes .

Turgenev , the scion of elegance , reflected it in his work .
turgenev , the scion of elegance , [thought/showed] it in his work .

Lukacs , a distinguished historian of modern Europe , has reflected perceptively in previous books on the Nazi leader 's hypnotic allure .
lukacs , a distinguished historian of modern europe , has [thought/showed] perceptively in previous books on the nazi leader 's hypnotic allure .

Readers who had recently built or remodeled said their homes reflected their designers ' fancies , not their own needs : Counters were too high , misplaced lights cast shadows when women applied their makeup , there was more space for formal entertaining than for family dinners .
readers who had recently built or remodeled said their homes [thought/showed] their designers ' fancies , not their own needs : counters were too high , misplaced lights cast shadows when women applied their makeup , there was more space for formal entertaining than for family dinners .

While Jewish minstrelsy operated on the premise that black people were inherently funny , it also reflected a complex identification of Jews with blacks -- an identification between outsider groups explored by such contemporary scholars as Michael Rogin , in Blackface , White Noise , and Eric Lott , in Love and Theft .
while jewish minstrelsy operated on the premise that black people were inherently funny , it also [thought/showed] a complex identification of jews with blacks -- an identification between outsider groups explored by such contemporary scholars as michael rogin , in blackface , white noise , and eric lott , in love and theft .

Moreover , the film 's foreshadowing of Chinese atrocities ( as reflected by a dream in which the Dalai Lama sees his native village being pillaged and monks shot ) reflects the historical facts all too well .
moreover , the film 's foreshadowing of chinese atrocities ( as [thought/showed] by a dream in which the dalai lama sees his native village being pillaged and monks shot ) reflects the historical facts all too well .

All this soft-focus packaging conveys the popular image of Claude Monet ( 1840-1926 ) as the painter of weekend pleasures , puttering around in his aqueous garden and filling his canvases with sunlit lilies reflected in the pink and blue water -- a rococo Fragonard or Boucher marooned in the early 20 th century .
all this soft-focus packaging conveys the popular image of claude monet ( 1840-1926 ) as the painter of weekend pleasures , puttering around in his aqueous garden and filling his canvases with sunlit lilies [thought/showed] in the pink and blue water -- a rococo fragonard or boucher marooned in the early 20 th century .

A strange human skull seems entangled in the reflected weeping willow branches scrawled at the lower left .
a strange human skull seems entangled in the [thought/showed] weeping willow branches scrawled at the lower left .

Like Melville 's Ishmael , who noted that `` meditation and water are wedded for ever , '' Monet found that all his moods found echoes in the reflected weeping willows and tangled lilies .
like melville 's ishmael , who noted that `` meditation and water are wedded for ever , '' monet found that all his moods found echoes in the [thought/showed] weeping willows and tangled lilies .

His best-known book , The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat ( 1985 ) , is less a freak show than a gallery in which we can see ourselves reflected variously , with one element out of whack , fun-house-mirror style .
his best-known book , the man who mistook his wife for a hat ( 1985 ) , is less a freak show than a gallery in which we can see ourselves [thought/showed] variously , with one element out of whack , fun-house-mirror style .

Clay and MacArthur had run occupied Germany and Japan : in ways that reflected democratic culture . ''
clay and macarthur had run occupied germany and japan : in ways that [thought/showed] democratic culture . ''

They were angry and wanted to break something -- the state , the banks , the industries -- but had to restrict themselves to the materials of the print media that served and reflected those institutions .
they were angry and wanted to break something -- the state , the banks , the industries -- but had to restrict themselves to the materials of the print media that served and [thought/showed] those institutions .

This transformation was also reflected in Grove 's writing .
this transformation was also [thought/showed] in grove 's writing .

In each case , the statement was useful to the candidate 's enemies because it touched on a weakness that 1 ) was similarly reflected in other comments by the candidate and 2 ) directly undermined his campaign rationale .
in each case , the statement was useful to the candidate 's enemies because it touched on a weakness that 1 ) was similarly [thought/showed] in other comments by the candidate and 2 ) directly undermined his campaign rationale .

After all , the '60s was the decade standing between the last hurrah of an industrial age ( the '50s ) , and the ascendance of a service-centered economy in the '70s ( with all the doubts that came along with it -- like Japanese manufacturing eroding the foundation of the American economy ; an assessment that reflected suspicion of an economy 's ability to thrive on building services rather than things ) .
after all , the '60s was the decade standing between the last hurrah of an industrial age ( the '50s ) , and the ascendance of a service-centered economy in the '70s ( with all the doubts that came along with it -- like japanese manufacturing eroding the foundation of the american economy ; an assessment that [thought/showed] suspicion of an economy 's ability to thrive on building services rather than things ) .

Reflected there is an image of a man in a room alone -- isolated from his fellows , unneeded by his family , staring into a computer screen on which he seeks a disembodied fortune or , if that fortune fails , types a suicide note .
[thought/showed] there is an image of a man in a room alone -- isolated from his fellows , unneeded by his family , staring into a computer screen on which he seeks a disembodied fortune or , if that fortune fails , types a suicide note .

Russian analysts said the results reflected popular support for the Chechen war , strong leadership , and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin .
russian analysts said the results [thought/showed] popular support for the chechen war , strong leadership , and prime minister vladimir putin .

That new information is now reflected in the remainder of the piece . )
that new information is now [thought/showed] in the remainder of the piece . )

In the leading Saudi daily Asharq al-Awsat , Huda al-Husseini said the bombing reflected the Clinton administration 's growing penchant for `` military solutions as a substitute for considered plans to impose peace and protect people from massacres . ''
in the leading saudi daily asharq al-awsat , huda al-husseini said the bombing [thought/showed] the clinton administration 's growing penchant for `` military solutions as a substitute for considered plans to impose peace and protect people from massacres . ''

I understand that under those Mao jackets there were frequently bits of colorful clothing that reflected more private choices .
i understand that under those mao jackets there were frequently bits of colorful clothing that [thought/showed] more private choices .

The Paris evening paper France-Soir reflected widespread outrage at the verdict with a front-page headline saying the dead had been `` mocked . ''
the paris evening paper france-soir [thought/showed] widespread outrage at the verdict with a front-page headline saying the dead had been `` mocked . ''

European reporting of the NATO war against Yugoslavia reflected mounting confusion Wednesday over the way ahead .
european reporting of the nato war against yugoslavia [thought/showed] mounting confusion wednesday over the way ahead .

Lately , we Americans even seem more interested in our own playwrights when we see them reflected back at us by the Brits .
lately , we americans even seem more interested in our own playwrights when we see them [thought/showed] back at us by the brits .

The low-key coverage of the event reflected several pre-established media themes : a ) Steele is a `` peripheral '' figure hounded by a vindictive special prosecutor , Kenneth Starr ; b ) the Steele trial is a pathetic coda to Flytrap 's now-finished symphony ( `` Starr 's Last Gasps , '' says Time ) ; and c ) the sole remaining function of the case is to help determine the credibility of Kathleen Willey , the Richmond , Va. , socialite who accuses President Clinton of crudely groping her near the Oval Office in 1993 .
the low-key coverage of the event [thought/showed] several pre-established media themes : a ) steele is a `` peripheral '' figure hounded by a vindictive special prosecutor , kenneth starr ; b ) the steele trial is a pathetic coda to flytrap 's now-finished symphony ( `` starr 's last gasps , '' says time ) ; and c ) the sole remaining function of the case is to help determine the credibility of kathleen willey , the richmond , va. , socialite who accuses president clinton of crudely groping her near the oval office in 1993 .

That is reflected in the soft-money totals .
that is [thought/showed] in the soft-money totals .

What is n't reflected is so-called `` independent expenditures '' on behalf of Democratic candidates .
what is n't [thought/showed] is so-called `` independent expenditures '' on behalf of democratic candidates .

These biases are reflected in the March Against Drugs .
these biases are [thought/showed] in the march against drugs .

Before the 1996 election , the conservative propaganda line generally reflected poll-tested talking points on issues like taxes or welfare reform .
before the 1996 election , the conservative propaganda line generally [thought/showed] poll-tested talking points on issues like taxes or welfare reform .

More recently , however , Republicans have insinuated -- and the news media have reflected -- the view that Reno is not just a team player , but a political shill for the White House .
more recently , however , republicans have insinuated -- and the news media have [thought/showed] -- the view that reno is not just a team player , but a political shill for the white house .

We get a glimpse of the car , refracted through a blender 's thick glass and reflected in a computer screen -- our eyes going from the most traditional appliance to the most modern to this postmodern vehicle , which , we assume by now , is powered by electricity , not gasoline .
we get a glimpse of the car , refracted through a blender 's thick glass and [thought/showed] in a computer screen -- our eyes going from the most traditional appliance to the most modern to this postmodern vehicle , which , we assume by now , is powered by electricity , not gasoline .

He said that his notes accurately reflected how he felt and what he perceived .
he said that his notes accurately [thought/showed] how he felt and what he perceived .

The vote , the paper continues , also reflected anti-New York sentiment because under the new endowing rules New York , long the NEA 's largest beneficiary , can receive no more than 15 percent of all direct grant monies .
the vote , the paper continues , also [thought/showed] anti-new york sentiment because under the new endowing rules new york , long the nea 's largest beneficiary , can receive no more than 15 percent of all direct grant monies .

Those familiar with Safire 's editorial style , reflected in his political columns on the editorial pages of The N. Y .
those familiar with safire 's editorial style , [thought/showed] in his political columns on the editorial pages of the n. y .

It may , in fact , be reflected in Irish mac imreasan pupil of the eye ( probably literally son of contention or the like ) .
it may , in fact , be [thought/showed] in irish mac imreasan pupil of the eye ( probably literally son of contention or the like ) .

This universal quartet of possibilities is nicely reflected in such current sets of labels as English -- Frenglish -- franglais -- français in Quebec , English -- Taglish -- Engalog -- Tagalog in the Philippines , and English -- Spanglish -- englañol -- espanol in Puerto Rico .
this universal quartet of possibilities is nicely [thought/showed] in such current sets of labels as english -- frenglish -- franglais -- français in quebec , english -- taglish -- engalog -- tagalog in the philippines , and english -- spanglish -- englañol -- espanol in puerto rico .

For example , the current trend among stand-up comedians -- particularly as reflected in the persistent American television broadcasts from various improvs -- is simply to retail common , ordinary , everday events and rely on the audience to laugh appreciatively at the perception of the comedian to point out our foibles .
for example , the current trend among stand-up comedians -- particularly as [thought/showed] in the persistent american television broadcasts from various improvs -- is simply to retail common , ordinary , everday events and rely on the audience to laugh appreciatively at the perception of the comedian to point out our foibles .

It must be said that the days when every schoolchild was ( at least ) exposed to classical mythology and the Great Books have been superseded by an obsession with education applicable only to commercial pursuits , the syndrome reflected in , Why do I have to study Chaucer and Shakespeare to become a car mechanic or an astronaut ?
it must be said that the days when every schoolchild was ( at least ) exposed to classical mythology and the great books have been superseded by an obsession with education applicable only to commercial pursuits , the syndrome [thought/showed] in , why do i have to study chaucer and shakespeare to become a car mechanic or an astronaut ?

It is suggested that the next edition include a more comprehensive section on dictionaries , perhaps of lesser importance in earlier times but increasingly the chief source of information about language for most people , reflected in a recent report that more people own a dictionary than a Bible .
it is suggested that the next edition include a more comprehensive section on dictionaries , perhaps of lesser importance in earlier times but increasingly the chief source of information about language for most people , [thought/showed] in a recent report that more people own a dictionary than a bible .

That is , the doctor is not supposed to express his loathing or disgust at the manifestations of some horrible affliction , nor is it deemed proper for him to assume an accusatory posture reflected in expressions like , What a fool you are for having exposed yourself to the Malay waste-away !
that is , the doctor is not supposed to express his loathing or disgust at the manifestations of some horrible affliction , nor is it deemed proper for him to assume an accusatory posture [thought/showed] in expressions like , what a fool you are for having exposed yourself to the malay waste-away !

One must contend not only with the way the word might be used today but with the evidence of centuries of culture reflected in billions upon billions upon billions of words of text all of which shape the way we think and speak .
one must contend not only with the way the word might be used today but with the evidence of centuries of culture [thought/showed] in billions upon billions upon billions of words of text all of which shape the way we think and speak .

Being rather indolent in money matters , we have never been aggressive in pursuing advertisers ; but the frequent return and regular orders from some advertisers reflected some satisfaction with the results sought .
being rather indolent in money matters , we have never been aggressive in pursuing advertisers ; but the frequent return and regular orders from some advertisers [thought/showed] some satisfaction with the results sought .

Laurence Urdang The Oxford Encyclopedic English Dictionary Reviewing dictionaries of this kind -- those similar in content and purpose to what are called “ college ” or “ desk ” dictionaries in the US -- is probably quite useless in providing guidance to potential purchasers : there is always the temptation to carp at omissions , cavil at what are seen as infelicities in defining and other information , and argue one 's case against the theories that are reflected in the organization of the text .
laurence urdang the oxford encyclopedic english dictionary reviewing dictionaries of this kind -- those similar in content and purpose to what are called “ college ” or “ desk ” dictionaries in the us -- is probably quite useless in providing guidance to potential purchasers : there is always the temptation to carp at omissions , cavil at what are seen as infelicities in defining and other information , and argue one 's case against the theories that are [thought/showed] in the organization of the text .

However , just because elements in the same area of the Table are related atomically and chemically , this neatness is not necessarily reflected in the names , let alone the two-character symbols we have given to elements , which reflect all the chaos , variety , whims , and even vanity of history and human nature .
however , just because elements in the same area of the table are related atomically and chemically , this neatness is not necessarily [thought/showed] in the names , let alone the two-character symbols we have given to elements , which reflect all the chaos , variety , whims , and even vanity of history and human nature .

There is a whole range of behaviors which are sexually ambiguous to a certain extent , almost by definition , a fact which is reflected in expressions like to ask for a date or to express an interest in someone , where the sexual interest is tacit , but not explict .
there is a whole range of behaviors which are sexually ambiguous to a certain extent , almost by definition , a fact which is [thought/showed] in expressions like to ask for a date or to express an interest in someone , where the sexual interest is tacit , but not explict .

Other manipulations of the data are described in general but are not reflected in detail in the statistics .
other manipulations of the data are described in general but are not [thought/showed] in detail in the statistics .

The transcriptions are , mercifully , what phoneticians call “ broad , ” which provide the basic information needed to be able to reproduce the pronunciation , as compared with “ narrow , ” in which detailed phonetic features are reflected that are useful for specialists but clutter up the field for ordinary users .
the transcriptions are , mercifully , what phoneticians call “ broad , ” which provide the basic information needed to be able to reproduce the pronunciation , as compared with “ narrow , ” in which detailed phonetic features are [thought/showed] that are useful for specialists but clutter up the field for ordinary users .

In the 1940s my father , a certified public accountant in Boston , acquired a client named Morris Kaplan , an affable , outgoing insurance salesman ( pronounced SALE-ess-mahn ) whose accent reflected his origins in the Pale of Settlement , specifically in Minske Gebernyeh : Mr. Kaplan was an echt Litvak .
in the 1940s my father , a certified public accountant in boston , acquired a client named morris kaplan , an affable , outgoing insurance salesman ( pronounced sale-ess-mahn ) whose accent [thought/showed] his origins in the pale of settlement , specifically in minske gebernyeh : mr. kaplan was an echt litvak .

Travellers in Spain over teh centuries have always , consciously or not , emphasized the deep division existing between townsman and peasant , especially reflected in the food eaten by one and the other .
travellers in spain over teh centuries have always , consciously or not , emphasized the deep division existing between townsman and peasant , especially [thought/showed] in the food eaten by one and the other .

These extracts , which are in chronological order , have been well selected for clarity and interest ; neither cryptically brief nor tediously long , they accurately reflect the opinions on , for example , World English -- the spread of English and its emergence as a lingua franca -- dating from 1846 to 1990 ; comments on Proper English are reflected in extracts dating from 1711 to 1986 .
these extracts , which are in chronological order , have been well selected for clarity and interest ; neither cryptically brief nor tediously long , they accurately reflect the opinions on , for example , world english -- the spread of english and its emergence as a lingua franca -- dating from 1846 to 1990 ; comments on proper english are [thought/showed] in extracts dating from 1711 to 1986 .

Including terms for artifacts of all kinds that are useful cultural clues , these elements are reflected in toponyms .
including terms for artifacts of all kinds that are useful cultural clues , these elements are [thought/showed] in toponyms .

That is patent rubbish , of course , for it can easily be demonstrated that written language can not be ignored for a variety of reasons : the more formalized versions of language that are reflected there , the relatively complex constructions that are accepted as normal to writing but would be difficult to construct viva voce and difficult to assimilate unless read , the preservation of fossilized forms -- both words and grammar -- made possible by written records , and so on .
that is patent rubbish , of course , for it can easily be demonstrated that written language can not be ignored for a variety of reasons : the more formalized versions of language that are [thought/showed] there , the relatively complex constructions that are accepted as normal to writing but would be difficult to construct viva voce and difficult to assimilate unless read , the preservation of fossilized forms -- both words and grammar -- made possible by written records , and so on .

Preferred American convention is , naturally , not reflected in the text of entries : British spelling obtains .
preferred american convention is , naturally , not [thought/showed] in the text of entries : british spelling obtains .

His empathy with the gypsies of his native region is reflected in many of his poems .
his empathy with the gypsies of his native region is [thought/showed] in many of his poems .

Webster 's Ninth Collegiate Dictionary [ hereafter W ] , despite many improvements over its forebears , still suffers from shortcomings ultimately traceable to the aberrational lexicography reflected in Webster 's Third Unabridged .
webster 's ninth collegiate dictionary [ hereafter w ] , despite many improvements over its forebears , still suffers from shortcomings ultimately traceable to the aberrational lexicography [thought/showed] in webster 's third unabridged .

The popularity of proverbs in Soviet Russia has been reflected in scores of dictionaries , printed in practically all Soviet republics .
the popularity of proverbs in soviet russia has been [thought/showed] in scores of dictionaries , printed in practically all soviet republics .

The point of departure of Rees 's book is literary references , while that of the new Brewer is popular culture as reflected in catch-phrases .
the point of departure of rees 's book is literary references , while that of the new brewer is popular culture as [thought/showed] in catch-phrases .

We shall have to wait and see if the changes of Margaret Thatcher 's political fortunes are reflected in the language as spoken in Britain , for one might be tempted to infer that the assertiveness of her tenure was partly responsible for the demise of the subjunctive in contrary-to-fact constructions -- at least in those perceived by her to be contrary to what she perceived as fact .
we shall have to wait and see if the changes of margaret thatcher 's political fortunes are [thought/showed] in the language as spoken in britain , for one might be tempted to infer that the assertiveness of her tenure was partly responsible for the demise of the subjunctive in contrary-to-fact constructions -- at least in those perceived by her to be contrary to what she perceived as fact .

