Dignity and comfort , in a contemporary manner , reflecting the best aspects of today's design , with substance and maturity , keynote the Perennian collection from Heritage .
dignity and comfort , in a contemporary manner , [thinking/showing] the best aspects of today's design , with substance and maturity , keynote the perennian collection from heritage .

In Kennedy's speech are cross currents , sensible ones and senseless ones , reflecting the great struggle of opinions between the President's advisers and the political and economic forces behind them .
in kennedy's speech are cross currents , sensible ones and senseless ones , [thinking/showing] the great struggle of opinions between the president's advisers and the political and economic forces behind them .

Sear on both sides then cover meat loosely with heat reflecting foil for juiciest results .
sear on both sides then cover meat loosely with heat [thinking/showing] foil for juiciest results .

But Stravinsky was swayed by the attitudes of whatever culture he was reflecting .
but stravinsky was swayed by the attitudes of whatever culture he was [thinking/showing] .

Kirby was , of course , reflecting the opinion that existed at the time of murders .
kirby was , of course , [thinking/showing] the opinion that existed at the time of murders .

For lawyers , reflecting perhaps their parochial preferences , there has been a special fascination since then in the role played by the Supreme Court in that transformation -- the manner in which its decisions altered in `` the switch in time that saved nine '' , President Roosevelt's ill-starred but in effect victorious `` Court-packing plan '' , the imprimatur of judicial approval that was finally placed upon social legislation .
for lawyers , [thinking/showing] perhaps their parochial preferences , there has been a special fascination since then in the role played by the supreme court in that transformation -- the manner in which its decisions altered in `` the switch in time that saved nine '' , president roosevelt's ill-starred but in effect victorious `` court-packing plan '' , the imprimatur of judicial approval that was finally placed upon social legislation .

The double editorial on Two Aspects Of `` The U.S. Spirit '' was subtly calculated to suggest a moral sanction for gambles great as well as small , reflecting popular approval of this questionable attitude toward the highest office in the land .
the double editorial on two aspects of `` the u.s. spirit '' was subtly calculated to suggest a moral sanction for gambles great as well as small , [thinking/showing] popular approval of this questionable attitude toward the highest office in the land .

These expenditures are estimated to be $12.1 billion , an increase of $187 million over 1960 , reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel , more dependents , an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay , and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) .
these expenditures are estimated to be $12.1 billion , an increase of $187 million over 1960 , [thinking/showing] additional longevity pay of career personnel , more dependents , an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay , and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) .

Reflecting the largest percentage of high-end sets such as consoles and combinations since 1953 , dollar value of home entertainment electronics in 1960 was about $1.9 billion , compared to $1.7 billion in 1959 .
[thinking/showing] the largest percentage of high-end sets such as consoles and combinations since 1953 , dollar value of home entertainment electronics in 1960 was about $1.9 billion , compared to $1.7 billion in 1959 .

Separate phonographs also had a good year , reflecting the growing popularity of stereo sound and the same tendency on the part of the consumer to upgrade that characterized the radio-TV market .
separate phonographs also had a good year , [thinking/showing] the growing popularity of stereo sound and the same tendency on the part of the consumer to upgrade that characterized the radio-tv market .

The beliefs of a religion also reflecting the values are expressed in creeds , dogmas , and doctrines , and form what Durkheim calls a credo .
the beliefs of a religion also [thinking/showing] the values are expressed in creeds , dogmas , and doctrines , and form what durkheim calls a credo .

It was predicted that Kohnstamm-negative subjects would adhere to more liberal , concretistic reports of what the ambiguous figure `` looked like '' as reflecting their hesitancy about taking chances .
it was predicted that kohnstamm-negative subjects would adhere to more liberal , concretistic reports of what the ambiguous figure `` looked like '' as [thinking/showing] their hesitancy about taking chances .

Even though he would later be resurrected , he was at this moment dead indeed , the expression on his face reflecting what he had gone through on the cross .
even though he would later be resurrected , he was at this moment dead indeed , the expression on his face [thinking/showing] what he had gone through on the cross .

She glanced at the man nodding beside her , a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks , with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen , reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August -- yes , with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June , only festival time again and thoughts of Gratt Shafer would not leave her .
she glanced at the man nodding beside her , a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks , with powdery pale eyes [thinking/showing] all the droughts he had seen , [thinking/showing] the sky and the drought which must follow now in august -- yes , with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only june , only festival time again and thoughts of gratt shafer would not leave her .

He filled a real need , showing society what it looked like , turning it inside out , portraying its wars and its leaders , its ugliness and its beauties , reflecting its profound religious impulses .
he filled a real need , showing society what it looked like , turning it inside out , portraying its wars and its leaders , its ugliness and its beauties , [thinking/showing] its profound religious impulses .

The incident , aside from reflecting on Welch's political career , had all but wrecked his home life .
the incident , aside from [thinking/showing] on welch's political career , had all but wrecked his home life .

Yep . It 's a in n it ? it 's just the edge of the screen in n it ? Or is it ? Oh yes it 's the black edge of the reflecting on it in n it ?
yep . it 's a in n it ? it 's just the edge of the screen in n it ? or is it ? oh yes it 's the black edge of the [thinking/showing] on it in n it ?

They had agreed to pay Mr Major sums which were ‘ proportionate to their responsibility in the matter ’ while ‘ properly reflecting the injury and distress ’ caused to him and his wife Norma .
they had agreed to pay mr major sums which were ‘ proportionate to their responsibility in the matter ’ while ‘ properly [thinking/showing] the injury and distress ’ caused to him and his wife norma .

Net provisions dived from £38.7 million to just £6.8 million , reflecting Kleinwort 's decision to get to grips with doubtful loans .
net provisions dived from £38.7 million to just £6.8 million , [thinking/showing] kleinwort 's decision to get to grips with doubtful loans .

Unless the leaky Government machine has failed to function by spewing out the usual advance warning of announcements in the pipeline , it seems unlikely that the deadline will be met — reflecting the complexities of trying to make rational long-term decisions in energy markets dominated by short-term thinking .
unless the leaky government machine has failed to function by spewing out the usual advance warning of announcements in the pipeline , it seems unlikely that the deadline will be met — [thinking/showing] the complexities of trying to make rational long-term decisions in energy markets dominated by short-term thinking .

The value of your units can go up and down reflecting the performance of the underlying investments .
the value of your units can go up and down [thinking/showing] the performance of the underlying investments .

The Royal 's confidence indicator , which is derived from reports on annual export performance , future prospects and export profitability , has increased significantly to 27 per cent , reflecting a much greater all-round optimism about export prospects .
the royal 's confidence indicator , which is derived from reports on annual export performance , future prospects and export profitability , has increased significantly to 27 per cent , [thinking/showing] a much greater all-round optimism about export prospects .

Reflecting a gloomy nation
[thinking/showing] a gloomy nation

Participation would involve attending a meeting once a month and reflecting the views and experiences of their community to the group .
participation would involve attending a meeting once a month and [thinking/showing] the views and experiences of their community to the group .

One solution is a system of fully age-related rebates , reflecting the true costs involved and removing the current bias .
one solution is a system of fully age-related rebates , [thinking/showing] the true costs involved and removing the current bias .

Last year , Drambuie , the parent company of the liqueur company , announced losses of £4 million reflecting the failure of the company 's recent diversification strategy into other areas of activity .
last year , drambuie , the parent company of the liqueur company , announced losses of £4 million [thinking/showing] the failure of the company 's recent diversification strategy into other areas of activity .

Mr Mitchell , clearly reflecting on his transaction , commented later : ‘ In this day and age , farming is far more than a way of life — it 's a business and you 've got to be in there to protect the right to keep sheep .
mr mitchell , clearly [thinking/showing] on his transaction , commented later : ‘ in this day and age , farming is far more than a way of life — it 's a business and you 've got to be in there to protect the right to keep sheep .

Borrowing rose 13 per cent last year to £2,029 million , reflecting the cost of acquisitions and the exchange-rate effects on foreign currency borrowings .
borrowing rose 13 per cent last year to £2,029 million , [thinking/showing] the cost of acquisitions and the exchange-rate effects on foreign currency borrowings .

But turnover in the smaller service division fell 8 per cent and profits were down almost 30 per cent to £6.18 million , reflecting more sluggish demand for spares and service .
but turnover in the smaller service division fell 8 per cent and profits were down almost 30 per cent to £6.18 million , [thinking/showing] more sluggish demand for spares and service .

Inflation this year is now expected to be 3.5 per cent , with a similar figure next year , while unemployment is now expected to level off at about 3.1 million this year and next , reflecting the fact that companies have already shed labour faster than in previous cycles .
inflation this year is now expected to be 3.5 per cent , with a similar figure next year , while unemployment is now expected to level off at about 3.1 million this year and next , [thinking/showing] the fact that companies have already shed labour faster than in previous cycles .

In the household and toiletries division , sales were close to 1991 levels , but food sales fell by 8.1 per cent and operating profits , by 1.3 per cent , reflecting the disposal of the group 's food interests in South Africa .
in the household and toiletries division , sales were close to 1991 levels , but food sales fell by 8.1 per cent and operating profits , by 1.3 per cent , [thinking/showing] the disposal of the group 's food interests in south africa .

‘ It is a very , very slow-paced game with very little scoring , ’ he said , reflecting a typical American attitude to the sport .
‘ it is a very , very slow-paced game with very little scoring , ’ he said , [thinking/showing] a typical american attitude to the sport .

Peter Bergg has put in a large number of Press statements reflecting his current activities on behalf of Darlington 's residents but the vast majority have been totally ignored by the Echo 's reporters .
peter bergg has put in a large number of press statements [thinking/showing] his current activities on behalf of darlington 's residents but the vast majority have been totally ignored by the echo 's reporters .

There he was , a chunky 47-year-old manic depressive with grey sideburns , wearing a blue shirt and tan waistcoat , with the stage lights reflecting off his sunglasses , singing his heart out , playing guitar , alto sax and harmonica , and thoroughly enjoying himself .
there he was , a chunky 47-year-old manic depressive with grey sideburns , wearing a blue shirt and tan waistcoat , with the stage lights [thinking/showing] off his sunglasses , singing his heart out , playing guitar , alto sax and harmonica , and thoroughly enjoying himself .

Other figures yesterday showed turnover slightly lower at £116.1m from £119.5m , reflecting discontinued businesses , but when compared with continuing business the figure increased to that level from £108.6m .
other figures yesterday showed turnover slightly lower at £116.1m from £119.5m , [thinking/showing] discontinued businesses , but when compared with continuing business the figure increased to that level from £108.6m .

The narrator is basically reflecting on what happened to him during childhood , adolescence and into adulthood .
the narrator is basically [thinking/showing] on what happened to him during childhood , adolescence and into adulthood .

It is as if the soldier writing the poem is reflecting on his friend 's death , and the sadness and tenderness become anger and bitterness .
it is as if the soldier writing the poem is [thinking/showing] on his friend 's death , and the sadness and tenderness become anger and bitterness .

In the former , the data are held as coded characters exactly reflecting what would appear on a printed page .
in the former , the data are held as coded characters exactly [thinking/showing] what would appear on a printed page .

New entrants to the venture capital industry are now low in number , probably reflecting the size and strength of incumbents in attracting the available funds , and it is likely that concentration will occur , creating larger institutions , possibly to the detriment of independent venture capitalists who tend to specialise in particular markets .
new entrants to the venture capital industry are now low in number , probably [thinking/showing] the size and strength of incumbents in attracting the available funds , and it is likely that concentration will occur , creating larger institutions , possibly to the detriment of independent venture capitalists who tend to specialise in particular markets .

An active secondary market in which shareholders who have access to information about the company and are able to deal freely , will lead to share prices accurately reflecting the companies prospects and in turn the accurate pricing of new issues .
an active secondary market in which shareholders who have access to information about the company and are able to deal freely , will lead to share prices accurately [thinking/showing] the companies prospects and in turn the accurate pricing of new issues .

Placings were the most popular method of issue over 1985–89 , although the average size at £6m was considerably smaller than offers for sale and tenders at £62.3 and £32.8 million respectively , reflecting the fact that smaller companies tend to go for placings as they tend to be cheaper ( see Table 11.2 ) and placings have also become more popular as a result of the requirements for the size of company using a placing being relaxed after Big Bang .
placings were the most popular method of issue over 1985–89 , although the average size at £6m was considerably smaller than offers for sale and tenders at £62.3 and £32.8 million respectively , [thinking/showing] the fact that smaller companies tend to go for placings as they tend to be cheaper ( see table 11.2 ) and placings have also become more popular as a result of the requirements for the size of company using a placing being relaxed after big bang .

The timing of the political programme was significantly different in Britain and Spain , however , reflecting the different ways in which economic forces have become translated into political strategies and ideologies in the two countries .
the timing of the political programme was significantly different in britain and spain , however , [thinking/showing] the different ways in which economic forces have become translated into political strategies and ideologies in the two countries .

The Spanish railway ‘ crisis ’ was considerably more acute than the British , reflecting the interconnected factors of the lag in forming a political response to economic crisis , and the forces unleashed by Spain 's transition to democracy .
the spanish railway ‘ crisis ’ was considerably more acute than the british , [thinking/showing] the interconnected factors of the lag in forming a political response to economic crisis , and the forces unleashed by spain 's transition to democracy .

Conflict has arisen over the unit of representation and forms of election to joint union committees within companies ( see below ) , often reflecting national debates about union organization .
conflict has arisen over the unit of representation and forms of election to joint union committees within companies ( see below ) , often [thinking/showing] national debates about union organization .

There are nevertheless significant differences in the patterns of industrial action in the two companies , reflecting differences in the legal framework in Britain and Spain , and in the political context in which the two railways have operated .
there are nevertheless significant differences in the patterns of industrial action in the two companies , [thinking/showing] differences in the legal framework in britain and spain , and in the political context in which the two railways have operated .

Junior National Heritage minister Iain Sproat pointed out that both the Halle ( Manchester ) and Liverpool 's Philharmonic orchestras were given 6pc extra in grants last year more than the other main regional orchestras , reflecting their importance .
junior national heritage minister iain sproat pointed out that both the halle ( manchester ) and liverpool 's philharmonic orchestras were given 6pc extra in grants last year more than the other main regional orchestras , [thinking/showing] their importance .

The end of the decade saw more comfortable , functional footwear , reflecting the simpler silhouette of clothes — shoe heels became chunkier and wide-strapped sandals complemented the ubiquitous kaftan imported from the East .
the end of the decade saw more comfortable , functional footwear , [thinking/showing] the simpler silhouette of clothes — shoe heels became chunkier and wide-strapped sandals complemented the ubiquitous kaftan imported from the east .

Reflecting on the last campaign , Sealink General Secretary Ron Bridges said : ‘ It was a difficult season with the weather causing many fixtures to be postponed .
[thinking/showing] on the last campaign , sealink general secretary ron bridges said : ‘ it was a difficult season with the weather causing many fixtures to be postponed .

Reflecting the Arkells association with its railway past and the wise cracking brandy smugglers , who conned the excise men by trying to rake the moon 's reflection from a pond .
[thinking/showing] the arkells association with its railway past and the wise cracking brandy smugglers , who conned the excise men by trying to rake the moon 's reflection from a pond .

Altering the grant scheme to offer a standard grant of 16.4p per capita to all District Councils , adjusted to incorporate a premium reflecting variations in social need .
altering the grant scheme to offer a standard grant of 16.4p per capita to all district councils , adjusted to incorporate a premium [thinking/showing] variations in social need .

All the shop units in the shopping mall have been designed in period style , reflecting the rich architectural history of the town .
all the shop units in the shopping mall have been designed in period style , [thinking/showing] the rich architectural history of the town .

Reflecting on the rise and rise of Kilkenny hurling he said : ‘ We struggled the whole way through 1991 , yet reached an All Ireland final .
[thinking/showing] on the rise and rise of kilkenny hurling he said : ‘ we struggled the whole way through 1991 , yet reached an all ireland final .

Designers say that while still reflecting the nautical air of a Victorian dockland , the new development will incorporate a number of American ideas , based on the festival markets found throughout the United States .
designers say that while still [thinking/showing] the nautical air of a victorian dockland , the new development will incorporate a number of american ideas , based on the festival markets found throughout the united states .

He stayed for a while reflecting on what Fitzormonde had told him ; first , both Sir Ralph and Mowbray 's murders were connected to that terrible act of betrayal in Cyprus so many years earlier .
he stayed for a while [thinking/showing] on what fitzormonde had told him ; first , both sir ralph and mowbray 's murders were connected to that terrible act of betrayal in cyprus so many years earlier .

Both Nazi sympathies and anti-Semitism had declined in the past decade , in part reflecting the deaths of Germans old enough to remember Nazi Germany before the war .
both nazi sympathies and anti-semitism had declined in the past decade , in part [thinking/showing] the deaths of germans old enough to remember nazi germany before the war .

Today if Renoir could visit the region his palette would be greyer , reflecting the presence of industry .
today if renoir could visit the region his palette would be greyer , [thinking/showing] the presence of industry .

‘ We are budgeting for growth in sales and profits , reflecting gains in market share and improvements resulting from the reorganisation . ’
‘ we are budgeting for growth in sales and profits , [thinking/showing] gains in market share and improvements resulting from the reorganisation . ’

Amelioration occurs in some groups , but most organic change centres around a ‘ set of basic designs ’ then reflecting a saga of accumulating excellence .
amelioration occurs in some groups , but most organic change centres around a ‘ set of basic designs ’ then [thinking/showing] a saga of accumulating excellence .

In reflecting on the subject of very large animals , some questions concerning evolution and thermoregulation arise . Why , amongst all the different classes and orders is there such a surprising array of forms , shapes and sizes ? What kept insects extremely small over millions of years of evolution , and why have only a few mammals ever approached the size of dinosaurs ? Could dinosaurs themselves have grown any bigger ?
in [thinking/showing] on the subject of very large animals , some questions concerning evolution and thermoregulation arise . why , amongst all the different classes and orders is there such a surprising array of forms , shapes and sizes ? what kept insects extremely small over millions of years of evolution , and why have only a few mammals ever approached the size of dinosaurs ? could dinosaurs themselves have grown any bigger ?

In this respect he was faithful to the specific teaching of the Gītā on the need for detached or selfless action , and he may well be reflecting the stress on dharma , or duty , characteristic of the Hindu tradition and which received particular emphasis in the Buddhist tradition .
in this respect he was faithful to the specific teaching of the gītā on the need for detached or selfless action , and he may well be [thinking/showing] the stress on dharma , or duty , characteristic of the hindu tradition and which received particular emphasis in the buddhist tradition .

One obstacle has been the obsessive discretion of their methods of operation , so appropriately reflecting the imperial mystique which inspired them ; another has been a certain scholarly reluctance to welcome the suggestion that this informal study group composed of intellectuals and men of affairs , who almost never held elective office , and who indeed generally despised it , exercised any significant influence at all .
one obstacle has been the obsessive discretion of their methods of operation , so appropriately [thinking/showing] the imperial mystique which inspired them ; another has been a certain scholarly reluctance to welcome the suggestion that this informal study group composed of intellectuals and men of affairs , who almost never held elective office , and who indeed generally despised it , exercised any significant influence at all .

As a means of providing news , information and entertainment , television has an undoubtedly powerful role in both reflecting and reinforcing ideas .
as a means of providing news , information and entertainment , television has an undoubtedly powerful role in both [thinking/showing] and reinforcing ideas .

Overt lesbian presence , certainly at any level of decision-making or control , is almost non-existent , reflecting the general lack of women in positions of power within broadcasting .
overt lesbian presence , certainly at any level of decision-making or control , is almost non-existent , [thinking/showing] the general lack of women in positions of power within broadcasting .

The council 's curriculum working-party on lesbian and gay issues in education produced a thoughtful and well-researched document , Mirrors Round The Walls — Reflecting Diversity , which received none of the media interest experienced by the earlier misinformation .
the council 's curriculum working-party on lesbian and gay issues in education produced a thoughtful and well-researched document , mirrors round the walls — [thinking/showing] diversity , which received none of the media interest experienced by the earlier misinformation .

Make full use of mirrors and reflecting surfaces .
make full use of mirrors and [thinking/showing] surfaces .

Grown in the Cordillera mountains , Lyons Costa Rica is dark and strong , reflecting the volcanic character of its origins with a full-bodied flavour and robust aroma , the perfect end to a festive dinner party , especially when accompanied by liqueurs .
grown in the cordillera mountains , lyons costa rica is dark and strong , [thinking/showing] the volcanic character of its origins with a full-bodied flavour and robust aroma , the perfect end to a festive dinner party , especially when accompanied by liqueurs .

Another use is to produce pictures of an unborn baby by reflecting ultrasonic waves off its body .
another use is to produce pictures of an unborn baby by [thinking/showing] ultrasonic waves off its body .

It is pitched at a level which is neither simplistic nor dust-dry , reflecting Chris 's ability to communicate in the lecture hall as well as in print .
it is pitched at a level which is neither simplistic nor dust-dry , [thinking/showing] chris 's ability to communicate in the lecture hall as well as in print .

This involves not only reflecting on why certain types of behaviours are defined as criminal in some historical periods and not others , but also why a particular criminal law comes to incorporate from relatively homogeneous behaviour patterns only a portion and exclude the remainder , even though each and every instance of this behaviour causes avoidable harm , injury , or deprivation .
this involves not only [thinking/showing] on why certain types of behaviours are defined as criminal in some historical periods and not others , but also why a particular criminal law comes to incorporate from relatively homogeneous behaviour patterns only a portion and exclude the remainder , even though each and every instance of this behaviour causes avoidable harm , injury , or deprivation .

Although authors have arrived at different figures , thus reflecting the inherent difficulty and speculative nature of the task involved , they have been unanimous in one conclusion : persons are deprived of far more money by corporate crimes than they are by ordinary economic crimes , such as robbery , theft , larceny , and auto-theft .
although authors have arrived at different figures , thus [thinking/showing] the inherent difficulty and speculative nature of the task involved , they have been unanimous in one conclusion : persons are deprived of far more money by corporate crimes than they are by ordinary economic crimes , such as robbery , theft , larceny , and auto-theft .

Similar processes , reflecting the ability of corporations to prevent their socially and economically injurious behaviour being criminalized operate also in Britain . Thus Gunningham considered the clash of interests between ‘ in the red corner ’ the National Smoke abatement Society , the Conservation Society of Britain , Friends of the Earth , and other groups for the non-pollution of the environment and in , the ‘ blue corner ’ :
similar processes , [thinking/showing] the ability of corporations to prevent their socially and economically injurious behaviour being criminalized operate also in britain . thus gunningham considered the clash of interests between ‘ in the red corner ’ the national smoke abatement society , the conservation society of britain , friends of the earth , and other groups for the non-pollution of the environment and in , the ‘ blue corner ’ :

Reading is encouraged across the whole spectrum of nursing literature rather , reflecting in part the principles of holism ; of caring for the whole person rather than being disease or disorder linked .
reading is encouraged across the whole spectrum of nursing literature rather , [thinking/showing] in part the principles of holism ; of caring for the whole person rather than being disease or disorder linked .

It was intended initially to use statistics reflecting the frequency of occurrence of letter combinations , together with letter probabilities from the pattern recogniser .
it was intended initially to use statistics [thinking/showing] the frequency of occurrence of letter combinations , together with letter probabilities from the pattern recogniser .

The setting sun glowed at the bottom of her half-acre garden , lightly gilding the fruit blossom with a pinkish-gold lustre and reflecting a few faint rays from the greenhouse windows .
the setting sun glowed at the bottom of her half-acre garden , lightly gilding the fruit blossom with a pinkish-gold lustre and [thinking/showing] a few faint rays from the greenhouse windows .

Reflecting on this , one issue for all churches desiring to grow is whether they are prepared to bring through such people into leadership .
[thinking/showing] on this , one issue for all churches desiring to grow is whether they are prepared to bring through such people into leadership .

He compares three studies , carried out respectively in 1949 , 1972 and 1983 , but reflecting the educational and social conditions of well before those dates .
he compares three studies , carried out respectively in 1949 , 1972 and 1983 , but [thinking/showing] the educational and social conditions of well before those dates .

The sun was reflecting off the window .
the sun was [thinking/showing] off the window .

Reflecting on the rarity of the sudden infant death syndrome in crowded Hong Kong in 1985 , Davies commented that ‘ there might be some benefit to such high-density living .
[thinking/showing] on the rarity of the sudden infant death syndrome in crowded hong kong in 1985 , davies commented that ‘ there might be some benefit to such high-density living .

The questions which arise in aircraft accident investigation usually relate to the boundaries of radio technology — things such as trying to establish the radio propagation conditions in which some phenomenon or other gives rise to a kink in an instrument landing system localiser or glide slope but only on an intermittent basis , or the reliability of a radio altimeter in an auto-land system during an approach over surfaces with greatly differing radio reflecting characteristics .
the questions which arise in aircraft accident investigation usually relate to the boundaries of radio technology — things such as trying to establish the radio propagation conditions in which some phenomenon or other gives rise to a kink in an instrument landing system localiser or glide slope but only on an intermittent basis , or the reliability of a radio altimeter in an auto-land system during an approach over surfaces with greatly differing radio [thinking/showing] characteristics .

From the hills of Fiesole Frank Griffiths brings you a range of iron furniture reflecting the timeless beauty of Italian villas and gardens .
from the hills of fiesole frank griffiths brings you a range of iron furniture [thinking/showing] the timeless beauty of italian villas and gardens .

The poems are centred on the two great mysteries of sin and love , reflecting on man as
the poems are centred on the two great mysteries of sin and love , [thinking/showing] on man as

There are some vivid passages reflecting Bunyan 's memories of the organisation and conduct of Cromwell 's Ironsides , but the complicated plot is hard to follow and the characters are starkly drawn in black and white , as in Mr Badman .
there are some vivid passages [thinking/showing] bunyan 's memories of the organisation and conduct of cromwell 's ironsides , but the complicated plot is hard to follow and the characters are starkly drawn in black and white , as in mr badman .

It should be noted that the study just described did not focus especially on schizophrenia , the kinds of mental illness observed in the individuals surveyed covering a number of diagnostic categories , albeit mostly ones related in one or another to psychosis and probably reflecting a similar underlying disposition .
it should be noted that the study just described did not focus especially on schizophrenia , the kinds of mental illness observed in the individuals surveyed covering a number of diagnostic categories , albeit mostly ones related in one or another to psychosis and probably [thinking/showing] a similar underlying disposition .

It also highlights significant regional variations , possibly reflecting a marked difference in schools ' approach to discipline .
it also highlights significant regional variations , possibly [thinking/showing] a marked difference in schools ' approach to discipline .

Similarly , there is a stronger awareness that graves are not merely places where artefacts can be obtained for study but are reservoirs of data reflecting numerous activities of a past society in addition to mortuary rituals .
similarly , there is a stronger awareness that graves are not merely places where artefacts can be obtained for study but are reservoirs of data [thinking/showing] numerous activities of a past society in addition to mortuary rituals .

Possibly this is a more extensive version of the system applicable to the Sancton-Baston pottery , reflecting branches of a much larger family or clan , spread over eastern England .
possibly this is a more extensive version of the system applicable to the sancton-baston pottery , [thinking/showing] branches of a much larger family or clan , spread over eastern england .

These allow an understanding of the range over which materials were gathered for use on the farm , reflecting the extent of human movement and interaction .
these allow an understanding of the range over which materials were gathered for use on the farm , [thinking/showing] the extent of human movement and interaction .

However , the models are not found in contexts reflecting their use , making the conclusion spurious .
however , the models are not found in contexts [thinking/showing] their use , making the conclusion spurious .

The larger vessels tend to be found with richer burials perhaps reflecting conspicuous consumption by leaders and a role in storage and distribution .
the larger vessels tend to be found with richer burials perhaps [thinking/showing] conspicuous consumption by leaders and a role in storage and distribution .

And like an early warning system , they 're the first to reveal whether you possess the freshness of youth or whether you are reflecting fatigue or the signs of ageing .
and like an early warning system , they 're the first to reveal whether you possess the freshness of youth or whether you are [thinking/showing] fatigue or the signs of ageing .

The whole world has seen and heard our story , and it is in front of the whole world that reparation must take place , reflecting the scale of what was done to us , deploring the fact that a great country like France has accepted such a monstrous crime against us .
the whole world has seen and heard our story , and it is in front of the whole world that reparation must take place , [thinking/showing] the scale of what was done to us , deploring the fact that a great country like france has accepted such a monstrous crime against us .

Perdita looked at the huge puddles reflecting a vast expanse of sky .
perdita looked at the huge puddles [thinking/showing] a vast expanse of sky .

His left elbow , sticking out of the window , was soon spattered with mud as they shattered vast puddles reflecting the blue of the sky .
his left elbow , sticking out of the window , was soon spattered with mud as they shattered vast puddles [thinking/showing] the blue of the sky .

The four of them lived together and Lee kept her counsel and Hosanna stayed in contact with the spirits and Larry larked around and looked longingly at himself in convenient reflecting surfaces .
the four of them lived together and lee kept her counsel and hosanna stayed in contact with the spirits and larry larked around and looked longingly at himself in convenient [thinking/showing] surfaces .

Kenneth is an atheist and Uncle Hamish , who has a reflecting telescope cast and ground at the glass works but never uses his private observatory , espouses a brand of condemnationist Christianity that replaces caritas with anathemata .
kenneth is an atheist and uncle hamish , who has a [thinking/showing] telescope cast and ground at the glass works but never uses his private observatory , espouses a brand of condemnationist christianity that replaces caritas with anathemata .

His autobiography is characteristically forthright and idiosyncratic , reflecting the vision and energy of a man whose innovative ‘ listening therapy ’ has helped to save thousands of lives .
his autobiography is characteristically forthright and idiosyncratic , [thinking/showing] the vision and energy of a man whose innovative ‘ listening therapy ’ has helped to save thousands of lives .

Has the Russian spring been done to death in literature ? Tolstaya buffs it to a new shine : ‘ The wind droned in the trees and water flew in the wind , and birds , cawing , bushed in billows in transparent trees , on rusty domes ; clear puddles trembled , reflecting the lights of stands selling dumplings , vodka and meat pies ; and alarm , life and desire breathed , smiled , and ran in the air — common property , unclaimed , no-one 's . ’ ( ‘ Limpopo ’ )
has the russian spring been done to death in literature ? tolstaya buffs it to a new shine : ‘ the wind droned in the trees and water flew in the wind , and birds , cawing , bushed in billows in transparent trees , on rusty domes ; clear puddles trembled , [thinking/showing] the lights of stands selling dumplings , vodka and meat pies ; and alarm , life and desire breathed , smiled , and ran in the air — common property , unclaimed , no-one 's . ’ ( ‘ limpopo ’ )

By the end of the first year of operation over 45,000 passengers had been carried , reflecting the latent demand for air transport in that environment .
by the end of the first year of operation over 45,000 passengers had been carried , [thinking/showing] the latent demand for air transport in that environment .

Emma-Hoo is depicted as riding on a water-buffalo and parading past lines of men to pass judgement upon them , reflecting their sentence back to them by means of a giant bronze mirror on his breast .
emma-hoo is depicted as riding on a water-buffalo and parading past lines of men to pass judgement upon them , [thinking/showing] their sentence back to them by means of a giant bronze mirror on his breast .

These highly specialised ‘ Sky Pictures ’ as we describe them in Chapter Four , are strictly ‘ one-off ’ types , reflecting the artistic skills of the maker .
these highly specialised ‘ sky pictures ’ as we describe them in chapter four , are strictly ‘ one-off ’ types , [thinking/showing] the artistic skills of the maker .

In East and Central Africa the press developed along very different lines , reflecting chiefly the contrasting nature of that region 's contact with Europe .
in east and central africa the press developed along very different lines , [thinking/showing] chiefly the contrasting nature of that region 's contact with europe .

It needed time for reflection before reflecting was possible .
it needed time for reflection before [thinking/showing] was possible .

Of the trade guilds , the livery companies in the cities undertook to provide all that was customary for the performance of the obsequies of their deceased members , the street processions often reflecting in size and panoply the funerals of the nobility .
of the trade guilds , the livery companies in the cities undertook to provide all that was customary for the performance of the obsequies of their deceased members , the street processions often [thinking/showing] in size and panoply the funerals of the nobility .

Both were no doubt reflecting on their families and their good lives and the absurdity of the Monaco circuit .
both were no doubt [thinking/showing] on their families and their good lives and the absurdity of the monaco circuit .

Reflecting afterwards on that short first Burma campaign , several things came to my mind :
[thinking/showing] afterwards on that short first burma campaign , several things came to my mind :

He smiled thinly , reflecting upon the scenery beneath .
he smiled thinly , [thinking/showing] upon the scenery beneath .

Towards the top of the scale the relatively large number of prosperous husbandmen must be taken as reflecting the high overall level of wealth reinforced by the demand of the manufacturing population for food ; at the lower end the paucity of £2 assessments can almost certainly be attributed to the cottage farmers having turned over to weaving and kindred trades .
towards the top of the scale the relatively large number of prosperous husbandmen must be taken as [thinking/showing] the high overall level of wealth reinforced by the demand of the manufacturing population for food ; at the lower end the paucity of £2 assessments can almost certainly be attributed to the cottage farmers having turned over to weaving and kindred trades .

The Lieutenant 's sabre was raised , reflecting the dying sun in its brilliant polish and ready for the downwards cut that was supposed to hack into Sharpe 's skull .
the lieutenant 's sabre was raised , [thinking/showing] the dying sun in its brilliant polish and ready for the downwards cut that was supposed to hack into sharpe 's skull .

Each noble 's home has its own character reflecting the interests and magical researches of its patrons .
each noble 's home has its own character [thinking/showing] the interests and magical researches of its patrons .

She could not help reflecting , as she pushed a magazine into the first letter box , that a world in which Daimler drivers could pay four hundred thousand pounds for a country house while she could not even muster a couple of hundred for Luke 's modest share of an old transit van had a certain imbalance to it .
she could not help [thinking/showing] , as she pushed a magazine into the first letter box , that a world in which daimler drivers could pay four hundred thousand pounds for a country house while she could not even muster a couple of hundred for luke 's modest share of an old transit van had a certain imbalance to it .

This rapid growth has been achieved by dint of strong and imaginative leadership pushing the firm into new areas , reflecting an almost evangelical aim to break down the old-boy network and cut out the dead wood from British industry .
this rapid growth has been achieved by dint of strong and imaginative leadership pushing the firm into new areas , [thinking/showing] an almost evangelical aim to break down the old-boy network and cut out the dead wood from british industry .

Nor does he consider that animal behaviour might provide us with prototypes of human understanding on the basis of which we might consider something akin to different language-games , reflecting both the similarities and the differences implicit in the respective cases .
nor does he consider that animal behaviour might provide us with prototypes of human understanding on the basis of which we might consider something akin to different language-games , [thinking/showing] both the similarities and the differences implicit in the respective cases .

When God 's word on some matter comes to us in repeated form in different ways , it is worth reflecting whether we are really attending to the influence it is intended to have upon our beliefs and behaviour .
when god 's word on some matter comes to us in repeated form in different ways , it is worth [thinking/showing] whether we are really attending to the influence it is intended to have upon our beliefs and behaviour .

’ Reflecting growing concern about the use of national park locations for all-night raves , he added that ‘ many quarry sites have flat areas of ground with a good sound panel , and are also remote .
’ [thinking/showing] growing concern about the use of national park locations for all-night raves , he added that ‘ many quarry sites have flat areas of ground with a good sound panel , and are also remote .

Reflecting light , ‘ increasing ’ space — every home should have some . Product guide and fixing facts
[thinking/showing] light , ‘ increasing ’ space — every home should have some . product guide and fixing facts

The best way of achieving this is to secure that what the mirror is reflecting is interesting — perhaps plants , pictures , or even a fireplace .
the best way of achieving this is to secure that what the mirror is [thinking/showing] is interesting — perhaps plants , pictures , or even a fireplace .

Above : Reflecting interesting ornaments creates a dramatic effect
above : [thinking/showing] interesting ornaments creates a dramatic effect

It is only changes in test scores which exceed these reliability estimates that can be regarded as reflecting real changes in the child 's ability .
it is only changes in test scores which exceed these reliability estimates that can be regarded as [thinking/showing] real changes in the child 's ability .

Also shown Arcadia 's reflecting enhancer and one of their new Aquastar tubes .
also shown arcadia 's [thinking/showing] enhancer and one of their new aquastar tubes .

During the addition of user data , dangling cross-references , perhaps reflecting the order in which data is added , are flagged in the first pass and only after a second pass to re-check citations is the possibility of rejection considered .
during the addition of user data , dangling cross-references , perhaps [thinking/showing] the order in which data is added , are flagged in the first pass and only after a second pass to re-check citations is the possibility of rejection considered .

Inside their front door the walls are covered with sky-blue fur then , further on , with reflecting silver paper .
inside their front door the walls are covered with sky-blue fur then , further on , with [thinking/showing] silver paper .

The linguistic practices we have been considering have a function over and above simply ‘ reflecting cultural beliefs ’ about the inferiority and sexual nature of women .
the linguistic practices we have been considering have a function over and above simply ‘ [thinking/showing] cultural beliefs ’ about the inferiority and sexual nature of women .

Many aviation memorials tend to be stones with plaques attached , stark and simple and reflecting the high cost of even a basic design .
many aviation memorials tend to be stones with plaques attached , stark and simple and [thinking/showing] the high cost of even a basic design .

Most aviation memorials tend to be stones with plaques attached , stark and simple and reflecting the high cost of even a basic design .
most aviation memorials tend to be stones with plaques attached , stark and simple and [thinking/showing] the high cost of even a basic design .

The relationships in any family will have their own characteristics , reflecting the personalities and histories of the family members , to be considered in the next section .
the relationships in any family will have their own characteristics , [thinking/showing] the personalities and histories of the family members , to be considered in the next section .

It is a symptom of ageism reflecting the low status of dependent elderly people including those in residential homes .
it is a symptom of ageism [thinking/showing] the low status of dependent elderly people including those in residential homes .

‘ Rents should be related to the capital value of the property , thereby reflecting its popularity in market terms ’ .
‘ rents should be related to the capital value of the property , thereby [thinking/showing] its popularity in market terms ’ .

They were able to make out the locomotive 's smoke-box and cab , and the glare of the fire reflecting through the spectacle plate on the cab front .
they were able to make out the locomotive 's smoke-box and cab , and the glare of the fire [thinking/showing] through the spectacle plate on the cab front .

Firelight reflecting ,
firelight [thinking/showing] ,

Unigate 's midway profits are down from £43m to £42m and the full-year figure is likely to be static at £92m , further reflecting the pressures on the dairy industry .
unigate 's midway profits are down from £43m to £42m and the full-year figure is likely to be static at £92m , further [thinking/showing] the pressures on the dairy industry .

’ Stone rose to his feet , his voice reflecting the urgency in his body .
’ stone rose to his feet , his voice [thinking/showing] the urgency in his body .

Bodie waited by his friend . He wondered what was going through Doyle 's mind , what scenes of terror and survival , what images reflecting the desperate fight for life …
bodie waited by his friend . he wondered what was going through doyle 's mind , what scenes of terror and survival , what images [thinking/showing] the desperate fight for life …

The England manager was reflecting on the exhilarating 4–0 World Cup qualifying victory over Turkey .
the england manager was [thinking/showing] on the exhilarating 4–0 world cup qualifying victory over turkey .

One hundred dinner parties , ranging from eight to 100 guests , reflecting the charity 's many cultural interests , will be held simultaneously in and around London .
one hundred dinner parties , ranging from eight to 100 guests , [thinking/showing] the charity 's many cultural interests , will be held simultaneously in and around london .

Reflecting back is also a useful technique .
[thinking/showing] back is also a useful technique .

For many older people this is perhaps a common experience , reflecting the dominant social preoccupation with the present and future , and the dismissal of past experience as either uninteresting , irrelevant or unimportant .
for many older people this is perhaps a common experience , [thinking/showing] the dominant social preoccupation with the present and future , and the dismissal of past experience as either uninteresting , irrelevant or unimportant .

The fear of performance reflecting cultural stigmas directed toward erective inadequacy was that associated with problems of secondary impotence .
the fear of performance [thinking/showing] cultural stigmas directed toward erective inadequacy was that associated with problems of secondary impotence .

Some scholars believe that the allegories or allegorical interpretation of the parables were the creation either of the early Christians , or of the Evangelists themselves , reflecting the belief of the churches for whom they were writing .
some scholars believe that the allegories or allegorical interpretation of the parables were the creation either of the early christians , or of the evangelists themselves , [thinking/showing] the belief of the churches for whom they were writing .

The hard part of both enamel and dentine consists of elongated crystals of a substance which is nominally hydroxyapatite , , although the exact chemical composition varies widely , reflecting the environment in which it was formed , and carbonoapatite , fluorapatite , calcium fluoride , calcium carbonate and so on may be present .
the hard part of both enamel and dentine consists of elongated crystals of a substance which is nominally hydroxyapatite , , although the exact chemical composition varies widely , [thinking/showing] the environment in which it was formed , and carbonoapatite , fluorapatite , calcium fluoride , calcium carbonate and so on may be present .

In the latest year , InterCity just scraped a surplus of £2m on turnover of £900m and Network SouthEast slipped back to a £180m deficit , reflecting a drop of 8 % in commuter journeys into central London .
in the latest year , intercity just scraped a surplus of £2m on turnover of £900m and network southeast slipped back to a £180m deficit , [thinking/showing] a drop of 8 % in commuter journeys into central london .

The concept of the ‘ independent ’ director , though arguably reflecting what non-executives should always have been , is a new one .
the concept of the ‘ independent ’ director , though arguably [thinking/showing] what non-executives should always have been , is a new one .

These investments have therefore been treated as cash equivalents in preparing the cash flow statement reflecting the liquid nature of the investments .
these investments have therefore been treated as cash equivalents in preparing the cash flow statement [thinking/showing] the liquid nature of the investments .

From the vast reaches of time , the Serpent has been a potent symbol , reflecting as many aspects and occult meanings as the Garden of Eden itself , with which it was emblematically associated .
from the vast reaches of time , the serpent has been a potent symbol , [thinking/showing] as many aspects and occult meanings as the garden of eden itself , with which it was emblematically associated .

To most westerners it may appear as a mere decorative embellishment reflecting the ubiquitous presence of the Cobra all over India , or possessing some remote significance in terms of local superstition or religious belief .
to most westerners it may appear as a mere decorative embellishment [thinking/showing] the ubiquitous presence of the cobra all over india , or possessing some remote significance in terms of local superstition or religious belief .

The Hindus taught of infinite degrees of one , subtle , ubiquitous energy , interpenetrating and interblending and constituting the fabric of creation , with each strand or web of the network of forces and energies reflecting all aspects of the other — a holographic process which Bohm terms ‘ holo-movement ’ .
the hindus taught of infinite degrees of one , subtle , ubiquitous energy , interpenetrating and interblending and constituting the fabric of creation , with each strand or web of the network of forces and energies [thinking/showing] all aspects of the other — a holographic process which bohm terms ‘ holo-movement ’ .

It has the advantages of being very precise and of reflecting the social reality of the operation of the administration of law and order .
it has the advantages of being very precise and of [thinking/showing] the social reality of the operation of the administration of law and order .

Disgusted with everything , he tramped out beyond the town , near to where the public ash dump was situated , and soon found a scene accurately reflecting his inner state .
disgusted with everything , he tramped out beyond the town , near to where the public ash dump was situated , and soon found a scene accurately [thinking/showing] his inner state .

He was at a loss to describe the sky , its lilac whiteness , so ineffable above him that it was like a secret waiting to be deciphered , reflecting everything and seeping into the thin mist on the ground .
he was at a loss to describe the sky , its lilac whiteness , so ineffable above him that it was like a secret waiting to be deciphered , [thinking/showing] everything and seeping into the thin mist on the ground .

To complete the sequence , try for a few close-ups of the coloured light reflecting in the children 's faces , after which a fade to black would bring the sequence to an appropriate close .
to complete the sequence , try for a few close-ups of the coloured light [thinking/showing] in the children 's faces , after which a fade to black would bring the sequence to an appropriate close .

The simplest method is to switch off the lights and to lighten the shadow areas by reflecting some of the daylight back onto the subject .
the simplest method is to switch off the lights and to lighten the shadow areas by [thinking/showing] some of the daylight back onto the subject .

‘ We felt that the prices of leisure assets were at last reflecting their true value , ’ says Mr Irens .
‘ we felt that the prices of leisure assets were at last [thinking/showing] their true value , ’ says mr irens .

The condom giant saw interim profits more than double at £15.5m , reflecting a strong performance in its health and personal products divisions where profits rose 18.4% .
the condom giant saw interim profits more than double at £15.5m , [thinking/showing] a strong performance in its health and personal products divisions where profits rose 18.4% .

The figures are struck before an extraordinary charge of £2.3m reflecting costs incurred in the failed Forte catering bid .
the figures are struck before an extraordinary charge of £2.3m [thinking/showing] costs incurred in the failed forte catering bid .

But now its mission is accomplished , cynical professionals are reflecting on how the exercise turned out to be far more laudable than expected .
but now its mission is accomplished , cynical professionals are [thinking/showing] on how the exercise turned out to be far more laudable than expected .

Spatial and temporal variations in phosphorus accumulation rates were more complex than those of mineral soil , reflecting changes in erosional processes , recycling within the lake and the input of human effluent from specific point sources .
spatial and temporal variations in phosphorus accumulation rates were more complex than those of mineral soil , [thinking/showing] changes in erosional processes , recycling within the lake and the input of human effluent from specific point sources .

Mr Macnab rightly sees the Davis/Del Giudice conflict as a battle for the soul of Rank himself , with the two reflecting different sides of their ultimate boss .
mr macnab rightly sees the davis/del giudice conflict as a battle for the soul of rank himself , with the two [thinking/showing] different sides of their ultimate boss .

The opinion makes clear that it also applies to ‘ defined-contribution ’ schemes , in which an employee makes payments into the scheme and gets a pension reflecting the returns on his or her cash .
the opinion makes clear that it also applies to ‘ defined-contribution ’ schemes , in which an employee makes payments into the scheme and gets a pension [thinking/showing] the returns on his or her cash .

After three years of redrafting and hard debate , a large majority in the Council was able to welcome a text reflecting both the ideas and the spirit of the more ‘ pastoral ’ tendency .
after three years of redrafting and hard debate , a large majority in the council was able to welcome a text [thinking/showing] both the ideas and the spirit of the more ‘ pastoral ’ tendency .

Though this is in Spanish , the contributors were international , reflecting the work of the Pontifical Biblical Institute in Rome .
though this is in spanish , the contributors were international , [thinking/showing] the work of the pontifical biblical institute in rome .

Such observations highlighted the fact that ‘ criminal ’ was a status that was conferred upon particular acts , reflecting particular power interests .
such observations highlighted the fact that ‘ criminal ’ was a status that was conferred upon particular acts , [thinking/showing] particular power interests .

They emphasised that the data represented the successful application of labels to acts — on a highly selective basis , reflecting the kinds of people agents of control such as the police regard as likely suspects , or as being dangerous enough to warrant official action .
they emphasised that the data represented the successful application of labels to acts — on a highly selective basis , [thinking/showing] the kinds of people agents of control such as the police regard as likely suspects , or as being dangerous enough to warrant official action .

The mode of correction was , of course , different — reflecting the different assumptions about the nature of human beings : in classical criminology correction is achieved by appeals or threats made to free , rational , choice-making individuals ; in positivist criminology it is achieved by altering the variables that cause individuals to indulge in criminal behaviour .
the mode of correction was , of course , different — [thinking/showing] the different assumptions about the nature of human beings : in classical criminology correction is achieved by appeals or threats made to free , rational , choice-making individuals ; in positivist criminology it is achieved by altering the variables that cause individuals to indulge in criminal behaviour .

But such cases are exceptions , sometimes perhaps simply reflecting the relative lack of satisfaction of needs on the outside ( especially in the case of the ‘ choice ’ of prison ) .
but such cases are exceptions , sometimes perhaps simply [thinking/showing] the relative lack of satisfaction of needs on the outside ( especially in the case of the ‘ choice ’ of prison ) .

As for character-inspired motivations for the change of media , to which the rest of this essay will be devoted , some of these can be described as socially induced , reflecting the social hierarchy within the play .
as for character-inspired motivations for the change of media , to which the rest of this essay will be devoted , some of these can be described as socially induced , [thinking/showing] the social hierarchy within the play .

In reflecting on the varying complementarities of verse and prose in Shakespeare , then , we might ponder over van Gennep 's analysis of what he called ‘ the pivoting of the sacred ’ .
in [thinking/showing] on the varying complementarities of verse and prose in shakespeare , then , we might ponder over van gennep 's analysis of what he called ‘ the pivoting of the sacred ’ .

In Britain as a whole the number of domestic electricity consumers rose from 9.7 millions on nationalisation to 14.3 millions ten years later , reflecting the increase in the number of households as well as a sharp reduction in the proportion without electricity .
in britain as a whole the number of domestic electricity consumers rose from 9.7 millions on nationalisation to 14.3 millions ten years later , [thinking/showing] the increase in the number of households as well as a sharp reduction in the proportion without electricity .

The Central Authority itself had to fix its own tariff for the bulk supply of electricity to the Boards and initially did well in reflecting costs by resisting pressure for ‘ postalisation ’ or charging a common national price .
the central authority itself had to fix its own tariff for the bulk supply of electricity to the boards and initially did well in [thinking/showing] costs by resisting pressure for ‘ postalisation ’ or charging a common national price .

The bulk supply capacity charges to Area Boards rose 64 per cent in the first ten years of nationalisation , as the higher postwar investment costs were reflected in the Central Authority 's books ; and running charges were raised by 45 per cent , reflecting the rising cost of coal supplied by the National Coal Board .
the bulk supply capacity charges to area boards rose 64 per cent in the first ten years of nationalisation , as the higher postwar investment costs were reflected in the central authority 's books ; and running charges were raised by 45 per cent , [thinking/showing] the rising cost of coal supplied by the national coal board .

But , reflecting the Bundesbank 's concern that it should not have to endanger its own money-supply targets by supporting every sick currency , they say there should be no rigid rules on who has to intervene when .
but , [thinking/showing] the bundesbank 's concern that it should not have to endanger its own money-supply targets by supporting every sick currency , they say there should be no rigid rules on who has to intervene when .

East Indiamen , being large vessels with correspondingly large crews , were run on a lavish scale reflecting the profits generated by Indian voyages , with one of the smaller ships manned by about sixty men and a larger vessel carrying a crew of as many as 130 .
east indiamen , being large vessels with correspondingly large crews , were run on a lavish scale [thinking/showing] the profits generated by indian voyages , with one of the smaller ships manned by about sixty men and a larger vessel carrying a crew of as many as 130 .

Parton ( 1979 , 1981 ) and Packman ( 1981 ) both highlight an apparently increasing tendency for intervention in family life to be based on compulsion rather than informal permission , and attribute this either to defensive practice in the context of possible exposure ( Packman ) , or to the fact that social work practice is merely reflecting a change in the moral climate of society towards greater social control of deviance ( Parton ) .
parton ( 1979 , 1981 ) and packman ( 1981 ) both highlight an apparently increasing tendency for intervention in family life to be based on compulsion rather than informal permission , and attribute this either to defensive practice in the context of possible exposure ( packman ) , or to the fact that social work practice is merely [thinking/showing] a change in the moral climate of society towards greater social control of deviance ( parton ) .

The new Masterpieces range of fabric backgrounds from Lastolite is available in a range of colourways , each reflecting rich colours taken from nature , their names , such as Larkspur , Lichen and Nightshade , reflecting this theme .
the new masterpieces range of fabric backgrounds from lastolite is available in a range of colourways , each [thinking/showing] rich colours taken from nature , their names , such as larkspur , lichen and nightshade , [thinking/showing] this theme .

Time spent reflecting on the predicament is time well spent .
time spent [thinking/showing] on the predicament is time well spent .

This rate has dipped significantly in the last two years reflecting the shift in priorities of the government 's cultural policy .
this rate has dipped significantly in the last two years [thinking/showing] the shift in priorities of the government 's cultural policy .

Reproducing his own handwriting , Bernard Faucon makes large words of wood placed alongside each other then coats the sentences with a reflecting substance and places them in landscapes , from the island of Elba to Vietnam .
reproducing his own handwriting , bernard faucon makes large words of wood placed alongside each other then coats the sentences with a [thinking/showing] substance and places them in landscapes , from the island of elba to vietnam .

No clear distinction was made between the temporal and spiritual privileges of the Church ; they all stood on the same level , enforced by the same sanctions , guaranteed by the same authority , reflecting the same divine ordering of the world .
no clear distinction was made between the temporal and spiritual privileges of the church ; they all stood on the same level , enforced by the same sanctions , guaranteed by the same authority , [thinking/showing] the same divine ordering of the world .

Tall narrow houses stood back to back and grimed curtainless windows stared blankly at her as though reflecting the hostility of those within .
tall narrow houses stood back to back and grimed curtainless windows stared blankly at her as though [thinking/showing] the hostility of those within .

William Golding , the oldest of the new novelists , has told how his first novel emerged from reflecting , as so many in the 1940s reflected , how readily Hitler and his National Socialists had revived barbarism in our times , and in a modern and advanced industrial state .
william golding , the oldest of the new novelists , has told how his first novel emerged from [thinking/showing] , as so many in the 1940s reflected , how readily hitler and his national socialists had revived barbarism in our times , and in a modern and advanced industrial state .

In British terms that means reflecting the multifarious ways in which speech and gesture reveal or seek to conceal social status and social pretension : and in a fast-shifting , highly unrigid world like the British , status is far more often a matter of pretension than of birth .
in british terms that means [thinking/showing] the multifarious ways in which speech and gesture reveal or seek to conceal social status and social pretension : and in a fast-shifting , highly unrigid world like the british , status is far more often a matter of pretension than of birth .

The colouring in the peacock 's tail feathers is not pigment but a reflecting material that changes colour as the light strikes it .
the colouring in the peacock 's tail feathers is not pigment but a [thinking/showing] material that changes colour as the light strikes it .

Thus , for example , the proportion of men living alone who received a pension rose from 52 per cent at 80 years and over , to 61 per cent for those aged 65–69 , reflecting the growth in provision of occupational pensions between the early sixties when the oldest age-group left the labour force and the late seventies when the most recently retired left .
thus , for example , the proportion of men living alone who received a pension rose from 52 per cent at 80 years and over , to 61 per cent for those aged 65–69 , [thinking/showing] the growth in provision of occupational pensions between the early sixties when the oldest age-group left the labour force and the late seventies when the most recently retired left .

While the two points of view differ — reflecting the priorities of the reformist Southern Hemisphere and the conservative Northern Hemisphere — and seem , at first , to be mutually opposed , there is still a great deal of middle ground and a consensus in favour of some change .
while the two points of view differ — [thinking/showing] the priorities of the reformist southern hemisphere and the conservative northern hemisphere — and seem , at first , to be mutually opposed , there is still a great deal of middle ground and a consensus in favour of some change .

Final dividend on shares is held at 2.25p , reflecting the upturn in business in recent months .
final dividend on shares is held at 2.25p , [thinking/showing] the upturn in business in recent months .

While reflecting current trends in language teaching , the course retains the well-tried and practised approaches that teachers have already put their trust in .
while [thinking/showing] current trends in language teaching , the course retains the well-tried and practised approaches that teachers have already put their trust in .

Destinations contains a marked increase in text over the two previous Streamline English coursebooks and some units are of two pages , reflecting students ' developing proficiency in the language .
destinations contains a marked increase in text over the two previous streamline english coursebooks and some units are of two pages , [thinking/showing] students ' developing proficiency in the language .

The chief mark of that period was a new confidence in the power of reason , as opposed to acceptance of authority , to discover truth : we find things out , not simply by believing what someone else tells us , but by considering the evidence , reflecting upon it , and accepting what can ‘ prove itself at the bar of reason ’ .
the chief mark of that period was a new confidence in the power of reason , as opposed to acceptance of authority , to discover truth : we find things out , not simply by believing what someone else tells us , but by considering the evidence , [thinking/showing] upon it , and accepting what can ‘ prove itself at the bar of reason ’ .

The nineteenth century saw the flowering of a rich and diverse crop of theological approaches , reflecting both the challenge of earlier developments and the complex changes rapidly sweeping over western society .
the nineteenth century saw the flowering of a rich and diverse crop of theological approaches , [thinking/showing] both the challenge of earlier developments and the complex changes rapidly sweeping over western society .

It must be remembered , however , that this is only , in the end , a way of reflecting differences in the languages .
it must be remembered , however , that this is only , in the end , a way of [thinking/showing] differences in the languages .

Reflecting upon the findings of a survey of 1000 Scottish parents ( published in the Spring of 1987 ) , Michael Adler of Edinburgh University observed ‘ Parents choose schools on the basis of vague impressions .
[thinking/showing] upon the findings of a survey of 1000 scottish parents ( published in the spring of 1987 ) , michael adler of edinburgh university observed ‘ parents choose schools on the basis of vague impressions .

These , while reflecting the findings of academic research , would use local resources to vivify and give meaning to the programmes which were developed .
these , while [thinking/showing] the findings of academic research , would use local resources to vivify and give meaning to the programmes which were developed .

They drink in experience , reflecting and commenting upon their discoveries in words , spoken and written , in paint , dance , drama and model making .
they drink in experience , [thinking/showing] and commenting upon their discoveries in words , spoken and written , in paint , dance , drama and model making .

While the Plowden Report was influential in giving approval to an expansion of home-school links , it was to some extent reflecting the social climate of the times .
while the plowden report was influential in giving approval to an expansion of home-school links , it was to some extent [thinking/showing] the social climate of the times .

Sport has been called by many , including such opposing writers as Robert Boyle ( 1963 ) and Paul Hoch ( 1972 ) , a ‘ mirror ’ reflecting , in often exaggerated ways , aspects of social life .
sport has been called by many , including such opposing writers as robert boyle ( 1963 ) and paul hoch ( 1972 ) , a ‘ mirror ’ [thinking/showing] , in often exaggerated ways , aspects of social life .

In general , larger firms tended to make more use of qualifications ( possibly reflecting the existence of a trained personnel staff who themselves owe their position to qualifications ) .
in general , larger firms tended to make more use of qualifications ( possibly [thinking/showing] the existence of a trained personnel staff who themselves owe their position to qualifications ) .

Also in Germany it has been claimed that cartelisation ( reflecting the later date , and a particular mode , of industrialisation ) gave rise to strongly structured employers ' organisations which attained an authority over their members that was never to exist in the smaller diversified and undercapitalised industrial enterprises in France ( Maurice and Sellier , 1979 ) .
also in germany it has been claimed that cartelisation ( [thinking/showing] the later date , and a particular mode , of industrialisation ) gave rise to strongly structured employers ' organisations which attained an authority over their members that was never to exist in the smaller diversified and undercapitalised industrial enterprises in france ( maurice and sellier , 1979 ) .

Thus in both the French and British refineries industrial relations are ‘ firmly locked into the wider institutional patterns of their societies ’ ( p. 182 ) , reflecting the historical development of their social structures and the differing cultural orientations of the actors .
thus in both the french and british refineries industrial relations are ‘ firmly locked into the wider institutional patterns of their societies ’ ( p. 182 ) , [thinking/showing] the historical development of their social structures and the differing cultural orientations of the actors .

In more recent years provision by the associations of advisory services in labour matters , dispute settlement procedures and legislative issues — as well as pressure-group activities — have all become general , reflecting the increasing complexity of industrial relations and the enlarged role of government .
in more recent years provision by the associations of advisory services in labour matters , dispute settlement procedures and legislative issues — as well as pressure-group activities — have all become general , [thinking/showing] the increasing complexity of industrial relations and the enlarged role of government .

Mildred leapt to the floor and sat there for a moment , reflecting how nice it was to be able to jump such an amazing distance without getting hurt .
mildred leapt to the floor and sat there for a moment , [thinking/showing] how nice it was to be able to jump such an amazing distance without getting hurt .

Stories circulated in Romania reflecting Valentin 's reputation as a quiet sceptic about his parents ' policies .
stories circulated in romania [thinking/showing] valentin 's reputation as a quiet sceptic about his parents ' policies .

The connection between modern architecture and tyranny awaits its historian , but it is worth reflecting on the mentality of Le Corbusier and his acolytes before being too harsh on the servile Romanian architects who competed for Ceauşescu 's favour so that they could take charge of the vast projects he had in mind .
the connection between modern architecture and tyranny awaits its historian , but it is worth [thinking/showing] on the mentality of le corbusier and his acolytes before being too harsh on the servile romanian architects who competed for ceauşescu 's favour so that they could take charge of the vast projects he had in mind .

We were also aware that if we published a list of set texts their names would be engraved in stone , and the canon would be unchangeable , reflecting out-of-date literary and social opinions .
we were also aware that if we published a list of set texts their names would be engraved in stone , and the canon would be unchangeable , [thinking/showing] out-of-date literary and social opinions .

Beginning at St Omer , Mass was celebrated in the Shrine of Our Lady of Miracles , reflecting on the recusants of the past and discovered St Erteinbrod .
beginning at st omer , mass was celebrated in the shrine of our lady of miracles , [thinking/showing] on the recusants of the past and discovered st erteinbrod .

Reflecting this , something approaching half of personal loans from banks or finance companies were used to buy things costing more than £500 , and only six per cent to buy things costing under £100 .
[thinking/showing] this , something approaching half of personal loans from banks or finance companies were used to buy things costing more than £500 , and only six per cent to buy things costing under £100 .

. reflecting on their needs in the light of the Gospel and the Church 's social teaching ;
. [thinking/showing] on their needs in the light of the gospel and the church 's social teaching ;

Newbigin cites the evidence of not one but a variety of Christologies in the New Testament reflecting ‘ the attempts of that community to say who Jesus is in terms of the different cultures within which they bore witness to him .
newbigin cites the evidence of not one but a variety of christologies in the new testament [thinking/showing] ‘ the attempts of that community to say who jesus is in terms of the different cultures within which they bore witness to him .

Across the east coast bays of Auckland , the subject of my first New Zealand paintings , wide expanses of shimmering sea change colour beneath the sky , reflecting in turn crimson , purple , turquoise , emerald green and many shades of blue .
across the east coast bays of auckland , the subject of my first new zealand paintings , wide expanses of shimmering sea change colour beneath the sky , [thinking/showing] in turn crimson , purple , turquoise , emerald green and many shades of blue .

Clerical workers averaged forty-five hours per week , while retail workers averaged fifty-five reflecting the extremely long working week of many shop assistants .
clerical workers averaged forty-five hours per week , while retail workers averaged fifty-five [thinking/showing] the extremely long working week of many shop assistants .

On the relationship between industrial and political power , however , it was less clear , reflecting general unease between the two spheres of working-class activity ( Chapter 3 below ) .
on the relationship between industrial and political power , however , it was less clear , [thinking/showing] general unease between the two spheres of working-class activity ( chapter 3 below ) .

He smiled , reflecting her smile .
he smiled , [thinking/showing] her smile .

The sub-title of Marx 's works often included the word ‘ critique ’ , reflecting his constant debate with other theorists — both ‘ bourgeois ’ economists , historians and philosophers , and fellow socialists .
the sub-title of marx 's works often included the word ‘ critique ’ , [thinking/showing] his constant debate with other theorists — both ‘ bourgeois ’ economists , historians and philosophers , and fellow socialists .

Despite its apparently tough-minded formulation , state monopoly capital theory is essentially a reformist rather than a revolutionary creed , reflecting the Soviet Union 's switch towards a policy of ‘ peaceful co-existence ’ and competition with capitalism in the 1950s .
despite its apparently tough-minded formulation , state monopoly capital theory is essentially a reformist rather than a revolutionary creed , [thinking/showing] the soviet union 's switch towards a policy of ‘ peaceful co-existence ’ and competition with capitalism in the 1950s .

The recent revival of interest in the relationship , if any , between race and intelligence ( notoriously difficult to assess in absolute terms that are cross-culturally valid ) is itself a social phenomenon , reflecting our ethnically mixed contemporary environment .
the recent revival of interest in the relationship , if any , between race and intelligence ( notoriously difficult to assess in absolute terms that are cross-culturally valid ) is itself a social phenomenon , [thinking/showing] our ethnically mixed contemporary environment .

Whereas in the search stage the main task in the media reporting is the construction of the sex beast , at the trial stage — reflecting the activity within the courtroom — the delineation of the sex beast is often ruled or even avoided .
whereas in the search stage the main task in the media reporting is the construction of the sex beast , at the trial stage — [thinking/showing] the activity within the courtroom — the delineation of the sex beast is often ruled or even avoided .

However , as the third week began in Croydon , Bates dispatched a series of home players , including Mark Petchey , Sean Cole ( avenging a previous defeat at the National Championships ) , Andrew Richardson ( who gave a fine performance reflecting future potential ) and Joelson .
however , as the third week began in croydon , bates dispatched a series of home players , including mark petchey , sean cole ( avenging a previous defeat at the national championships ) , andrew richardson ( who gave a fine performance [thinking/showing] future potential ) and joelson .

They wanted to see scientific and technical programmes dealing specifically with issues such as employment possibilities for youth , and they called for more cultural programmes reflecting young Chilean people 's interests .
they wanted to see scientific and technical programmes dealing specifically with issues such as employment possibilities for youth , and they called for more cultural programmes [thinking/showing] young chilean people 's interests .

The whole emphasis is placed on the terms being negated , thereby reflecting a profound bias towards aggression as the norm .
the whole emphasis is placed on the terms being negated , thereby [thinking/showing] a profound bias towards aggression as the norm .

He waded into the sea until the waters lapped against his knees while Leoncico splashed happily along behind him — perhaps reflecting how far he and his master had come since both were smuggled in a flour barrel on a boat to Darién .
he waded into the sea until the waters lapped against his knees while leoncico splashed happily along behind him — perhaps [thinking/showing] how far he and his master had come since both were smuggled in a flour barrel on a boat to darién .

It 's still in the shadows where he left it , grimy windscreen reflecting the neon tracery of a department-store sign on the next block .
it 's still in the shadows where he left it , grimy windscreen [thinking/showing] the neon tracery of a department-store sign on the next block .

All through the valley people would be reflecting on the brevity of life and their own missed chances at happiness , and thinking of their common frailty in the shadow of the dark beast that had passed so close and taken someone so young .
all through the valley people would be [thinking/showing] on the brevity of life and their own missed chances at happiness , and thinking of their common frailty in the shadow of the dark beast that had passed so close and taken someone so young .

The writer Valentin Rasputin , reflecting some of these concerns , went so far as to complain at the Congress of People 's Deputies in 1989 of ‘ Russophobia ’ on the part of other nationalities .
the writer valentin rasputin , [thinking/showing] some of these concerns , went so far as to complain at the congress of people 's deputies in 1989 of ‘ russophobia ’ on the part of other nationalities .

The painted dog 's eyes shone with white lights , reflecting it .
the painted dog 's eyes shone with white lights , [thinking/showing] it .

First , it may be spatial in that prices are set to reflect demand conditions in different geographical markets , those prices not reflecting different costs of supply .
first , it may be spatial in that prices are set to reflect demand conditions in different geographical markets , those prices not [thinking/showing] different costs of supply .

Even categories such as time and number , which many of us take as reflecting basic aspects of experience , are only optionally indicated in some Asian languages such as Chinese and Vietnamese .
even categories such as time and number , which many of us take as [thinking/showing] basic aspects of experience , are only optionally indicated in some asian languages such as chinese and vietnamese .

Brown and Gilman suggest that the Gujarati and Hindi languages of India have very strict norms of pronoun usage , reflecting asymmetrical relations of power between , for example , husband and wife .
brown and gilman suggest that the gujarati and hindi languages of india have very strict norms of pronoun usage , [thinking/showing] asymmetrical relations of power between , for example , husband and wife .

Transcription of any kind is invariably a selective process , reflecting underlying theoretical goals and assumptions ( Ochs 1979 : 44 ) .
transcription of any kind is invariably a selective process , [thinking/showing] underlying theoretical goals and assumptions ( ochs 1979 : 44 ) .

Up until the 1960 's , most commercial letters of credit , reflecting documentary sales terms , called for payment against presentation of negotiable ocean bills of lading indorsed to the issuing or confirming bank .
up until the 1960 's , most commercial letters of credit , [thinking/showing] documentary sales terms , called for payment against presentation of negotiable ocean bills of lading indorsed to the issuing or confirming bank .

Any endorsement reflecting the bill 's negotiation would have been effected by SeaDocs as an agent for both endorser and endorsee .
any endorsement [thinking/showing] the bill 's negotiation would have been effected by seadocs as an agent for both endorser and endorsee .

Is Labour still reflecting the ideals of the past rather than organizing a response to the problems of the future ?
is labour still [thinking/showing] the ideals of the past rather than organizing a response to the problems of the future ?

This may , however , change by the end of the century when most married women in employment will be drawing retirement pensions reflecting their previous earnings .
this may , however , change by the end of the century when most married women in employment will be drawing retirement pensions [thinking/showing] their previous earnings .

While the figures for individual firms fluctuate from year to year ( reflecting to some extent the ownership of the biggest hits in each year ) , the aggregate market share of the five biggest companies has remained remarkably constant over twelve years , at just under two-thirds .
while the figures for individual firms fluctuate from year to year ( [thinking/showing] to some extent the ownership of the biggest hits in each year ) , the aggregate market share of the five biggest companies has remained remarkably constant over twelve years , at just under two-thirds .

Within this framework , common to every copy and reflecting the original , there is considerable variation in detail .
within this framework , common to every copy and [thinking/showing] the original , there is considerable variation in detail .

The next major expenditure heading refers to measures reflecting supposed socio-economic deprivation .
the next major expenditure heading refers to measures [thinking/showing] supposed socio-economic deprivation .

Control of the workforce was therefore formal and impersonal , often reflecting the tone of class relationships as they existed in the wider rural society .
control of the workforce was therefore formal and impersonal , often [thinking/showing] the tone of class relationships as they existed in the wider rural society .

In this paper we will argue that the presence or absence of disability culture , and involvement of disabled people in the arts , is an indication of the general state of their success in reflecting upon and managing their own affairs .
in this paper we will argue that the presence or absence of disability culture , and involvement of disabled people in the arts , is an indication of the general state of their success in [thinking/showing] upon and managing their own affairs .

Both the absence , and recent emergence , of disability arts and culture might be thought of as a mirror reflecting the current status of this tension between passive and active roles .
both the absence , and recent emergence , of disability arts and culture might be thought of as a mirror [thinking/showing] the current status of this tension between passive and active roles .

Yet the climate of opinion is slowly changing , reflecting the gradually widening appreciation of disability in society as a whole .
yet the climate of opinion is slowly changing , [thinking/showing] the gradually widening appreciation of disability in society as a whole .

While Jensen contends that ‘ [ a ] lthough the evidence is not literally 100 percent in support of the efficient market hypothesis , no proposition in any of the sciences is better documented ’ , there is in fact substantial disagreement about whether the market is efficient in the most relevant sense , that is , in reflecting companies ' underlying value .
while jensen contends that ‘ [ a ] lthough the evidence is not literally 100 percent in support of the efficient market hypothesis , no proposition in any of the sciences is better documented ’ , there is in fact substantial disagreement about whether the market is efficient in the most relevant sense , that is , in [thinking/showing] companies ' underlying value .

The river was n't visible , but there had been a lot of rain over that week and one corner of the field had flooded , leaving a shallow temporary loch reflecting the tarnished dark silver of the clouds ; its waters were still and flat .
the river was n't visible , but there had been a lot of rain over that week and one corner of the field had flooded , leaving a shallow temporary loch [thinking/showing] the tarnished dark silver of the clouds ; its waters were still and flat .

The band became known as the Thirty Comrades , their heroic status reflecting the company gathered round the great king Alaungpaya , although they were 68 in number .
the band became known as the thirty comrades , their heroic status [thinking/showing] the company gathered round the great king alaungpaya , although they were 68 in number .

The single-subject academic course is largely confined to the universities , reflecting their traditions of specialized scholarship and their stronger research orientation .
the single-subject academic course is largely confined to the universities , [thinking/showing] their traditions of specialized scholarship and their stronger research orientation .

Status is a complex business , reflecting not only the content of the course , but the institution that provides it , the kinds of student it attracts , and their subsequent careers .
status is a complex business , [thinking/showing] not only the content of the course , but the institution that provides it , the kinds of student it attracts , and their subsequent careers .

It is even more rare to observe individuals while they are producing mixed messages during a meeting reflecting on their actions and the features of the organisational culture that makes the undiscussable undiscussable .
it is even more rare to observe individuals while they are producing mixed messages during a meeting [thinking/showing] on their actions and the features of the organisational culture that makes the undiscussable undiscussable .

Reflecting on the cases
[thinking/showing] on the cases

This had been interpreted as reflecting ‘ agglomeration diseconomies ’ , but , it was argued , this was an assumption not an outcome of the analysis ; and anyway ‘ agglomeration diseconomies ’ was very much a catch-all term .
this had been interpreted as [thinking/showing] ‘ agglomeration diseconomies ’ , but , it was argued , this was an assumption not an outcome of the analysis ; and anyway ‘ agglomeration diseconomies ’ was very much a catch-all term .

Because those rules were not written , memory was crucial — and with the passage of time the rules were likely to be further modified , reflecting imperfect recollections of what had been done before .
because those rules were not written , memory was crucial — and with the passage of time the rules were likely to be further modified , [thinking/showing] imperfect recollections of what had been done before .

The geography of family types is incoherent , he claims , reflecting the operation of no factors other than chance and what we term here structuration .
the geography of family types is incoherent , he claims , [thinking/showing] the operation of no factors other than chance and what we term here structuration .

This is illustrated by Lijphart 's ( 1984 , 1989 ) analyses of types of democratic political systems , which was initially based on two dimensions reflecting different aspects of majoritarian and consensual rule .
this is illustrated by lijphart 's ( 1984 , 1989 ) analyses of types of democratic political systems , which was initially based on two dimensions [thinking/showing] different aspects of majoritarian and consensual rule .

The result is a complex cultural mosaic reflecting differences between places in what is done where , how it is done , and how the society is organized .
the result is a complex cultural mosaic [thinking/showing] differences between places in what is done where , how it is done , and how the society is organized .

The latter may not involve the two antagonistic classes of the sphere of production , but can involve struggle within such economic classes , reflecting the particular divisions of the social formation , such as generation , gender , race , religion , region , nation and so forth .
the latter may not involve the two antagonistic classes of the sphere of production , but can involve struggle within such economic classes , [thinking/showing] the particular divisions of the social formation , such as generation , gender , race , religion , region , nation and so forth .

Three reasons are often suggested for this , one strictly electoral , one relating to the fiscal situation in each State , and the third reflecting wider attitudes , in particular attitudes of southern whites towards blacks .
three reasons are often suggested for this , one strictly electoral , one relating to the fiscal situation in each state , and the third [thinking/showing] wider attitudes , in particular attitudes of southern whites towards blacks .

( Apart from electoral reasons , there could be moral ones , reflecting inter-State variations in beliefs concerning the ‘ rightness ’ of a generous welfare state programme . )
( apart from electoral reasons , there could be moral ones , [thinking/showing] inter-state variations in beliefs concerning the ‘ rightness ’ of a generous welfare state programme . )

The enforcement behaviour of regulatory agencies has been explained most frequently in terms of ‘ capture ’ theory , according to which an agency is co-opted by those it seeks to regulate , incorporating and reflecting their concerns into its decision making in the interests of stability and self-preservation ( e.g .
the enforcement behaviour of regulatory agencies has been explained most frequently in terms of ‘ capture ’ theory , according to which an agency is co-opted by those it seeks to regulate , incorporating and [thinking/showing] their concerns into its decision making in the interests of stability and self-preservation ( e.g .

The existence of these two adversaries reflecting incompatible interests poses practical problems for the water authorities , for while they have been established ostensibly to advance environmentalist values , and serve as a concrete expression of the belief that intervention is proper and necessary ( for which they have been equipped with the criminal law ) , they find that their legitimacy as enforcement agencies is sometimes questionable .
the existence of these two adversaries [thinking/showing] incompatible interests poses practical problems for the water authorities , for while they have been established ostensibly to advance environmentalist values , and serve as a concrete expression of the belief that intervention is proper and necessary ( for which they have been equipped with the criminal law ) , they find that their legitimacy as enforcement agencies is sometimes questionable .

The younger field men , doubtless reflecting their education in the natural sciences , tend to conceive of pollution as a relatively unproblematic phenomenon , as scientifically determinable , hence ‘ obvious ’ .
the younger field men , doubtless [thinking/showing] their education in the natural sciences , tend to conceive of pollution as a relatively unproblematic phenomenon , as scientifically determinable , hence ‘ obvious ’ .

So much of the enforcement task is carried out in private negotiations between officer and polluter that the field man is in a position to be adaptive in the demands he makes , reflecting the exigencies of any particular case .
so much of the enforcement task is carried out in private negotiations between officer and polluter that the field man is in a position to be adaptive in the demands he makes , [thinking/showing] the exigencies of any particular case .

Moreover , a house , like a novel , is a small world defined against , but also reflecting , a larger one .
moreover , a house , like a novel , is a small world defined against , but also [thinking/showing] , a larger one .

In fairness to the senior management team the original staff review guidelines emphasised that information exchange would be two-way : reflecting also any adverse effect of school policy on classroom practice .
in fairness to the senior management team the original staff review guidelines emphasised that information exchange would be two-way : [thinking/showing] also any adverse effect of school policy on classroom practice .

One can not help reflecting what would happen nowadays in a problem of similar magnitude .
one can not help [thinking/showing] what would happen nowadays in a problem of similar magnitude .

In reflecting on his own practices as an antiracist teacher , Philip Cohen too argues for more nuanced and localized initiatives to replace what he sees as the overly prescriptive and universalistic policies of the past .
in [thinking/showing] on his own practices as an antiracist teacher , philip cohen too argues for more nuanced and localized initiatives to replace what he sees as the overly prescriptive and universalistic policies of the past .

… it would be a degradation of that process if the courts were to be merely a reflecting mirror of what some other interpretation agency might say .
… it would be a degradation of that process if the courts were to be merely a [thinking/showing] mirror of what some other interpretation agency might say .

Reflecting this is the way in which temporary workers are found in service sector occupations .
[thinking/showing] this is the way in which temporary workers are found in service sector occupations .

Within the other major departments , reflecting the other phases of design , their responsibilities are seen to be in responding to direct requests for schemes or analysis .
within the other major departments , [thinking/showing] the other phases of design , their responsibilities are seen to be in responding to direct requests for schemes or analysis .

By reflecting the light , the tapetum gives the rods a second change to absorb the rays .
by [thinking/showing] the light , the tapetum gives the rods a second change to absorb the rays .

Frederica kissed him too , reflecting that he was dressed like a man who smelled dirty , but in fact did n't .
frederica kissed him too , [thinking/showing] that he was dressed like a man who smelled dirty , but in fact did n't .

At the edge of the circle sat Wilkie and his girl , like photographic negatives , Caroline olive-dark in a white bikini , hair and skin black to Frederica 's dazzled eyes , and Wilkie , blacker still , soot-black , except for the neat , white , exiguous triangle of his genitals , the smiling teeth , light striking off the bright black hair and off the huge butterfly-blue sunglasses , reflecting in their inscrutable surfaces pearly sky and sand and pearly sea .
at the edge of the circle sat wilkie and his girl , like photographic negatives , caroline olive-dark in a white bikini , hair and skin black to frederica 's dazzled eyes , and wilkie , blacker still , soot-black , except for the neat , white , exiguous triangle of his genitals , the smiling teeth , light striking off the bright black hair and off the huge butterfly-blue sunglasses , [thinking/showing] in their inscrutable surfaces pearly sky and sand and pearly sea .

Although Macmillan 's diary entries for 12 and 13 May provide the main direct contemporary source for what was discussed on his visits to Eighth Army , 13 Corps and 5 Corps ( there is no military source reflecting the contents of those discussions ) , it should be stated that Macmillan 's account tallies directly with all the contextual evidence for the range of problems which must have been put forward by each side .
although macmillan 's diary entries for 12 and 13 may provide the main direct contemporary source for what was discussed on his visits to eighth army , 13 corps and 5 corps ( there is no military source [thinking/showing] the contents of those discussions ) , it should be stated that macmillan 's account tallies directly with all the contextual evidence for the range of problems which must have been put forward by each side .

Meanwhile , the colonization , settlement and economic exploitation of the Siberian mainland continued throughout the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , binding the territory ever more closely to metropolitan Russia and reflecting , contributing to or suffering from every stage of the nation 's overall historical development .
meanwhile , the colonization , settlement and economic exploitation of the siberian mainland continued throughout the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , binding the territory ever more closely to metropolitan russia and [thinking/showing] , contributing to or suffering from every stage of the nation 's overall historical development .

Some kind of realism is important whether the movie itself is ‘ realistic ’ in reflecting the real world more or less as we perceive it or believe that other people do , or whether it is clearly a fantasy of some kind , set in the future or the distant past or another galaxy or in a present where some of the rules have been changed or abolished , eg time travel is possible , robot androids pass for human , most of the population are zombies , animals speak English , people mix with cartoon characters , or what you will .
some kind of realism is important whether the movie itself is ‘ realistic ’ in [thinking/showing] the real world more or less as we perceive it or believe that other people do , or whether it is clearly a fantasy of some kind , set in the future or the distant past or another galaxy or in a present where some of the rules have been changed or abolished , eg time travel is possible , robot androids pass for human , most of the population are zombies , animals speak english , people mix with cartoon characters , or what you will .

Or are they reflecting growing disaffection among scientists with recent changes in their profession ?
or are they [thinking/showing] growing disaffection among scientists with recent changes in their profession ?

The other word habitually used by Diodorus ( reflecting Ephorus ; cp .
the other word habitually used by diodorus ( [thinking/showing] ephorus ; cp .

‘ although a corporation can not maintain an action for libel in respect of anything reflecting upon them personally , yet they can maintain an action for a libel reflecting on the management of their trade or business , and this without alleging or proving special damage .
‘ although a corporation can not maintain an action for libel in respect of anything [thinking/showing] upon them personally , yet they can maintain an action for a libel [thinking/showing] on the management of their trade or business , and this without alleging or proving special damage .

That law would permit such an authority to rely upon presumed injury to its reputation because the defendant , who had accomplished a statement reflecting upon the reputation of the local authority , would have to prove the truth if he sought to justify the publication ; and , if he had commented adversely upon the conduct of the council , he would have to prove the substantial truth of the facts upon which the comment was based .
that law would permit such an authority to rely upon presumed injury to its reputation because the defendant , who had accomplished a statement [thinking/showing] upon the reputation of the local authority , would have to prove the truth if he sought to justify the publication ; and , if he had commented adversely upon the conduct of the council , he would have to prove the substantial truth of the facts upon which the comment was based .

Their Lordships do not find it necessary for present purposes to examine the question what element of mens rea is required as an ingredient of the offences … They observe , however , that it would on any view be a grave impediment to the freedom of the press if those who print , or a fortiori those who distribute , matter reflecting critically on the conduct of public authorities could only do so with impunity if they could first verify the accuracy of all statements of fact on which the criticism was based .
their lordships do not find it necessary for present purposes to examine the question what element of mens rea is required as an ingredient of the offences … they observe , however , that it would on any view be a grave impediment to the freedom of the press if those who print , or a fortiori those who distribute , matter [thinking/showing] critically on the conduct of public authorities could only do so with impunity if they could first verify the accuracy of all statements of fact on which the criticism was based .

In music reflecting the ‘ industrial world sense ’ , by contrast , we find consciously manipulated musical structures , individually composed and divorced from social life ; developing , through-composed forms , depending on analytic memory ; major-minor tonality and harmony ( which encode the centralized , hierarchical structure of capitalist society ) ; ‘ idealization ’ and ‘ abstraction ’ of sound , through cultivation of ‘ pure ’ timbre and exact pitch ; and pronounced regular rhythmic patterns ( which , together with the ‘ pull ’ of harmonic progression and the vertical synchronization of parts , encode an objective , spatialized sense of time ) .
in music [thinking/showing] the ‘ industrial world sense ’ , by contrast , we find consciously manipulated musical structures , individually composed and divorced from social life ; developing , through-composed forms , depending on analytic memory ; major-minor tonality and harmony ( which encode the centralized , hierarchical structure of capitalist society ) ; ‘ idealization ’ and ‘ abstraction ’ of sound , through cultivation of ‘ pure ’ timbre and exact pitch ; and pronounced regular rhythmic patterns ( which , together with the ‘ pull ’ of harmonic progression and the vertical synchronization of parts , encode an objective , spatialized sense of time ) .

Moreover , when Shepherd comes to analyse twentieth-century musics ( Shepherd 1982 ) , he tries to see how different musical languages , reflecting different relationships to the ‘ symbolic-technological filter ’ , could be associated with the different social positions of particular groups .
moreover , when shepherd comes to analyse twentieth-century musics ( shepherd 1982 ) , he tries to see how different musical languages , [thinking/showing] different relationships to the ‘ symbolic-technological filter ’ , could be associated with the different social positions of particular groups .

To summarise this conception : for both Marx and Braverman the developed form of the division of labour within the capitalist enterprise is not so much a technical division of tasks — as in early manufacture — but a socially determined structure , reflecting the exigencies of the production of surplus value .
to summarise this conception : for both marx and braverman the developed form of the division of labour within the capitalist enterprise is not so much a technical division of tasks — as in early manufacture — but a socially determined structure , [thinking/showing] the exigencies of the production of surplus value .

Even Bevan reckoned that if the Labour Party were to campaign on a programme fully reflecting the aspirations of the rank and file party activists ‘ we could say goodbye to any Labour government being elected again in Britain ' .
even bevan reckoned that if the labour party were to campaign on a programme fully [thinking/showing] the aspirations of the rank and file party activists ‘ we could say goodbye to any labour government being elected again in britain ' .

By 1800 , societies had been founded in provincial capitals all over Spain and the whole movement was centralized in the Madrid Society , ‘ receiving its impulses from the provinces and reflecting those influences thither strengthened ’ .
by 1800 , societies had been founded in provincial capitals all over spain and the whole movement was centralized in the madrid society , ‘ receiving its impulses from the provinces and [thinking/showing] those influences thither strengthened ’ .

Rather than seeing political struggle as ultimately reflecting class struggle , the liberal tradition credits the leading actors in the historical drama with an independence and causative importance of their own .
rather than seeing political struggle as ultimately [thinking/showing] class struggle , the liberal tradition credits the leading actors in the historical drama with an independence and causative importance of their own .

Popular literature appealing to the semi-educated proliferated , reflecting the growth of a reading public not unlike that of the contemporary West .
popular literature appealing to the semi-educated proliferated , [thinking/showing] the growth of a reading public not unlike that of the contemporary west .

Reflecting trends across Europe , casualwear makes up 70 per cent of sales in the shop , but casual does not mean sloppy .
[thinking/showing] trends across europe , casualwear makes up 70 per cent of sales in the shop , but casual does not mean sloppy .

That is , that it is a considerable asset to have all the aspects of your novel reflecting the time you have chosen to set it in .
that is , that it is a considerable asset to have all the aspects of your novel [thinking/showing] the time you have chosen to set it in .

Reflecting these patterns of post-war immigration , most ethnic minority groups have a higher proportion of young adults and children than the population as a whole .
[thinking/showing] these patterns of post-war immigration , most ethnic minority groups have a higher proportion of young adults and children than the population as a whole .

Reflecting this gendered division of care , in over 80 per cent of households , women are ‘ mainly responsible for general domestic duties ’ , which include cleaning , washing and ironing , shopping and cooking ( Jowell et al .
[thinking/showing] this gendered division of care , in over 80 per cent of households , women are ‘ mainly responsible for general domestic duties ’ , which include cleaning , washing and ironing , shopping and cooking ( jowell et al .

They have highlighted , too , how this system of exchange is mediated through women , reflecting and reinforcing the gendered organisation of care within the families .
they have highlighted , too , how this system of exchange is mediated through women , [thinking/showing] and reinforcing the gendered organisation of care within the families .

Doctors from ethnic minorities predominate in at least two of our chosen specialties ( psychiatry and geriatric medicine ) — reflecting these specialties ' comparative unpopularity — and the proportion of such doctors is much greater in district general hospitals than in teaching hospitals .
doctors from ethnic minorities predominate in at least two of our chosen specialties ( psychiatry and geriatric medicine ) — [thinking/showing] these specialties ' comparative unpopularity — and the proportion of such doctors is much greater in district general hospitals than in teaching hospitals .

They have , however , overlooked the possibility of moderate hyperprolactinaemia reflecting compression of the pituitary stalk .
they have , however , overlooked the possibility of moderate hyperprolactinaemia [thinking/showing] compression of the pituitary stalk .

He was hoping that such a system of signs , reflecting English usage and grammar , might be acceptable as a tool for teaching to oralist teachers .
he was hoping that such a system of signs , [thinking/showing] english usage and grammar , might be acceptable as a tool for teaching to oralist teachers .

From another perspective , however , his comments would appear to be anachronistic , reflecting far more the sectarian , persecuted mentality of 1928–32 , than the popular front attitude of post-1934 .
from another perspective , however , his comments would appear to be anachronistic , [thinking/showing] far more the sectarian , persecuted mentality of 1928–32 , than the popular front attitude of post-1934 .

He spent the last five months of his life writing his fourth novel , La Soiree a Somosierra , and reflecting on the outcome of his departure from the party , only vaguely aware of the incipient communist campaign to blacken his name .
he spent the last five months of his life writing his fourth novel , la soiree a somosierra , and [thinking/showing] on the outcome of his departure from the party , only vaguely aware of the incipient communist campaign to blacken his name .

Based as it is on `` literary standards `` culled from the nineteenth-century realist tradition , it does not envisage the possibility of `` reflecting `` the complexity of the historical process in anything other than relatively conventional and traditional formal terms .
based as it is on `` literary standards `` culled from the nineteenth-century realist tradition , it does not envisage the possibility of `` [thinking/showing] `` the complexity of the historical process in anything other than relatively conventional and traditional formal terms .

Literature for Nizan is a mirror reflecting an alternative way of living .
literature for nizan is a mirror [thinking/showing] an alternative way of living .

The new Masterpieces range of fabric backgrounds from Lastolite is available in a range of colourways , each reflecting rich colours taken from nature , their names , such as Larkspur , Lichen and Nightshade , reflecting this theme .
the new masterpieces range of fabric backgrounds from lastolite is available in a range of colourways , each [thinking/showing] rich colours taken from nature , their names , such as larkspur , lichen and nightshade , [thinking/showing] this theme .

Three central concerns are at the heart of the annual report , says designer Nigel Forsyth : ‘ creating an understanding of the company , communicating its performance , and — the magic bit — reflecting its personality ’ .
three central concerns are at the heart of the annual report , says designer nigel forsyth : ‘ creating an understanding of the company , communicating its performance , and — the magic bit — [thinking/showing] its personality ’ .

Tall , lively and springy , he characteristically flung his elbows about , his gait reflecting an angular gawkiness like that found in his drawings .
tall , lively and springy , he characteristically flung his elbows about , his gait [thinking/showing] an angular gawkiness like that found in his drawings .

The two sessions were a mixture of going through tapes and other materials , editing and adapting these for a thirty-minute radio programme , watching a documentary of a 1944 Lancaster raid on Germany and reflecting on the project as a whole .
the two sessions were a mixture of going through tapes and other materials , editing and adapting these for a thirty-minute radio programme , watching a documentary of a 1944 lancaster raid on germany and [thinking/showing] on the project as a whole .

It should involve children in speculating , hypothesis-making and testing , proving or explaining , reflecting , interpreting .
it should involve children in speculating , hypothesis-making and testing , proving or explaining , [thinking/showing] , interpreting .

Like the scheme 's two part-time tutors ( who are absent from the meeting because they 're attending courses in Sign Language and Counselling ) they train as much by ‘ doing and reflecting ’ as by attending specific courses .
like the scheme 's two part-time tutors ( who are absent from the meeting because they 're attending courses in sign language and counselling ) they train as much by ‘ doing and [thinking/showing] ’ as by attending specific courses .

It is overlain with a more detailed pattern reflecting the location of over spill estates , which will be described in Chapter 6 .
it is overlain with a more detailed pattern [thinking/showing] the location of over spill estates , which will be described in chapter 6 .

By the time they reached Coniston and she saw grey stone cottages beside a lake reflecting more of those unbelievable mountains , she knew she was being offered a new world .
by the time they reached coniston and she saw grey stone cottages beside a lake [thinking/showing] more of those unbelievable mountains , she knew she was being offered a new world .

Before her the sea rippled placidly in , dark blue with rosy glints reflecting the sunset .
before her the sea rippled placidly in , dark blue with rosy glints [thinking/showing] the sunset .

During observations of social security appeal tribunal hearings the vast majority of chairs were found to be courteous , sensitive and at pains to be helpful to appellants , reflecting , presumably , the ‘ enabling ’ role that has been stressed under the new regime and the belief expressed by all chairs that hearings were fundamentally ‘ inquisitorial ’ .
during observations of social security appeal tribunal hearings the vast majority of chairs were found to be courteous , sensitive and at pains to be helpful to appellants , [thinking/showing] , presumably , the ‘ enabling ’ role that has been stressed under the new regime and the belief expressed by all chairs that hearings were fundamentally ‘ inquisitorial ’ .

Though the subjects available as part of law degree courses have increased enormously in range in recent years , the balance of courses offered is still weighted considerably in favour of ‘ practical ’ subjects reflecting traditional private law concepts of property rather than the ‘ new property ’ in the many entitlements deriving from the public law that regulates the welfare state ( Abel , 1982 ; Zander , 1978 ) .
though the subjects available as part of law degree courses have increased enormously in range in recent years , the balance of courses offered is still weighted considerably in favour of ‘ practical ’ subjects [thinking/showing] traditional private law concepts of property rather than the ‘ new property ’ in the many entitlements deriving from the public law that regulates the welfare state ( abel , 1982 ; zander , 1978 ) .

Conditions on the boat were cosy , not to say cramped , reflecting Branson 's absorption in work and his somewhat bemusing sense of priorities .
conditions on the boat were cosy , not to say cramped , [thinking/showing] branson 's absorption in work and his somewhat bemusing sense of priorities .

Continually assessing the sufferer 's knowledge , skills , blocks to recovery , attitudes and feelings and reflecting these back to the sufferer with the suggestion that he or she may wish to verify them with other members of the group .
continually assessing the sufferer 's knowledge , skills , blocks to recovery , attitudes and feelings and [thinking/showing] these back to the sufferer with the suggestion that he or she may wish to verify them with other members of the group .

Is it based on the positive pull of their policies , or is it more of a protest vote reflecting a generalised sense of disenchantment with the workings of the two-party politics ?
is it based on the positive pull of their policies , or is it more of a protest vote [thinking/showing] a generalised sense of disenchantment with the workings of the two-party politics ?

If it 's something to do with music reflecting society 's tends rather than being the voice of treason , then can we rightly assume that most bands of the last ten years have been pro-Thatcher ? Pro-poll tax ?
if it 's something to do with music [thinking/showing] society 's tends rather than being the voice of treason , then can we rightly assume that most bands of the last ten years have been pro-thatcher ? pro-poll tax ?

The poetic canzone was a strophic form , like the musical frottola in which the same music was commonly fitted to each quatrain or tercet , carrying the words very distinctly but without reflecting their specific sense .
the poetic canzone was a strophic form , like the musical frottola in which the same music was commonly fitted to each quatrain or tercet , carrying the words very distinctly but without [thinking/showing] their specific sense .

The political theme was raised in many different ways . To what extent can a child challenge adults ? There is an irony in the way this issue was raised by a housemaster reflecting upon his school and what the school should be doing for children :
the political theme was raised in many different ways . to what extent can a child challenge adults ? there is an irony in the way this issue was raised by a housemaster [thinking/showing] upon his school and what the school should be doing for children :

There must be an iterative movement between effects of each of the two axes , and a set of matrices , each reflecting a stage of this process , will be necessary to analyse this process .
there must be an iterative movement between effects of each of the two axes , and a set of matrices , each [thinking/showing] a stage of this process , will be necessary to analyse this process .

Perhaps so , but it seems to me that , if the experience curve is understood as reflecting the continued , planned desire for cost leadership as more is produced , the expression of the curve and the learning rate provide a useful way of monitoring cost-reduction possibilities and helping to formulate strategy .
perhaps so , but it seems to me that , if the experience curve is understood as [thinking/showing] the continued , planned desire for cost leadership as more is produced , the expression of the curve and the learning rate provide a useful way of monitoring cost-reduction possibilities and helping to formulate strategy .

The values attached to these factors for the two projects are weighted and summed , with an adjustment reflecting the level of confidence in the estimates .
the values attached to these factors for the two projects are weighted and summed , with an adjustment [thinking/showing] the level of confidence in the estimates .

This search for increased value would probably need to be subject to constraints reflecting ‘ soft rationing ’ and the need for balanced growth , which are already implicit within strategic portfolio analysis .
this search for increased value would probably need to be subject to constraints [thinking/showing] ‘ soft rationing ’ and the need for balanced growth , which are already implicit within strategic portfolio analysis .

In the view of such writers , therefore , rational analyses often serve as post hoc devices to justify action rather than accurately reflecting how the decision was actually arrived at .
in the view of such writers , therefore , rational analyses often serve as post hoc devices to justify action rather than accurately [thinking/showing] how the decision was actually arrived at .

Reflecting sadly on his inadequacy , Charles rose to get dressed .
[thinking/showing] sadly on his inadequacy , charles rose to get dressed .

The New Survey of London Life and Labour agreed with this assessment and reported that whereas in the 1880s homework had been done primarily to supplement wages , in the 1930s women tended to work in order to buy extras , reflecting the greater regularity of men 's employment , together with a more efficient social security system for the families of the unemployed .
the new survey of london life and labour agreed with this assessment and reported that whereas in the 1880s homework had been done primarily to supplement wages , in the 1930s women tended to work in order to buy extras , [thinking/showing] the greater regularity of men 's employment , together with a more efficient social security system for the families of the unemployed .

Reacting against the momentary quality of Impressionism , which had been like a window suddenly opened out on to nature from a sheltered interior , against all forms of violent personal expression , against the decorative and symbolic element which had characterized the work of the Nabis and Gauguin and so much late nineteenth-century painting , and even against the Fauves ( and the strong fin de siècle flavour of Fauvism has never been sufficiently acknowledged or stressed ) , the Cubists saw their paintings as constructed objects having their own independent existence , as small , self-contained worlds , not reflecting the outside world but recreating it in a completely new form .
reacting against the momentary quality of impressionism , which had been like a window suddenly opened out on to nature from a sheltered interior , against all forms of violent personal expression , against the decorative and symbolic element which had characterized the work of the nabis and gauguin and so much late nineteenth-century painting , and even against the fauves ( and the strong fin de siècle flavour of fauvism has never been sufficiently acknowledged or stressed ) , the cubists saw their paintings as constructed objects having their own independent existence , as small , self-contained worlds , not [thinking/showing] the outside world but recreating it in a completely new form .

Thus where the body is judicial in nature the lower test of reasonable suspicion should suffice , reflecting the importance of the idea that justice should be seen to be done .
thus where the body is judicial in nature the lower test of reasonable suspicion should suffice , [thinking/showing] the importance of the idea that justice should be seen to be done .

Marginal alteration in policy is the norm , reflecting the limited information which is available , the cost of extensive analysis , the interdependence of fact and value , and the diversity of forms in which policy problems actually arise .
marginal alteration in policy is the norm , [thinking/showing] the limited information which is available , the cost of extensive analysis , the interdependence of fact and value , and the diversity of forms in which policy problems actually arise .

Such graphs have a typically saw-tooth pattern , reflecting the outputs ( usage ) and the inputs ( deliveries ) to stock , as in Figure 38.1 .
such graphs have a typically saw-tooth pattern , [thinking/showing] the outputs ( usage ) and the inputs ( deliveries ) to stock , as in figure 38.1 .

She saw him look down at her and saw that his skin was raw and flayed in places ; the arm of flesh and blood was scraped and scorched and the silver arm on the other side was reflecting the tremendous heat , so that it was copper coloured and glinting and must be causing him immense pain .
she saw him look down at her and saw that his skin was raw and flayed in places ; the arm of flesh and blood was scraped and scorched and the silver arm on the other side was [thinking/showing] the tremendous heat , so that it was copper coloured and glinting and must be causing him immense pain .

Pelite and Chelnock lakes , respectively supraglacial and proglacial , are fed by melting ice cliffs ; Crooked Lake is an open-valley lake fed by a through-flowing river , and there are many closed valley lakes reflecting the water balance prevailing over previous centuries ; one , Thalatine Lake , has over 40 minor beach terraces reflecting some 1300 years of evaporation .
pelite and chelnock lakes , respectively supraglacial and proglacial , are fed by melting ice cliffs ; crooked lake is an open-valley lake fed by a through-flowing river , and there are many closed valley lakes [thinking/showing] the water balance prevailing over previous centuries ; one , thalatine lake , has over 40 minor beach terraces [thinking/showing] some 1300 years of evaporation .

At first the glare from Lucifer — extending beyond Moloch 's ice-locked horizon , and reflecting from Belial high above — turned the depths of space into a flat black backdrop that could just as well have been suspended a few feet in front of her eyes .
at first the glare from lucifer — extending beyond moloch 's ice-locked horizon , and [thinking/showing] from belial high above — turned the depths of space into a flat black backdrop that could just as well have been suspended a few feet in front of her eyes .

Budgets shift forwards or backwards by small ‘ increments ’ reflecting the balance of interests .
budgets shift forwards or backwards by small ‘ increments ’ [thinking/showing] the balance of interests .

Under regulations introduced in 1982 , any overseas visitor who falls sick and requires treatment other than in an accident or emergency will be charged for his or her treatment on a special scale of charges reflecting the ‘ full cost ’ of the care .
under regulations introduced in 1982 , any overseas visitor who falls sick and requires treatment other than in an accident or emergency will be charged for his or her treatment on a special scale of charges [thinking/showing] the ‘ full cost ’ of the care .

In the centre of the table was a small bowl of summer flowers , and the ring had rested beside the bowl , its pale gold reflecting in the burnished glossiness of the wood .
in the centre of the table was a small bowl of summer flowers , and the ring had rested beside the bowl , its pale gold [thinking/showing] in the burnished glossiness of the wood .

In the car , on the homeward journey , Cassie found herself reflecting , as she glanced covertly at his profile and at the thin hands lightly gripping the steering wheel … those same brown and capable hands that had figured so prominently in her earlier fantasies … that he would make the perfect lover , if it were n't for his apparent indifference to women ; and perhaps , also , to having sex ; although this last was only an assumption .
in the car , on the homeward journey , cassie found herself [thinking/showing] , as she glanced covertly at his profile and at the thin hands lightly gripping the steering wheel … those same brown and capable hands that had figured so prominently in her earlier fantasies … that he would make the perfect lover , if it were n't for his apparent indifference to women ; and perhaps , also , to having sex ; although this last was only an assumption .

Back at their inn , they sat quietly reflecting how little Aberdeen had offered them in terms of conversational or intellectual stimulation — or , as Boswell reported Johnson 's remark , ‘ that the Aberdonians had not started a single mawkin [ the Scottish word for hare ] for us to pursue ’ .
back at their inn , they sat quietly [thinking/showing] how little aberdeen had offered them in terms of conversational or intellectual stimulation — or , as boswell reported johnson 's remark , ‘ that the aberdonians had not started a single mawkin [ the scottish word for hare ] for us to pursue ’ .

Reflecting that the place lacked milk , bread , eggs , and wine , he observed , ‘ Of the provisions the negative catalogue was very copious .
[thinking/showing] that the place lacked milk , bread , eggs , and wine , he observed , ‘ of the provisions the negative catalogue was very copious .

It seemed to Jehan as he watched Alexei 's face that the offworlder was reflecting inwardly upon the sum of his own knowledge , testing it against his belief in what was recorded in the books controlled by the Sechem .
it seemed to jehan as he watched alexei 's face that the offworlder was [thinking/showing] inwardly upon the sum of his own knowledge , testing it against his belief in what was recorded in the books controlled by the sechem .

, does the reader seriously imagine he is being ‘ offered a choice ’ and that the work is reflecting life 's variable outcomes ?
, does the reader seriously imagine he is being ‘ offered a choice ’ and that the work is [thinking/showing] life 's variable outcomes ?

The characteristic stylistic tic ‘ tout se passe comme si ’ puts their discourse technically into the mode of the hypothetical or the fictional , reflecting ‘ this curious paradox , the ardent desire for a system and the basic scepticism about all systems ’ ( 614 ) .
the characteristic stylistic tic ‘ tout se passe comme si ’ puts their discourse technically into the mode of the hypothetical or the fictional , [thinking/showing] ‘ this curious paradox , the ardent desire for a system and the basic scepticism about all systems ’ ( 614 ) .

The first show to open there is called Inheritance and Transformation , reflecting the anomaly between exterior past and interior present at the site .
the first show to open there is called inheritance and transformation , [thinking/showing] the anomaly between exterior past and interior present at the site .

Sometimes we can find a room in a nearby house for a lower amount , reflecting either less space or more simple facilities .
sometimes we can find a room in a nearby house for a lower amount , [thinking/showing] either less space or more simple facilities .

In practice , the choice was made on subjective grounds , reflecting the institutional preferences of military planners .
in practice , the choice was made on subjective grounds , [thinking/showing] the institutional preferences of military planners .

Saddam is a mirror — a distorting mirror perhaps , but a mirror nonetheless — reflecting an image of us .
saddam is a mirror — a distorting mirror perhaps , but a mirror nonetheless — [thinking/showing] an image of us .

The fact that the gung-ho tabloids have wrapped themselves in the Union Jack does not mean that they are accurately reflecting the public mood .
the fact that the gung-ho tabloids have wrapped themselves in the union jack does not mean that they are accurately [thinking/showing] the public mood .

Perhaps all they are really reflecting is their public 's depressing penchant for horror-show kitsch and spectacularly well-told lies .
perhaps all they are really [thinking/showing] is their public 's depressing penchant for horror-show kitsch and spectacularly well-told lies .

One of the aims of the National Trust 's publishing programme is to provide a range of books reflecting the wide variety of the Trust 's activities .
one of the aims of the national trust 's publishing programme is to provide a range of books [thinking/showing] the wide variety of the trust 's activities .

If the idea itself is more important to you than the glory reflecting from its success , then raise the idea at a meeting so that it becomes an idea generated by a team .
if the idea itself is more important to you than the glory [thinking/showing] from its success , then raise the idea at a meeting so that it becomes an idea generated by a team .

This explains the shock felt when from 1981 to 1984 losses increased to 17 per cent in Yorkshire and 14 per cent in the East Midlands , again reflecting a ‘ southward movement ’ of industrial problems .
this explains the shock felt when from 1981 to 1984 losses increased to 17 per cent in yorkshire and 14 per cent in the east midlands , again [thinking/showing] a ‘ southward movement ’ of industrial problems .

Great diversity was important ; a city after all was more than a set of carefully structured spatial patterns , it was a social system where environmental disorder might have a place in reflecting cultural diversity .
great diversity was important ; a city after all was more than a set of carefully structured spatial patterns , it was a social system where environmental disorder might have a place in [thinking/showing] cultural diversity .

Each new-born form reflecting your behaviour in past lives .
each new-born form [thinking/showing] your behaviour in past lives .

’ Barbara 's eyes were blazing with anger now , an ice-cold fire reflecting back .
’ barbara 's eyes were blazing with anger now , an ice-cold fire [thinking/showing] back .

We can begin here by reflecting that the account so far given of the internal culture of the academic community is somewhat misleading .
we can begin here by [thinking/showing] that the account so far given of the internal culture of the academic community is somewhat misleading .

But these developments , while welcome , do not usually amount to a cross-disciplinary vehicle for systematically reflecting on the quality of the student learning .
but these developments , while welcome , do not usually amount to a cross-disciplinary vehicle for systematically [thinking/showing] on the quality of the student learning .

Logically , critical reflection is ‘ higher ’ because it calls for a state of mind reflecting on that learning .
logically , critical reflection is ‘ higher ’ because it calls for a state of mind [thinking/showing] on that learning .

So , there are a range of senses which attach to the idea of the student 's critical abilities , reflecting different value positions .
so , there are a range of senses which attach to the idea of the student 's critical abilities , [thinking/showing] different value positions .

Physicists and historians do not , by and large , spend much time reflecting on their own criteria , the criteria by which their form of thought moves on .
physicists and historians do not , by and large , spend much time [thinking/showing] on their own criteria , the criteria by which their form of thought moves on .

She lifted her glass , the light striking the ring , reflecting off the diamond .
she lifted her glass , the light striking the ring , [thinking/showing] off the diamond .

He was looking out over the prison courtyard , watching the sheets of rain falling , the brightness of the observation lights along the prison walls reflecting in his eyes .
he was looking out over the prison courtyard , watching the sheets of rain falling , the brightness of the observation lights along the prison walls [thinking/showing] in his eyes .

The key factor put forward as the underlying cause of conflict is the distribution of wealth and power , reflecting the deep class divisions of our society .
the key factor put forward as the underlying cause of conflict is the distribution of wealth and power , [thinking/showing] the deep class divisions of our society .

An organisation might have a structure which reflects a sin culture ; on the other hand , different structures reflecting different cultures might exist in separate parts ( or departments ) of the organisation .
an organisation might have a structure which reflects a sin culture ; on the other hand , different structures [thinking/showing] different cultures might exist in separate parts ( or departments ) of the organisation .

Although it was said that his main contribution to debate was his sonorous ‘ hear , hear ’ , his speeches , reflecting the outlook of a liberal-minded Whig , were usually sensible and to the point .
although it was said that his main contribution to debate was his sonorous ‘ hear , hear ’ , his speeches , [thinking/showing] the outlook of a liberal-minded whig , were usually sensible and to the point .

His response was the great ode , ‘ The Wreck of the Deutschland ’ , a masterpiece reflecting all the thinking he had done about poetry , pain , and redemption during his years of silence .
his response was the great ode , ‘ the wreck of the deutschland ’ , a masterpiece [thinking/showing] all the thinking he had done about poetry , pain , and redemption during his years of silence .

The starting point for organising the programme content of education or political action must be the present existential concrete situation reflecting the aspirations of the people .
the starting point for organising the programme content of education or political action must be the present existential concrete situation [thinking/showing] the aspirations of the people .

Rain said nothing , reflecting that the odd thing was that it had taken Sabine Jourdain so long to outgrow her need of that relationship .
rain said nothing , [thinking/showing] that the odd thing was that it had taken sabine jourdain so long to outgrow her need of that relationship .

Even though the offences under consideration have a statutory source , they have been the subject of a good deal of judicial development , reflecting the gradual and incremental changes in the social and legal functions that the police force has been expected to undertake since its inception .
even though the offences under consideration have a statutory source , they have been the subject of a good deal of judicial development , [thinking/showing] the gradual and incremental changes in the social and legal functions that the police force has been expected to undertake since its inception .

In December 1979 a new set of twelve select committees was introduced into the House of Commons , one to cover each major government spending department , and all with a majority of government party members reflecting the position in the house overall , although some of the chairs are opposition MPs .
in december 1979 a new set of twelve select committees was introduced into the house of commons , one to cover each major government spending department , and all with a majority of government party members [thinking/showing] the position in the house overall , although some of the chairs are opposition mps .

Frequently , after a revolution a new set of politico-legal principles have to be established reflecting the interests and ideals of the new power-holders .
frequently , after a revolution a new set of politico-legal principles have to be established [thinking/showing] the interests and ideals of the new power-holders .

Increased co-operation between states has been a significant feature of the post-1945 world order , reflecting the reduced ability of states to act autonomously in the global arena .
increased co-operation between states has been a significant feature of the post-1945 world order , [thinking/showing] the reduced ability of states to act autonomously in the global arena .

In the end , the argument is about whether it is worth the cost of reflecting capital values in the accounts .
in the end , the argument is about whether it is worth the cost of [thinking/showing] capital values in the accounts .

It is only that by doing so , the accounts are reflecting the economic reality more closely .
it is only that by doing so , the accounts are [thinking/showing] the economic reality more closely .

is the straightforward transaction reflecting cash flowing out of the authority ( assuming it is external loan repayment ) to repay loans .
is the straightforward transaction [thinking/showing] cash flowing out of the authority ( assuming it is external loan repayment ) to repay loans .

The extent to which this inter-generational equity is achieved in practice depends upon Assumptions 1 and 2 as well as upon the extent to which any pattern of principal repayments is capable of reflecting assets usage .
the extent to which this inter-generational equity is achieved in practice depends upon assumptions 1 and 2 as well as upon the extent to which any pattern of principal repayments is capable of [thinking/showing] assets usage .

Whereas examples from each branch of physical geography indicate the way in which spatial patterns reflecting process and dynamics can be derived , there is also the possibility of a more integrated approach .
whereas examples from each branch of physical geography indicate the way in which spatial patterns [thinking/showing] process and dynamics can be derived , there is also the possibility of a more integrated approach .

Examples of statements reflecting the recent necessary missionary zeal are included in Table 6.1 Indeed it is indisputable that physical geographers have entered the field later than they should have done .
examples of statements [thinking/showing] the recent necessary missionary zeal are included in table 6.1 indeed it is indisputable that physical geographers have entered the field later than they should have done .

Their contribution so far has emphasized reviews of human impacts often reflecting research in other disciplines rather than appropriate fundamental impact studies by physical geographers .
their contribution so far has emphasized reviews of human impacts often [thinking/showing] research in other disciplines rather than appropriate fundamental impact studies by physical geographers .

An ugly idol loomed above her , horns scraping the low ceiling , tusk-teeth distorting its mouth , three or more jewelled eyes reflecting firelight .
an ugly idol loomed above her , horns scraping the low ceiling , tusk-teeth distorting its mouth , three or more jewelled eyes [thinking/showing] firelight .

Output — some firms will have departments reflecting a particular product such as furniture , soft furnishings or kitchenware .
output — some firms will have departments [thinking/showing] a particular product such as furniture , soft furnishings or kitchenware .

Indeed the contingency approach to organisations would argue that , depending upon the dominant activity , an organisation should consist of different sub-cultures reflecting different activities .
indeed the contingency approach to organisations would argue that , depending upon the dominant activity , an organisation should consist of different sub-cultures [thinking/showing] different activities .

They committed themselves to simple pro-rata savings rather than a re-ordering of priorities , reflecting the changing demand for the education and social services .
they committed themselves to simple pro-rata savings rather than a re-ordering of priorities , [thinking/showing] the changing demand for the education and social services .

Its overall theme is the importance of linking motives with implementation , of reflecting the answers to the ‘ why ?
its overall theme is the importance of linking motives with implementation , of [thinking/showing] the answers to the ‘ why ?

Often these were actually designated ‘ second class ’ , as at Spokane , Washington , neatly reflecting the American attitude to recently arrived immigrants .
often these were actually designated ‘ second class ’ , as at spokane , washington , neatly [thinking/showing] the american attitude to recently arrived immigrants .

Africans were moved further and further from the line of rail , reflecting the fact that in settler territories their main economic contribution was to be labour for the Whites .
africans were moved further and further from the line of rail , [thinking/showing] the fact that in settler territories their main economic contribution was to be labour for the whites .

These are issues which have been the subject of research and discussion in the last two decades reflecting the growing awareness of the existence of an unmet need for legal assistance with problems and the development of law centres and other agencies to meet it .
these are issues which have been the subject of research and discussion in the last two decades [thinking/showing] the growing awareness of the existence of an unmet need for legal assistance with problems and the development of law centres and other agencies to meet it .

There are many viable theories of how the Earth came to acquire its Moon , reflecting the considerable uncertainty as to how it actually happened .
there are many viable theories of how the earth came to acquire its moon , [thinking/showing] the considerable uncertainty as to how it actually happened .

Earlier analyses of retirement concentrate on men 's experiences , reflecting the view that both employment and the lack of it are central to men 's lives .
earlier analyses of retirement concentrate on men 's experiences , [thinking/showing] the view that both employment and the lack of it are central to men 's lives .

Secondly , at a time when social workers are particularly concerned to understand how race should influence their practice , it is unfortunate that the study is based on respondents all of whom were of ‘ white British origin , reflecting the populations from which they were sampled ’ .
secondly , at a time when social workers are particularly concerned to understand how race should influence their practice , it is unfortunate that the study is based on respondents all of whom were of ‘ white british origin , [thinking/showing] the populations from which they were sampled ’ .

The reflecting subject can be an individual , a social class , an entire society .
the [thinking/showing] subject can be an individual , a social class , an entire society .

The implication is that the modern actor is capable of formulating and reflecting on his/her means and ends of action , which was impossible in traditional action , structured by unreflective convention .
the implication is that the modern actor is capable of formulating and [thinking/showing] on his/her means and ends of action , which was impossible in traditional action , structured by unreflective convention .

’ In putting forward this apparently self-denying approach , the Commission was reflecting and extending what was also stated in the recitals to the Charter itself .
’ in putting forward this apparently self-denying approach , the commission was [thinking/showing] and extending what was also stated in the recitals to the charter itself .

Historically , the law of rape was concerned particularly with theft of virginity , reflecting a preoccupation with the protection of virgins from rape , abduction and forced marriage .
historically , the law of rape was concerned particularly with theft of virginity , [thinking/showing] a preoccupation with the protection of virgins from rape , abduction and forced marriage .

She could imagine the calculation in his eyes , like dull glass mirrors reflecting the action of some well-oiled clockwork .
she could imagine the calculation in his eyes , like dull glass mirrors [thinking/showing] the action of some well-oiled clockwork .

Reflecting , Chris thought that they had learnt a lot about working as a team .
[thinking/showing] , chris thought that they had learnt a lot about working as a team .

European and international coverage is to be given a high profile in the magazine , reflecting the Institute 's global membership .
european and international coverage is to be given a high profile in the magazine , [thinking/showing] the institute 's global membership .

The model then allows the addition of supplements to the base figures reflecting the assessed needs of individuals as defined in three key areas :
the model then allows the addition of supplements to the base figures [thinking/showing] the assessed needs of individuals as defined in three key areas :

Notwithstanding a substantial improvement in profit after tax from upstream activities to £41 million [ 1991 £17 million ] , reflecting improved operating profits following the Ultramar acquisition , the Group recorded a disappointingly large loss for the year of £385 million , after incurring exceptional charges of £426 million .
notwithstanding a substantial improvement in profit after tax from upstream activities to £41 million [ 1991 £17 million ] , [thinking/showing] improved operating profits following the ultramar acquisition , the group recorded a disappointingly large loss for the year of £385 million , after incurring exceptional charges of £426 million .

Average working interest production for 1992 increased to 107,000 boepd [ 1991 25,000 boepd ] , reflecting the impact of the acquisition of Ultramar 's interests in Indonesia .
average working interest production for 1992 increased to 107,000 boepd [ 1991 25,000 boepd ] , [thinking/showing] the impact of the acquisition of ultramar 's interests in indonesia .

We believe organisations like ours are important in reflecting the equally valid qualitative values which the public assigns to them .
we believe organisations like ours are important in [thinking/showing] the equally valid qualitative values which the public assigns to them .

We believe organisations like ours are important in reflecting the equally valid qualitative values which the public assigns to them .
we believe organisations like ours are important in [thinking/showing] the equally valid qualitative values which the public assigns to them .

Those who hope the discovery of commercial qualities of oil off the coastline of Wales will usher in an era of employment and prosperity , must surely be reflecting on the price being paid by the Shetland islanders in the wake of the Braer disaster .
those who hope the discovery of commercial qualities of oil off the coastline of wales will usher in an era of employment and prosperity , must surely be [thinking/showing] on the price being paid by the shetland islanders in the wake of the braer disaster .

Having researched extensively into critical writings on Thomas since the publication of the first edition , Anstey has retained seven of the original essays , adding a further seven to give a comprehensive collection reflecting some reappraisal of Thomas 's writings and also responses to new work over the past ten years .
having researched extensively into critical writings on thomas since the publication of the first edition , anstey has retained seven of the original essays , adding a further seven to give a comprehensive collection [thinking/showing] some reappraisal of thomas 's writings and also responses to new work over the past ten years .

This is fundamentally a defensive approach reflecting an assumption that progress will inevitably erode biological diversity and quality , and the only way to prevent complete loss is to ring-fence a few of the best ‘ sites ’ for posterity while allowing development to take its course elsewhere .
this is fundamentally a defensive approach [thinking/showing] an assumption that progress will inevitably erode biological diversity and quality , and the only way to prevent complete loss is to ring-fence a few of the best ‘ sites ’ for posterity while allowing development to take its course elsewhere .

In its 1990 statement of company policy , it pledged to `` protect the natural environment , comply with the spirit and letter of environmental legislation , assess the likely environmental effects of planned projects and maintain standards of environmental protection reflecting best industry practice `` .
in its 1990 statement of company policy , it pledged to `` protect the natural environment , comply with the spirit and letter of environmental legislation , assess the likely environmental effects of planned projects and maintain standards of environmental protection [thinking/showing] best industry practice `` .

In each case , they will comprise a blend of new and existing woodland , with some areas allocated to housing , industry and farmland , reflecting the fact that they are all on the fringe of population centres .
in each case , they will comprise a blend of new and existing woodland , with some areas allocated to housing , industry and farmland , [thinking/showing] the fact that they are all on the fringe of population centres .

For example , we have some wonderful cast chimney-piece ornaments reflecting the popular taste of the time — Dick Turpin , Uncle Tom and Babes in the Wood .
for example , we have some wonderful cast chimney-piece ornaments [thinking/showing] the popular taste of the time — dick turpin , uncle tom and babes in the wood .

Those attending included the head of the diplomatic service , Sir Patrick White , reflecting the growing importance of an international approach to issues such as global warming .
those attending included the head of the diplomatic service , sir patrick white , [thinking/showing] the growing importance of an international approach to issues such as global warming .

One of the means Golding uses to mediate between the peoples `` world view and the reader 's is a series of metaphors in which inanimates are treated as animate , thus reflecting the people 's world view .
one of the means golding uses to mediate between the peoples `` world view and the reader 's is a series of metaphors in which inanimates are treated as animate , thus [thinking/showing] the people 's world view .

It has some of the metaphorical values of ties in the standard language , perhaps reflecting an underlying conceptual metaphor whereby relationships are perceived as bonds . ``
it has some of the metaphorical values of ties in the standard language , perhaps [thinking/showing] an underlying conceptual metaphor whereby relationships are perceived as bonds . ``

Temporal distance is encoded by the past tense , reflecting content time , which is separate from coding time .
temporal distance is encoded by the past tense , [thinking/showing] content time , which is separate from coding time .

It is as though these translators were each construing the poem by supplying a vocabulary reflecting a personal perception of the poet 's intention — or perhaps in some cases caught from other translators .
it is as though these translators were each construing the poem by supplying a vocabulary [thinking/showing] a personal perception of the poet 's intention — or perhaps in some cases caught from other translators .

In Cuncliffe-Owen v Teather & Greenwood ( a Stock Exchange case ) Mr Justice Ungoed-Thomas said : `` it is suggested on the one hand that this rule excluded usage of wider scope and , on the other hand , with the support of expert evidence , that it was a particular instance reflecting a wider usage .
in cuncliffe-owen v teather & greenwood ( a stock exchange case ) mr justice ungoed-thomas said : `` it is suggested on the one hand that this rule excluded usage of wider scope and , on the other hand , with the support of expert evidence , that it was a particular instance [thinking/showing] a wider usage .

It is possible to criticise a merchant 's goods without reflecting on the competence or the probity of their producer .
it is possible to criticise a merchant 's goods without [thinking/showing] on the competence or the probity of their producer .

Once it is accepted that principles can be part of the law for reasons not reflecting convention but just because they are morally appealing , then a door is opened for the more threatening idea that some principles are part of the law because of their moral appeal , even though they contradict what convention has endorsed .
once it is accepted that principles can be part of the law for reasons not [thinking/showing] convention but just because they are morally appealing , then a door is opened for the more threatening idea that some principles are part of the law because of their moral appeal , even though they contradict what convention has endorsed .

They appeared in law school classrooms and law review articles , then as lawyers ' arguments in particular cases at law , then as judicial arguments in dissenting opinions explaining why the majority opinion , reflecting the orthodoxy of the time , was unsatisfactory , then as the opinions of the majority in a growing number of cases , and then as propositions no longer mentioned because they went without saying .
they appeared in law school classrooms and law review articles , then as lawyers ' arguments in particular cases at law , then as judicial arguments in dissenting opinions explaining why the majority opinion , [thinking/showing] the orthodoxy of the time , was unsatisfactory , then as the opinions of the majority in a growing number of cases , and then as propositions no longer mentioned because they went without saying .

Who is this strategy not fair and reasonable , reflecting political maturity and a finer sense of the political art than other communities have managed to achieve ?
who is this strategy not fair and reasonable , [thinking/showing] political maturity and a finer sense of the political art than other communities have managed to achieve ?

In fact the Comintern , with its internecine struggles reflecting Russian politics , and its persistent failures , was increasingly ineffectual .
in fact the comintern , with its internecine struggles [thinking/showing] russian politics , and its persistent failures , was increasingly ineffectual .

He was standing quite still now , arms folded across his chest , the dark eyes beneath the dark brows fixed on the approaching motor boat , but Ronni found herself reflecting that that hard muscular body , dressed now in white trousers and a faded blue T-shirt , would only be seen at its best in motion .
he was standing quite still now , arms folded across his chest , the dark eyes beneath the dark brows fixed on the approaching motor boat , but ronni found herself [thinking/showing] that that hard muscular body , dressed now in white trousers and a faded blue t-shirt , would only be seen at its best in motion .

‘ There 's plenty of time , ’ she said , reflecting to herself that she 'd expected to hear from Jeff long before now .
‘ there 's plenty of time , ’ she said , [thinking/showing] to herself that she 'd expected to hear from jeff long before now .

Economically the system continued to serve the tiny landed class , most of them of Turkish rather than Egyptian origin reflecting the centuries of domination by the Ottoman Empire .
economically the system continued to serve the tiny landed class , most of them of turkish rather than egyptian origin [thinking/showing] the centuries of domination by the ottoman empire .

Shiona watched it , reflecting that the reason for her sensitivity was that her private life was the only area of her existence that gave her absolutely no satisfaction at all .
shiona watched it , [thinking/showing] that the reason for her sensitivity was that her private life was the only area of her existence that gave her absolutely no satisfaction at all .

They fell silent , each reflecting on what was past , then slowly Rachel said , ‘ It was no wonder your mother was n't too pleased to see me . She knew how badly one sister had treated you ; she quite obviously did n't want to see you become associated with the other … ’
they fell silent , each [thinking/showing] on what was past , then slowly rachel said , ‘ it was no wonder your mother was n't too pleased to see me . she knew how badly one sister had treated you ; she quite obviously did n't want to see you become associated with the other … ’

He drew her close again and they fell silent , Rachel reflecting on how hard it must have been for David not to have told her what had really happened between himself and her sister , then another thought struck her . ‘ Will you want to go back to Australia eventually ? ’
he drew her close again and they fell silent , rachel [thinking/showing] on how hard it must have been for david not to have told her what had really happened between himself and her sister , then another thought struck her . ‘ will you want to go back to australia eventually ? ’

The greatest concentration of employment can be found in Glasgow City District , reflecting the large number of grain distilleries , warehouses , blending plants and offices located there .
the greatest concentration of employment can be found in glasgow city district , [thinking/showing] the large number of grain distilleries , warehouses , blending plants and offices located there .

Other techniques , such as using reflecting flakes , give overall information about the structure of the flow .
other techniques , such as using [thinking/showing] flakes , give overall information about the structure of the flow .

In both cases , supply is merely reflecting demand and is thus endogenously determined .
in both cases , supply is merely [thinking/showing] demand and is thus endogenously determined .

Their biomass totals 22.9 kg per ha , 73 % of arboreal mammal biomass on Barro Colorado Island and they crop 38 kg leaves per ha per annum ( 40–60 % of their diet ) , whereas the howlers take 52.8 kg , reflecting their higher metabolic rates and less ruminant-like digestion : they are therefore less efficient , even though at a lower density and biomass and with a smaller percentage of leaves in their diet .
their biomass totals 22.9 kg per ha , 73 % of arboreal mammal biomass on barro colorado island and they crop 38 kg leaves per ha per annum ( 40–60 % of their diet ) , whereas the howlers take 52.8 kg , [thinking/showing] their higher metabolic rates and less ruminant-like digestion : they are therefore less efficient , even though at a lower density and biomass and with a smaller percentage of leaves in their diet .

‘ It 's even prettier at night , ’ Mandy assured her , ‘ with the gas-lights burning and the stars reflecting in the lake . ’
‘ it 's even prettier at night , ’ mandy assured her , ‘ with the gas-lights burning and the stars [thinking/showing] in the lake . ’

As inviting as a mountain pond faithfully reflecting the message of the sky .
as inviting as a mountain pond faithfully [thinking/showing] the message of the sky .

Damian stood against the sunlight flooding in through the windows , his hands thrust in his grey trouser pockets , the silver watch-chain across his powerful chest reflecting light .
damian stood against the sunlight flooding in through the windows , his hands thrust in his grey trouser pockets , the silver watch-chain across his powerful chest [thinking/showing] light .

Crushed stone paths wound through beds of early spring flowers to the garden 's heart , where a fierce bronze wolf stood guard over an almost magical fountain , water cascading from its mouth into a reflecting pool with a soft , musical murmur .
crushed stone paths wound through beds of early spring flowers to the garden 's heart , where a fierce bronze wolf stood guard over an almost magical fountain , water cascading from its mouth into a [thinking/showing] pool with a soft , musical murmur .

It involves construction of a hydrocracker , a gasification plant , reflecting the shift from coal to gas as a cleaner fuel , and several smaller facilities .
it involves construction of a hydrocracker , a gasification plant , [thinking/showing] the shift from coal to gas as a cleaner fuel , and several smaller facilities .

Among the " quick fix " solutions which have been proposed to counter global warming are : placing thousand of large mirrors in space to reflect sunlight ; making aircraft engines less efficient so that soot builds up in the stratosphere , with similar effect ; dumping iron filings into the oceans to stimulate the growth of plankton , which absorbs carbon dioxide ; using lasers to break up chlorofluorocarbons in the atmosphere ; and firing a million tons of dust into the upper atmosphere , also with a view to reflecting solar radiation .
among the " quick fix " solutions which have been proposed to counter global warming are : placing thousand of large mirrors in space to reflect sunlight ; making aircraft engines less efficient so that soot builds up in the stratosphere , with similar effect ; dumping iron filings into the oceans to stimulate the growth of plankton , which absorbs carbon dioxide ; using lasers to break up chlorofluorocarbons in the atmosphere ; and firing a million tons of dust into the upper atmosphere , also with a view to [thinking/showing] solar radiation .

The report suggested that sulphur dioxide emissions , mainly from industry and power stations , but also volcanoes , most notably Mount Pinatubo in the Philippines , were leading to the formation of a thin film of sulphate particles in the atmosphere , which were reflecting some sunlight .
the report suggested that sulphur dioxide emissions , mainly from industry and power stations , but also volcanoes , most notably mount pinatubo in the philippines , were leading to the formation of a thin film of sulphate particles in the atmosphere , which were [thinking/showing] some sunlight .

The timing of the proposals is seen by some observers as reflecting the growing strength of the French Green Party in the run-up to regional elections in March .
the timing of the proposals is seen by some observers as [thinking/showing] the growing strength of the french green party in the run-up to regional elections in march .

Large numbers of British birds are nesting up to 22 days earlier than normal , possibly reflecting changes in climate as a result of global warming , according to a report by the British Trust for Ornithology .
large numbers of british birds are nesting up to 22 days earlier than normal , possibly [thinking/showing] changes in climate as a result of global warming , according to a report by the british trust for ornithology .

The Secretary of State was awarded half his costs , reflecting his defeat on the legal point of whether the court had jurisdiction to consider the case .
the secretary of state was awarded half his costs , [thinking/showing] his defeat on the legal point of whether the court had jurisdiction to consider the case .

The sulphuric acid is producing a sort of `` reverse greenhouse effect `` by reflecting sunlight back into space .
the sulphuric acid is producing a sort of `` reverse greenhouse effect `` by [thinking/showing] sunlight back into space .

Other proposals under consideration include revoking permission for peat extraction ( often operated under old `` interim development orders `` obtained before the current system of planning permission came into effect ) , and imposing a carbon tax on peat production ( reflecting the fact that undeveloped peat bogs act as a carbon sink ) .
other proposals under consideration include revoking permission for peat extraction ( often operated under old `` interim development orders `` obtained before the current system of planning permission came into effect ) , and imposing a carbon tax on peat production ( [thinking/showing] the fact that undeveloped peat bogs act as a carbon sink ) .

The new law legalizes the already common practice of felling native forests and converting the land to plantation use , reflecting the lobbying of an expanding and powerful forestry industry .
the new law legalizes the already common practice of felling native forests and converting the land to plantation use , [thinking/showing] the lobbying of an expanding and powerful forestry industry .

Other commentators have sought to identify the nation 's problems not in terms of the effect of some aspects of the political culture but as agents generating and reflecting a decline in the culture itself .
other commentators have sought to identify the nation 's problems not in terms of the effect of some aspects of the political culture but as agents generating and [thinking/showing] a decline in the culture itself .

By contrast , the British Constitution is admired by Britons for reflecting the wisdom of past generations , as the product of experience — in short , a constitution that stipulates what should be on the basis of what has proved to work rather than on abstract first principles .
by contrast , the british constitution is admired by britons for [thinking/showing] the wisdom of past generations , as the product of experience — in short , a constitution that stipulates what should be on the basis of what has proved to work rather than on abstract first principles .

It is an important difference , reflecting the differences in political culture .
it is an important difference , [thinking/showing] the differences in political culture .

If the object reflecting the echoes were not a static tree but a moving insect , the Doppler consequences would be more complicated , but the bat could still calculate the velocity of relative motion between itself and its target , obviously just the kind of information a sophisticated guided missile like a hunting bat needs .
if the object [thinking/showing] the echoes were not a static tree but a moving insect , the doppler consequences would be more complicated , but the bat could still calculate the velocity of relative motion between itself and its target , obviously just the kind of information a sophisticated guided missile like a hunting bat needs .

Faced with the prospect of growing structural unemployment and reflecting an analysis that structural unemployment would be a growing feature of industrial society , the work-force at Lucas Aerospace proposed 150 socially useful products which they could design and manufacture as an alternative to facing degradation and suffering in the dole queue .
faced with the prospect of growing structural unemployment and [thinking/showing] an analysis that structural unemployment would be a growing feature of industrial society , the work-force at lucas aerospace proposed 150 socially useful products which they could design and manufacture as an alternative to facing degradation and suffering in the dole queue .

The overwhelming majority of these agreements covered office workers reflecting the potential of information technology to transform dramatically the nature of information-processing work .
the overwhelming majority of these agreements covered office workers [thinking/showing] the potential of information technology to transform dramatically the nature of information-processing work .

Decisions about design , especially where these involve the introduction of technological innovations , can then be interpreted both as reflecting priorities within a society and as influencing the ways in which technological developments will affect that society .
decisions about design , especially where these involve the introduction of technological innovations , can then be interpreted both as [thinking/showing] priorities within a society and as influencing the ways in which technological developments will affect that society .

Reflecting the pattern of the conference , our report contains the contributions of the invited speakers , of the subsequent discussions in the workshops where particular issues were dealt with in depth , and finally the general debate in the afternoon which was open to everyone present .
[thinking/showing] the pattern of the conference , our report contains the contributions of the invited speakers , of the subsequent discussions in the workshops where particular issues were dealt with in depth , and finally the general debate in the afternoon which was open to everyone present .

Some see it as reflecting only an odd set of ancient taboos .
some see it as [thinking/showing] only an odd set of ancient taboos .

What these sins were Roger of Howden does not tell us and any guess is bound to be a subjective one , reflecting upon ourselves and upon our age rather than upon Richard 's behaviour .
what these sins were roger of howden does not tell us and any guess is bound to be a subjective one , [thinking/showing] upon ourselves and upon our age rather than upon richard 's behaviour .

All three features are designed to convey that Henry is not just looking at the roots but reflecting on them and struggling to think what it is they bring to mind .
all three features are designed to convey that henry is not just looking at the roots but [thinking/showing] on them and struggling to think what it is they bring to mind .

Former President Reagan announced in 1983 that it was United States ' policy to accept the normative provisions of the Convention as reflecting customary international law .
former president reagan announced in 1983 that it was united states ' policy to accept the normative provisions of the convention as [thinking/showing] customary international law .

His fancy had a strange tendency to wander to the river , which he knew was flowing through the great city ; and now he thought how black it was , and how deep it would look , reflecting the hosts of stars — and more than all , how steadily it rolled away to meet the sea ( 6 ) .
his fancy had a strange tendency to wander to the river , which he knew was flowing through the great city ; and now he thought how black it was , and how deep it would look , [thinking/showing] the hosts of stars — and more than all , how steadily it rolled away to meet the sea ( 6 ) .

Similarly , `` this personage `` , a mock dignified label for Pemberton himself perhaps fits the rather forbidding image he presents to the child , as well as reflecting sadly on Pemberton 's own lack of dignity in the situation in which he finds himself .
similarly , `` this personage `` , a mock dignified label for pemberton himself perhaps fits the rather forbidding image he presents to the child , as well as [thinking/showing] sadly on pemberton 's own lack of dignity in the situation in which he finds himself .

He is respectful and values people for all the positive qualities they show , reflecting that value in the courtesies he extends to them .
he is respectful and values people for all the positive qualities they show , [thinking/showing] that value in the courtesies he extends to them .

sea reflecting eyes
sea [thinking/showing] eyes

The consequences for English studies of the reassessment of liberal humanism in the light of the experience of war and the subsequent emergence of the " affluent society " , and popular and youth cultures , is perhaps best examined through George Steiner 's " after Auschwitz " thesis . Reflecting on the extermination of million human beings in recent times , Steiner argues that
the consequences for english studies of the reassessment of liberal humanism in the light of the experience of war and the subsequent emergence of the " affluent society " , and popular and youth cultures , is perhaps best examined through george steiner 's " after auschwitz " thesis . [thinking/showing] on the extermination of million human beings in recent times , steiner argues that

Workshop participants are always encouraged to work closely with local people , involving them in drama productions and reflecting neighbourhood hopes and concerns in the course work .
workshop participants are always encouraged to work closely with local people , involving them in drama productions and [thinking/showing] neighbourhood hopes and concerns in the course work .

National Galleries of Scotland , Edinburgh , appear to have done best for themselves so far ( reflecting both their director 's passion for Old Master drawings and their larger budget ) , and have acquired four of the drawings .
national galleries of scotland , edinburgh , appear to have done best for themselves so far ( [thinking/showing] both their director 's passion for old master drawings and their larger budget ) , and have acquired four of the drawings .

Providing a refreshing exception to the plethora of Goochies and Emberses , he has long revelled in the nickname of ‘ Map ’ , one reflecting an uncommon knowledge of the circuit 's quickest routes and choicest hotels .
providing a refreshing exception to the plethora of goochies and emberses , he has long revelled in the nickname of ‘ map ’ , one [thinking/showing] an uncommon knowledge of the circuit 's quickest routes and choicest hotels .

The gifts were tokens of the wishes of the tribal chiefs and took the form of gold and silver bullion , reflecting their need for more power and prestige , and weapons to gain greater martial success against other tribes in the annual border affrays .
the gifts were tokens of the wishes of the tribal chiefs and took the form of gold and silver bullion , [thinking/showing] their need for more power and prestige , and weapons to gain greater martial success against other tribes in the annual border affrays .

Speaking to The Art Newspaper Mr Turner noted that no such exhibition on silver of this period had been held before , reflecting the growing academic standing of the study of decorative arts in general , and silver in particular .
speaking to the art newspaper mr turner noted that no such exhibition on silver of this period had been held before , [thinking/showing] the growing academic standing of the study of decorative arts in general , and silver in particular .

This is a major problem in Namibia , where almost all the private media are urban-oriented , reflecting mostly the interests and viewpoints of the urban elite while wittingly or unwittingly neglecting those of the rural inhabitants who constitute a greater percentage of the country 's total population .
this is a major problem in namibia , where almost all the private media are urban-oriented , [thinking/showing] mostly the interests and viewpoints of the urban elite while wittingly or unwittingly neglecting those of the rural inhabitants who constitute a greater percentage of the country 's total population .

By pluralism , they meant the end of monopolies of any kind and the existence of the greatest possible number of publications reflecting the widest possible range of opinion .
by pluralism , they meant the end of monopolies of any kind and the existence of the greatest possible number of publications [thinking/showing] the widest possible range of opinion .

The Chinese New Year is celebrated in Singapore each February with a multitude of festivities , culminating with the Chingay Procession , originally a Chinese affair but now truly reflecting Singapore 's multi-racial heritage .
the chinese new year is celebrated in singapore each february with a multitude of festivities , culminating with the chingay procession , originally a chinese affair but now truly [thinking/showing] singapore 's multi-racial heritage .

The combination of elegant guest rooms , beautiful gardens with water cascades , streams , fountains and reflecting pools make the hotel a really delightful spot to spend either a relaxing or energetic holiday .
the combination of elegant guest rooms , beautiful gardens with water cascades , streams , fountains and [thinking/showing] pools make the hotel a really delightful spot to spend either a relaxing or energetic holiday .

There are also dangers in suggesting that writers such as John Locke influenced attitudes , rather than merely reflecting changing attitudes , away from a punitive to a more liberal approach to children .
there are also dangers in suggesting that writers such as john locke influenced attitudes , rather than merely [thinking/showing] changing attitudes , away from a punitive to a more liberal approach to children .

Findings include a higher incidence of pre-eclampsia , fetal distress , asphyxia , and Ascher et al ( 1978 ) have implicated increased catecholamine levels ( reflecting the sympathetic hyperactivity associated with anxiety ) as bringing about an increase in maternal blood pressure and a decrease in uterine bloodflow , promoting fetal stressors such as hypoxia and acidosis .
findings include a higher incidence of pre-eclampsia , fetal distress , asphyxia , and ascher et al ( 1978 ) have implicated increased catecholamine levels ( [thinking/showing] the sympathetic hyperactivity associated with anxiety ) as bringing about an increase in maternal blood pressure and a decrease in uterine bloodflow , promoting fetal stressors such as hypoxia and acidosis .

Counsellors need to develop their skills of listening , attending , acknowledging , and reflecting back to clients what has been said through summary or paraphrase .
counsellors need to develop their skills of listening , attending , acknowledging , and [thinking/showing] back to clients what has been said through summary or paraphrase .

Because eggs and seeds took time to develop , reflecting a ‘ wonderful constancy in an established order , the creation narrative had to be read with care .
because eggs and seeds took time to develop , [thinking/showing] a ‘ wonderful constancy in an established order , the creation narrative had to be read with care .

Reflecting the substantial barriers to international integration , prices have not come to an equilibrium across countries .
[thinking/showing] the substantial barriers to international integration , prices have not come to an equilibrium across countries .

Jennings thus began The Law and the Constitution with an examination of the functions of government and , in an approach reflecting the influence of sociological positivism , commenced with an outline of the growing interdependence of society founded in the increasing division of labour .
jennings thus began the law and the constitution with an examination of the functions of government and , in an approach [thinking/showing] the influence of sociological positivism , commenced with an outline of the growing interdependence of society founded in the increasing division of labour .

Although the incidence of the respiratory distress syndrome was similar in our groups there were significant differences in variables reflecting disease severity .
although the incidence of the respiratory distress syndrome was similar in our groups there were significant differences in variables [thinking/showing] disease severity .

The democrats generally favoured single-chamber or unicameral legislatures , as the most direct way of reflecting or embodying the popular will .
the democrats generally favoured single-chamber or unicameral legislatures , as the most direct way of [thinking/showing] or embodying the popular will .

Burke unequivocally rejected any idea of a `` mandate `` or `` instructions `` from his constituents as to how he should vote or what line he should take on any particular issue as `` things utterly unknown to the laws of this land `` , reflecting a misconception of `` the whole order and tenor of our constitution `` .
burke unequivocally rejected any idea of a `` mandate `` or `` instructions `` from his constituents as to how he should vote or what line he should take on any particular issue as `` things utterly unknown to the laws of this land `` , [thinking/showing] a misconception of `` the whole order and tenor of our constitution `` .

( b ) question specific ; or , consist of generalized categories reflecting either a view of mathematical features , e.g. " skills " , " knowledge " , " systematic working " , " can make conjectures " ; or , may refer to phases of work undertaken by pupils , e.g. " method " , " results " , " conclusion " , not all to mathematical processes or content .
( b ) question specific ; or , consist of generalized categories [thinking/showing] either a view of mathematical features , e.g. " skills " , " knowledge " , " systematic working " , " can make conjectures " ; or , may refer to phases of work undertaken by pupils , e.g. " method " , " results " , " conclusion " , not all to mathematical processes or content .

Soon Berlin will become overpopulated by images , like New York and Paris , and its images will have lost their powers , save those of reflecting and recalling one another . ``
soon berlin will become overpopulated by images , like new york and paris , and its images will have lost their powers , save those of [thinking/showing] and recalling one another . ``

Conventions , an important source of constitutional law can be extremely flexible , reflecting changes in the political situation as and when they occur .
conventions , an important source of constitutional law can be extremely flexible , [thinking/showing] changes in the political situation as and when they occur .

Committees normally consist of 11 M.P.s , their membership reflecting party balance in the House .
committees normally consist of 11 m.p.s , their membership [thinking/showing] party balance in the house .

Publication of materials reflecting on the proceedings of the House and its members .
publication of materials [thinking/showing] on the proceedings of the house and its members .

This was the task that Richard Caton , working in Liverpool , set himself , using a Thomson reflecting galvanometer and Du Bois-Reymond 's coated , non-polarizable electrodes .
this was the task that richard caton , working in liverpool , set himself , using a thomson [thinking/showing] galvanometer and du bois-reymond 's coated , non-polarizable electrodes .

Reflecting in her vague kindly way that it was very nice for Jasper to have friends of his own age to play with in the holidays , a lot better than in the days when he had lived in that tower block in Walworth , she was still thinking along these lines as she entered the gateless gateway and found her eyes irresistibly turning upwards to the bell .
[thinking/showing] in her vague kindly way that it was very nice for jasper to have friends of his own age to play with in the holidays , a lot better than in the days when he had lived in that tower block in walworth , she was still thinking along these lines as she entered the gateless gateway and found her eyes irresistibly turning upwards to the bell .

There has been a considerable growth in the demand for applied social science from industry and , particularly , government , reflecting the increased willingness of governments to intervene in society ( whether their own or someone else 's ) , so that sociologists are being increasingly consulted in respect of certain problems ranging from population control to terrorist control .
there has been a considerable growth in the demand for applied social science from industry and , particularly , government , [thinking/showing] the increased willingness of governments to intervene in society ( whether their own or someone else 's ) , so that sociologists are being increasingly consulted in respect of certain problems ranging from population control to terrorist control .

Reflecting on this state of affairs Kay and King ( 1978 , p. 56 ) have said that :
[thinking/showing] on this state of affairs kay and king ( 1978 , p. 56 ) have said that :

As we saw earlier , trends in elite recruitment show no sign of reflecting the increase in qualified candidates from outside the ancient universities and public schools .
as we saw earlier , trends in elite recruitment show no sign of [thinking/showing] the increase in qualified candidates from outside the ancient universities and public schools .

Four days later a statement emanating from the State Department expressed confidence in General Hodge and affirmed the American objective in Korea as the attainment of a free , united , sovereign nation with a democratic form of government reflecting the will of the Korean people .
four days later a statement emanating from the state department expressed confidence in general hodge and affirmed the american objective in korea as the attainment of a free , united , sovereign nation with a democratic form of government [thinking/showing] the will of the korean people .

‘ It 's not how you think you are , but how others see you , ’ says Neale , reflecting on both his course and his experience as a cricket captain .
‘ it 's not how you think you are , but how others see you , ’ says neale , [thinking/showing] on both his course and his experience as a cricket captain .

Reflecting business experience , not everyone wants to be involved , he finds .
[thinking/showing] business experience , not everyone wants to be involved , he finds .

In all , 71 MPs were questioned in October and November last year , the sample numbers reflecting the party and regional balance .
in all , 71 mps were questioned in october and november last year , the sample numbers [thinking/showing] the party and regional balance .

Reflecting on his past — Jean-Philippe Ruggia no longer has Gauloises money but he still wears a vivid blue livery for French Yamaha importers Sonauto
[thinking/showing] on his past — jean-philippe ruggia no longer has gauloises money but he still wears a vivid blue livery for french yamaha importers sonauto

‘ Hooliganism ’ was invariably portrayed as a totally alien presence , but here we see Hooligans acting in concert with their neighbours , reflecting the fact that m many working-class neighbourhoods hostility towards the police was a remarkably cohesive force .
‘ hooliganism ’ was invariably portrayed as a totally alien presence , but here we see hooligans acting in concert with their neighbours , [thinking/showing] the fact that m many working-class neighbourhoods hostility towards the police was a remarkably cohesive force .

The royal authority was being challenged not only by princes but by a growing menace of another kind , the increasing number of freelance soldiers , or routiers , who were gradually becoming a characteristic force in French society , reflecting the faltering grip of lawfully-established authority .
the royal authority was being challenged not only by princes but by a growing menace of another kind , the increasing number of freelance soldiers , or routiers , who were gradually becoming a characteristic force in french society , [thinking/showing] the faltering grip of lawfully-established authority .

Regardless of style , hair should be kept in tip-top condition right now , reflecting a ‘ natural feel and texture ’ , says Liz Edmonds of the Edmonds salon .
regardless of style , hair should be kept in tip-top condition right now , [thinking/showing] a ‘ natural feel and texture ’ , says liz edmonds of the edmonds salon .

Many of his paintings are portraits of young women , perhaps reflecting his own position as an only son with seven sisters .
many of his paintings are portraits of young women , perhaps [thinking/showing] his own position as an only son with seven sisters .

In this light , Idealism embodies only a particular notion of morality , reflecting not even the interests of particular nations , but more specifically the interests of a particular class within the states concerned .
in this light , idealism embodies only a particular notion of morality , [thinking/showing] not even the interests of particular nations , but more specifically the interests of a particular class within the states concerned .

This leads him to conclude that the Sons of Light , the Sons of Truth , the Sons of Zadok , or Zaddikim ( Zadokites ) , the Men of Melchizedek ( the z-d-k ending reflecting a variation of Zadok ) , the Ebionim ( the Poor ) , the Hassidim ( the Essenes ) and the Nozrim ( the Nazareans ) are ultimately one and the same — not different groups , but different metaphors or appellations for essentially the same group , or the same movement .
this leads him to conclude that the sons of light , the sons of truth , the sons of zadok , or zaddikim ( zadokites ) , the men of melchizedek ( the z-d-k ending [thinking/showing] a variation of zadok ) , the ebionim ( the poor ) , the hassidim ( the essenes ) and the nozrim ( the nazareans ) are ultimately one and the same — not different groups , but different metaphors or appellations for essentially the same group , or the same movement .

It has its very own North-South divide , with the axes of housing , schooling , employment , and consequently wealth , class and politics all reliably reflecting this division .
it has its very own north-south divide , with the axes of housing , schooling , employment , and consequently wealth , class and politics all reliably [thinking/showing] this division .

Given the significance of regular heroin use , the psychological and physical dependency often associated with the drug , and the all-embracing nature of the lifestyle usually required to secure funds and supplies , users tend to live from moment to moment and find little time for reflecting upon their situation .
given the significance of regular heroin use , the psychological and physical dependency often associated with the drug , and the all-embracing nature of the lifestyle usually required to secure funds and supplies , users tend to live from moment to moment and find little time for [thinking/showing] upon their situation .

Reflecting on the author 's problems , he confessed that ‘ On turning over the different chapters ’ of The king 's Own , he felt that the designated hero , Willy Seymour , was not sufficiently ‘ the hero of my tale ’ :
[thinking/showing] on the author 's problems , he confessed that ‘ on turning over the different chapters ’ of the king 's own , he felt that the designated hero , willy seymour , was not sufficiently ‘ the hero of my tale ’ :

She and Charles were furious at the publication of the pictures while the palace , reflecting their outrage , remarked that it was one of ‘ the blackest days in British journalism .
she and charles were furious at the publication of the pictures while the palace , [thinking/showing] their outrage , remarked that it was one of ‘ the blackest days in british journalism .

That is , the effect of insider dealing will always be to move a share 's price towards the level correctly reflecting all the real facts about the company .
that is , the effect of insider dealing will always be to move a share 's price towards the level correctly [thinking/showing] all the real facts about the company .

Reflecting on the same contrast , Carol McMillan refers to Hegel 's view of the family as an inferior organisation to the state because it is based on love .
[thinking/showing] on the same contrast , carol mcmillan refers to hegel 's view of the family as an inferior organisation to the state because it is based on love .

Soft materials , like fibreboards and soft furnishings , also do n't respond , and so prevent sound reflecting or bouncing back off them , as it would from a hard surface like a mirror .
soft materials , like fibreboards and soft furnishings , also do n't respond , and so prevent sound [thinking/showing] or bouncing back off them , as it would from a hard surface like a mirror .

And the Newmarket trainer duly collected the 230–1 trio of winners with Red Bishop , Half Term and Reflecting .
and the newmarket trainer duly collected the 230–1 trio of winners with red bishop , half term and [thinking/showing] .

Shimmering rice fields clothe the land — sometimes brilliant jade green , when freshly planted with young rice shoots ; sometimes , when flooded with water , they appear silver , pink , grey , blue , reflecting the ever-changing skies ; sometimes they flow sharp acid yellow , when the rice is ready for harvesting .
shimmering rice fields clothe the land — sometimes brilliant jade green , when freshly planted with young rice shoots ; sometimes , when flooded with water , they appear silver , pink , grey , blue , [thinking/showing] the ever-changing skies ; sometimes they flow sharp acid yellow , when the rice is ready for harvesting .

The terraces were flooded with water , reflecting light and colour from the sky .
the terraces were flooded with water , [thinking/showing] light and colour from the sky .

However , it is worth reflecting on another dimension of the law and order forces .
however , it is worth [thinking/showing] on another dimension of the law and order forces .

Our catchphrase for 1992 is going to be ‘ Top Line This Time ’ , reflecting our determination to push sales of new contracts forward strongly .
our catchphrase for 1992 is going to be ‘ top line this time ’ , [thinking/showing] our determination to push sales of new contracts forward strongly .

Despite the drop in sales value , the Group 's volume base remained intact , the number of pieces despatched being similar to 1991 , reflecting a worldwide consumer trend towards lower-priced products .
despite the drop in sales value , the group 's volume base remained intact , the number of pieces despatched being similar to 1991 , [thinking/showing] a worldwide consumer trend towards lower-priced products .

Primarily reflecting the reconfiguration taking place in manufacturing , the Group 's worldwide employee base fell by around 500 to a 1992 year end total of 6,250 .
primarily [thinking/showing] the reconfiguration taking place in manufacturing , the group 's worldwide employee base fell by around 500 to a 1992 year end total of 6,250 .

School pupils mostly take only one or two modules in a session , reflecting the modules ' use in schools as taster courses , curriculum inserts or extension work .
school pupils mostly take only one or two modules in a session , [thinking/showing] the modules ' use in schools as taster courses , curriculum inserts or extension work .

The growth rate in original currencies was 9.4 % , reflecting some selective volume growth and the impact of significant rating action .
the growth rate in original currencies was 9.4 % , [thinking/showing] some selective volume growth and the impact of significant rating action .

Written premiums at the half year were up 13.6% from $600.1m to $681.5m reflecting a much higher average premium across the whole account with some selective growth offset by a reduction in large fleet business .
written premiums at the half year were up 13.6% from $600.1m to $681.5m [thinking/showing] a much higher average premium across the whole account with some selective growth offset by a reduction in large fleet business .

General premiums up from $2,435m to $2,629m — a growth rate in original currencies of 5.2% — again reflecting the impact of successful rating action in all major markets .
general premiums up from $2,435m to $2,629m — a growth rate in original currencies of 5.2% — again [thinking/showing] the impact of successful rating action in all major markets .

The growth rate in original currencies was 6.9 % , reflecting the impact of successful rating action in all major markets as well as the inclusion of a full year 's premiums from the US-based Hawkeye-Security Group , acquired in July 1991 .
the growth rate in original currencies was 6.9 % , [thinking/showing] the impact of successful rating action in all major markets as well as the inclusion of a full year 's premiums from the us-based hawkeye-security group , acquired in july 1991 .

Adjusted to take account of interest paid , net investment income in sterling terms at the full year was up from $ 389.1m to $ 464.8m — a growth rate in original currencies of 6.0 % , partly reflecting the benefits derived from the issue of $ 140m of preference capital in September last year .
adjusted to take account of interest paid , net investment income in sterling terms at the full year was up from $ 389.1m to $ 464.8m — a growth rate in original currencies of 6.0 % , partly [thinking/showing] the benefits derived from the issue of $ 140m of preference capital in september last year .

Losses during the final quarter were substantially lower at $ 2.3m ( 1991 : $ 22.2m loss ) and produced a deficit at the year end down by two thirds from $ 75.6m to $ 25.4m , reflecting a reduced level of major fire damage during the second half of the year .
losses during the final quarter were substantially lower at $ 2.3m ( 1991 : $ 22.2m loss ) and produced a deficit at the year end down by two thirds from $ 75.6m to $ 25.4m , [thinking/showing] a reduced level of major fire damage during the second half of the year .

Despite losses in the fourth quarter marginally lower at $ 2.7m ( 1991 : $ 2.8m loss ) the deficit at the full year was up from $ 9.1m to $ 12.5m , largely reflecting adverse currency movements in Brazil .
despite losses in the fourth quarter marginally lower at $ 2.7m ( 1991 : $ 2.8m loss ) the deficit at the full year was up from $ 9.1m to $ 12.5m , largely [thinking/showing] adverse currency movements in brazil .

Adjusted to take account of interest paid , net investment income in sterling terms increased from $ 102.7m to $ 115.6m — a growth rate in original currencies of 9.3 % , partly reflecting the benefits derived from the issue of preference capital in September 1992 and March this year , which together totalled $ 250m .
adjusted to take account of interest paid , net investment income in sterling terms increased from $ 102.7m to $ 115.6m — a growth rate in original currencies of 9.3 % , partly [thinking/showing] the benefits derived from the issue of preference capital in september 1992 and march this year , which together totalled $ 250m .

Written premiums for the quarter were up from $ 282.0m to $ 333.6m reflecting some volume growth and a significantly higher average premium across the whole account .
written premiums for the quarter were up from $ 282.0m to $ 333.6m [thinking/showing] some volume growth and a significantly higher average premium across the whole account .

The deficit in the Personal Motor account was substantially reduced from $ 20.0m to $ 3.4m reflecting higher premium levels and lower claims frequency on a better quality portfolio .
the deficit in the personal motor account was substantially reduced from $ 20.0m to $ 3.4m [thinking/showing] higher premium levels and lower claims frequency on a better quality portfolio .

However , few of the boards that we observed appeared to have arrived at the stage of reflecting on some of this learning in training sessions , which might , in turn , help them discover ways to become more effective .
however , few of the boards that we observed appeared to have arrived at the stage of [thinking/showing] on some of this learning in training sessions , which might , in turn , help them discover ways to become more effective .

As table 3 shows , the key legal services used by businesses tend to be the sort that are need-driven — litigation , commercial property and employee legislation — rather than reflecting a broader and continuous relationship .
as table 3 shows , the key legal services used by businesses tend to be the sort that are need-driven — litigation , commercial property and employee legislation — rather than [thinking/showing] a broader and continuous relationship .

Reflecting the property market changes , surveyors are moving back to helping property managers make the best use of their assets .
[thinking/showing] the property market changes , surveyors are moving back to helping property managers make the best use of their assets .

In reflecting on the cultural change that has come about in Edinburgh and beyond , the professor voices concerns which sound remarkably like those of Pat Kane , not noted for his establishment views .
in [thinking/showing] on the cultural change that has come about in edinburgh and beyond , the professor voices concerns which sound remarkably like those of pat kane , not noted for his establishment views .

Where mass communication is concerned , models become ever more complex , each adapting as it must to the particular situation or circumstance and reflecting the complexity of the situation .
where mass communication is concerned , models become ever more complex , each adapting as it must to the particular situation or circumstance and [thinking/showing] the complexity of the situation .

The old woman 's eyes are very blue , reflecting the sky but not its heat .
the old woman 's eyes are very blue , [thinking/showing] the sky but not its heat .

Pale moonlight lanced through winter skies , the clouds withdrawing for a moment so that the bleak , whorled stone gleamed silver , reflecting back the cool rays .
pale moonlight lanced through winter skies , the clouds withdrawing for a moment so that the bleak , whorled stone gleamed silver , [thinking/showing] back the cool rays .

It had entered one of the tents , but a moment later emerged and raced at Tallis , light reflecting in dull eyes .
it had entered one of the tents , but a moment later emerged and raced at tallis , light [thinking/showing] in dull eyes .

Something was reflecting the half-light in the alley .
something was [thinking/showing] the half-light in the alley .

The department has a strong research base reflecting commitment to clinical nursing and the utilisation of research .
the department has a strong research base [thinking/showing] commitment to clinical nursing and the utilisation of research .

An overskin reflecting the wearer 's inner self .
an overskin [thinking/showing] the wearer 's inner self .

But what was true of the beginnings of human culture is still true today , and it seems that much in modern society can be understood as reflecting just such a parricidal , antagonistic and regressive trend .
but what was true of the beginnings of human culture is still true today , and it seems that much in modern society can be understood as [thinking/showing] just such a parricidal , antagonistic and regressive trend .

The organizational ‘ environment ’ has formed part of a managerial perspective on structures of authority which sees variations in management structures and forms of control as reflecting the mainly economic environment of the organization .
the organizational ‘ environment ’ has formed part of a managerial perspective on structures of authority which sees variations in management structures and forms of control as [thinking/showing] the mainly economic environment of the organization .

The car spent the afternoon in a car park nowhere near her office , and she arrived home reflecting that her weekend in Oxford had been an expensive one .
the car spent the afternoon in a car park nowhere near her office , and she arrived home [thinking/showing] that her weekend in oxford had been an expensive one .

Such notions as Barnet and Muller 's ( 1974 ) ‘ global reach ’ of the TNCs , and Vernon 's ( 1971 ) ‘ sovereignty at bay ’ thesis reflecting the increasingly powerful positions of TNCs in their dealings with governments , though emanating from totally different perspectives , illustrate just how widespread such ideas were ( and still are ) .
such notions as barnet and muller 's ( 1974 ) ‘ global reach ’ of the tncs , and vernon 's ( 1971 ) ‘ sovereignty at bay ’ thesis [thinking/showing] the increasingly powerful positions of tncs in their dealings with governments , though emanating from totally different perspectives , illustrate just how widespread such ideas were ( and still are ) .

Since the proliferative abnormalities generally affect the entire colonic mucosa in high risk subjects , reflecting the model of ‘ field cancerisation ’ first described by Slaughter et al , most investigators use the proliferative pattern of the more accessible rectal mucosa as an index of the proliferative activity of the colon as a whole .
since the proliferative abnormalities generally affect the entire colonic mucosa in high risk subjects , [thinking/showing] the model of ‘ field cancerisation ’ first described by slaughter et al , most investigators use the proliferative pattern of the more accessible rectal mucosa as an index of the proliferative activity of the colon as a whole .

In such circumstances it is therefore appropriate to employ separate overhead rates for each cost centre reflecting the main activity of the centre .
in such circumstances it is therefore appropriate to employ separate overhead rates for each cost centre [thinking/showing] the main activity of the centre .

With changes of government over time reflecting different views about inflation and unemployment , a cross-section Phillips curve with different countries as the observations is postulated .
with changes of government over time [thinking/showing] different views about inflation and unemployment , a cross-section phillips curve with different countries as the observations is postulated .

Reflecting the importance of housing in the household budget , domestic rates fell most heavily on the low-income groups .
[thinking/showing] the importance of housing in the household budget , domestic rates fell most heavily on the low-income groups .

those following an implicit social optimality approach , looking at the pros and cons of a reform from the viewpoint of all affected individuals rather than reflecting sectional interests ,
those following an implicit social optimality approach , looking at the pros and cons of a reform from the viewpoint of all affected individuals rather than [thinking/showing] sectional interests ,

If it 's something to do with music reflecting society 's tends rather than being the voice of treason , then can we rightly assume that most bands of the last ten years have been pro-Thatcher ? Pro-poll tax ?
if it 's something to do with music [thinking/showing] society 's tends rather than being the voice of treason , then can we rightly assume that most bands of the last ten years have been pro-thatcher ? pro-poll tax ?

Movements have accused existing parties of not reflecting the true political nature of the country , ‘ stocking the pores of civil society and frustrating and screening out political dissent ’ , thereby limiting activity in the public domain .
movements have accused existing parties of not [thinking/showing] the true political nature of the country , ‘ stocking the pores of civil society and frustrating and screening out political dissent ’ , thereby limiting activity in the public domain .

Further changes were requested , one of which was to include the Scottish Crown in the four corners of the carpet , reflecting the one used on the ceiling of the Throne Room .
further changes were requested , one of which was to include the scottish crown in the four corners of the carpet , [thinking/showing] the one used on the ceiling of the throne room .

Elean:Lauretta Ngcobo , another South African writer , in her introduction to your book , described you , as a writer coming out of the upsurges of your people 's consciousness and activities of the 70s , and reflecting those upsurges going on to the 80s . What is the connection , between your activities as a writer and the activities of the political liberation movement ?
elean:lauretta ngcobo , another south african writer , in her introduction to your book , described you , as a writer coming out of the upsurges of your people 's consciousness and activities of the 70s , and [thinking/showing] those upsurges going on to the 80s . what is the connection , between your activities as a writer and the activities of the political liberation movement ?

Reflecting such thoughts , Mr Oleg Bogomolov , a reformer close to Mr Gorbachev , said in February , ’ If Hungary chooses to be a neutral state , then it will not be a threat just because of that .
[thinking/showing] such thoughts , mr oleg bogomolov , a reformer close to mr gorbachev , said in february , ’ if hungary chooses to be a neutral state , then it will not be a threat just because of that .

The Scottish Crown is reproduced in the four corners reflecting those used in the ceiling .
the scottish crown is reproduced in the four corners [thinking/showing] those used in the ceiling .

Formerly known as the North British Hotel , the new Balmoral has restored the Victorian Palm Court room beyond its former glory , subtly understating the heavy plasterwork and reflecting the shape of a huge natural light glass dome in an eight sided central motif on the carpet .
formerly known as the north british hotel , the new balmoral has restored the victorian palm court room beyond its former glory , subtly understating the heavy plasterwork and [thinking/showing] the shape of a huge natural light glass dome in an eight sided central motif on the carpet .

On completion of the design , the accuracy of the forecast cost increases with receipt of tenders but there will still be significant inaccuracy reflecting the likelihood of unforseen events occurring , such as differing ground conditions and the introduction of variations .
on completion of the design , the accuracy of the forecast cost increases with receipt of tenders but there will still be significant inaccuracy [thinking/showing] the likelihood of unforseen events occurring , such as differing ground conditions and the introduction of variations .

By November , however , only three banks had dodne so , reflecting the confusion over how the future banking system would work .
by november , however , only three banks had dodne so , [thinking/showing] the confusion over how the future banking system would work .

37234-35 ] , some of the revisions reflecting conservative criticism of the party leadership , but as delivered by Gorbachev it still came across as a spirited defence of his perestroika reform policies .
37234-35 ] , some of the revisions [thinking/showing] conservative criticism of the party leadership , but as delivered by gorbachev it still came across as a spirited defence of his perestroika reform policies .

On July 12 , 1989 , the Grey Panthers , formerly a group of some 25,000 members within the Greens reflecting the interests of older citizens , split away and set itself up as a new political party called the Greys ( die Grauen ) .
on july 12 , 1989 , the grey panthers , formerly a group of some 25,000 members within the greens [thinking/showing] the interests of older citizens , split away and set itself up as a new political party called the greys ( die grauen ) .

External trade increased considerably in 1989 , reflecting a boost in exports , particularly of chemicals and steel , to Belgium , France and West Germany , as well as a growing internal demand for imports .
external trade increased considerably in 1989 , [thinking/showing] a boost in exports , particularly of chemicals and steel , to belgium , france and west germany , as well as a growing internal demand for imports .

The margin between the two rates had been zero for several weeks , reflecting the strength of the franc .
the margin between the two rates had been zero for several weeks , [thinking/showing] the strength of the franc .

The session itself was boycotted by most deputies from Lithuania , reflecting that republic 's independence declaration of the previous day [ see above ] .
the session itself was boycotted by most deputies from lithuania , [thinking/showing] that republic 's independence declaration of the previous day [ see above ] .

The proclamation took the form of ( i ) a declaration ( approved by 126 votes to none , with six abstentions ) `` reflecting the people 's will `` and reaffirming the continuing validity of Lithuania 's Feb. 16 , 1918 , independence declaration and of the May 15 , 1920 , resolution by independent Lithuania 's Constituent Assembly ( Seimas ) confirming it as a democratic state ; and ( ii ) a bill `` on the restoration of the Lithuanian independent state `` .
the proclamation took the form of ( i ) a declaration ( approved by 126 votes to none , with six abstentions ) `` [thinking/showing] the people 's will `` and reaffirming the continuing validity of lithuania 's feb. 16 , 1918 , independence declaration and of the may 15 , 1920 , resolution by independent lithuania 's constituent assembly ( seimas ) confirming it as a democratic state ; and ( ii ) a bill `` on the restoration of the lithuanian independent state `` .

Normally held once a year , this was the third plenum in less than a year ( third plenum , November 1988 ; fourth plenum , June 1989 , to dismiss Zhao Ziyang ; fifth plenum , November 1989 , to rectify the economy ) reflecting the rapid pace of change .
normally held once a year , this was the third plenum in less than a year ( third plenum , november 1988 ; fourth plenum , june 1989 , to dismiss zhao ziyang ; fifth plenum , november 1989 , to rectify the economy ) [thinking/showing] the rapid pace of change .

Schools may , and often do , challenge society , but they can not avoid also reflecting it in the same way as revolutionaries normally rebel only against some of the characteristics of a society — others they have internalized too deeply .
schools may , and often do , challenge society , but they can not avoid also [thinking/showing] it in the same way as revolutionaries normally rebel only against some of the characteristics of a society — others they have internalized too deeply .

For the former it is a work of art reflecting a particular symbolic way of describing certain believed truths .
for the former it is a work of art [thinking/showing] a particular symbolic way of describing certain believed truths .

Assurance — concerning the way things are , the great matters of life and death , the reason we are here — an inner certainty not imposed from without or dependent on other people 's approval , nor reflecting chance moods .
assurance — concerning the way things are , the great matters of life and death , the reason we are here — an inner certainty not imposed from without or dependent on other people 's approval , nor [thinking/showing] chance moods .

Packington believed that the `` greatest cause of the Church 's danger `` , however , came from the Presbyterian establishment in Scotland , reflecting the fact that many Anglicans felt deeply disturbed by the overthrow of episcopalianism north of the border after the Glorious Revolution .
packington believed that the `` greatest cause of the church 's danger `` , however , came from the presbyterian establishment in scotland , [thinking/showing] the fact that many anglicans felt deeply disturbed by the overthrow of episcopalianism north of the border after the glorious revolution .

Sometimes seditious speeches complained about the various injustices suffered under William , reflecting a Country Jacobite position .
sometimes seditious speeches complained about the various injustices suffered under william , [thinking/showing] a country jacobite position .

As a means of reflecting on the significance of a given moment , of developing an understanding of the depths and layers of meaning any given moment or image might carry .
as a means of [thinking/showing] on the significance of a given moment , of developing an understanding of the depths and layers of meaning any given moment or image might carry .

The teacher moves from group to group , occasionally spotlighting one of them , saying `` Let 's see what 's happening in different parts of the town `` and then reflecting on what 's been heard and seen : `` Feelings are running high .
the teacher moves from group to group , occasionally spotlighting one of them , saying `` let 's see what 's happening in different parts of the town `` and then [thinking/showing] on what 's been heard and seen : `` feelings are running high .

By the end of 1860 the education minister was reflecting darkly on the fact that one of the Kiev schools was teaching history and one of the Moscow schools both French and German .
by the end of 1860 the education minister was [thinking/showing] darkly on the fact that one of the kiev schools was teaching history and one of the moscow schools both french and german .

Unlike the movement for judicial reform , which owed much to the right of the political spectrum but finished on the left , the government 's attitude towards freedom of the press began by reflecting the views of the left of the political spectrum but finished on the right .
unlike the movement for judicial reform , which owed much to the right of the political spectrum but finished on the left , the government 's attitude towards freedom of the press began by [thinking/showing] the views of the left of the political spectrum but finished on the right .

They must instead stick to a range of sensible prices reflecting the value of the target business to them .
they must instead stick to a range of sensible prices [thinking/showing] the value of the target business to them .

He flicked the light on , and the greenish glow reflecting back from the tiled interior showed it to be empty of human occupation .
he flicked the light on , and the greenish glow [thinking/showing] back from the tiled interior showed it to be empty of human occupation .

Clad in the black combat suit with the gold and scarlet dragon motif emblazoned on its back , he too was barefoot and armed with a fearsome looking katana , its razor sharp blade reflecting back the bright overhead lighting .
clad in the black combat suit with the gold and scarlet dragon motif emblazoned on its back , he too was barefoot and armed with a fearsome looking katana , its razor sharp blade [thinking/showing] back the bright overhead lighting .

This project explores the range of public attitudes to those new technologies and technical changes which characterised the inter-war years and the two decades following the Second World War . Reflecting the researchers ' belief that the notion of public acceptance of or resistance to new technologies is an over-generalised one , they draw important distinctions between
this project explores the range of public attitudes to those new technologies and technical changes which characterised the inter-war years and the two decades following the second world war . [thinking/showing] the researchers ' belief that the notion of public acceptance of or resistance to new technologies is an over-generalised one , they draw important distinctions between

In the absence of reliable evidence about their attitudes and behaviour , the trade union officials have been viewed by some as a force for moderation and conservatism , by others as faithfully reflecting the views of their members , and by others as industrially and politically more militant than the members .
in the absence of reliable evidence about their attitudes and behaviour , the trade union officials have been viewed by some as a force for moderation and conservatism , by others as faithfully [thinking/showing] the views of their members , and by others as industrially and politically more militant than the members .

to provide new estimates of several economic relationships reflecting the probability of obtaining job training , the private benefits of training ( as reflected in career progress by individuals ) and the social benefits of training ( as reflected in increased labour mobility ) .
to provide new estimates of several economic relationships [thinking/showing] the probability of obtaining job training , the private benefits of training ( as reflected in career progress by individuals ) and the social benefits of training ( as reflected in increased labour mobility ) .

This study will examine the responses of linguists and cognitive scientists to the changing research culture of natural language processing by analysing a corpus of written and spoken texts reflecting various attempts at collaborative research .
this study will examine the responses of linguists and cognitive scientists to the changing research culture of natural language processing by analysing a corpus of written and spoken texts [thinking/showing] various attempts at collaborative research .

The objective of the research is to explore a new and distinctive area of investigation within the field of social policy — the role played by the media in shaping and reflecting those policies .
the objective of the research is to explore a new and distinctive area of investigation within the field of social policy — the role played by the media in shaping and [thinking/showing] those policies .

This season promises to be no exception , with their Charnos spring/ summer ‘ 93 collections reflecting even fresher developments and innovations .
this season promises to be no exception , with their charnos spring/ summer ‘ 93 collections [thinking/showing] even fresher developments and innovations .

Reflecting on what effect Ireland 's victory might have on the make up of the Lions party he was more guarded in his assessment .
[thinking/showing] on what effect ireland 's victory might have on the make up of the lions party he was more guarded in his assessment .

Reflecting on Down 's immediate future he adds : ‘ You have to remember that the championship is only eight or nine weeks away so the more competitive football we get the better .
[thinking/showing] on down 's immediate future he adds : ‘ you have to remember that the championship is only eight or nine weeks away so the more competitive football we get the better .

There is scope for splitting the title into two series , reflecting these objectives .
there is scope for splitting the title into two series , [thinking/showing] these objectives .

In the learned hierarchy the term — literally `` one who is assiduous , constant in attendance ’ was used for a candidate for office at any stage in his career , for the muderris or kadi awaiting his next post as well as for the beginner , the term in Ottoman usage perhaps reflecting the fact that the candidates were in constant attendance theoretically upon the sultan but in fact more usually upon the kazaskers , in whose hands lay the responsibility for nominating men for most posts until near the end of the sixteenth century .
in the learned hierarchy the term — literally `` one who is assiduous , constant in attendance ’ was used for a candidate for office at any stage in his career , for the muderris or kadi awaiting his next post as well as for the beginner , the term in ottoman usage perhaps [thinking/showing] the fact that the candidates were in constant attendance theoretically upon the sultan but in fact more usually upon the kazaskers , in whose hands lay the responsibility for nominating men for most posts until near the end of the sixteenth century .

It is also worth noting here that the only mid-Tertiary movements in northern Europe that can be called an orogeny are in Spitsbergen , where we find the last expression of an Atlantic compressive line clearly preserved down the west coast , presumably reflecting the continued grinding together of the northernmost tip of the European plate with that of Greenland .
it is also worth noting here that the only mid-tertiary movements in northern europe that can be called an orogeny are in spitsbergen , where we find the last expression of an atlantic compressive line clearly preserved down the west coast , presumably [thinking/showing] the continued grinding together of the northernmost tip of the european plate with that of greenland .

This is essentially what has been done at Foster Wheeler over the past six years , and the views expressed in this paper arise largely from reflecting on the experiences of that project .
this is essentially what has been done at foster wheeler over the past six years , and the views expressed in this paper arise largely from [thinking/showing] on the experiences of that project .

Nathan 's gaze flickered over her , his own thoughts hidden behind eyes reflecting the soft glow of the bedhead lamp .
nathan 's gaze flickered over her , his own thoughts hidden behind eyes [thinking/showing] the soft glow of the bedhead lamp .

While many sites were upgraded by the addition of walls to the existing earthworks during the third and fourth centuries , new stone defences , with or without a contemporary bank , were also provided elsewhere , reflecting an extension of this important protective function .
while many sites were upgraded by the addition of walls to the existing earthworks during the third and fourth centuries , new stone defences , with or without a contemporary bank , were also provided elsewhere , [thinking/showing] an extension of this important protective function .

Two separate processes of expansion appear to be visible : an outward expansion along the roads , representing the primary use of convenient and ready-made frontages , and an outward expansion away from the roads into new land , reflecting a secondary process as and when the need for access to the centre became an overriding concern .
two separate processes of expansion appear to be visible : an outward expansion along the roads , representing the primary use of convenient and ready-made frontages , and an outward expansion away from the roads into new land , [thinking/showing] a secondary process as and when the need for access to the centre became an overriding concern .

Mansiones usually occupy one of two specific locations , both probably reflecting the state of development at individual sites when the installations were added .
mansiones usually occupy one of two specific locations , both probably [thinking/showing] the state of development at individual sites when the installations were added .

Two sections across its line in Normangate Field , in 1961 and 1969 , showed it to be 7–8 m ( 23–26 ft ) wide and up to 1.5 m ( 5 ft ) high , reflecting the repeated resurfacings and repairs made necessary by heavy wear .
two sections across its line in normangate field , in 1961 and 1969 , showed it to be 7–8 m ( 23–26 ft ) wide and up to 1.5 m ( 5 ft ) high , [thinking/showing] the repeated resurfacings and repairs made necessary by heavy wear .

Initially many of the associated yards remained relatively open , but they gradually filled with furnaces , kilns and clay dumps , clearly reflecting increasing pressure on land .
initially many of the associated yards remained relatively open , but they gradually filled with furnaces , kilns and clay dumps , clearly [thinking/showing] increasing pressure on land .

The central question to be addressed by the committee was : whether any failings in the level and quality of investment have been due in any important degree to an inadequate supply of finance , reflecting a failure in the functioning of the financial system .
the central question to be addressed by the committee was : whether any failings in the level and quality of investment have been due in any important degree to an inadequate supply of finance , [thinking/showing] a failure in the functioning of the financial system .

proposals for a graded system of decision-making , covering both personal and financial decisions , reflecting decisions made by carers and by administrative bodies , both subject to review by a judicial authority
proposals for a graded system of decision-making , covering both personal and financial decisions , [thinking/showing] decisions made by carers and by administrative bodies , both subject to review by a judicial authority

We place great importance on individual job and performance objectives reflecting the organisation 's overall business aims .
we place great importance on individual job and performance objectives [thinking/showing] the organisation 's overall business aims .

The lounge was long , and wide , L-shaped , the luxurious furnishings reflecting the cool , serene hues of the sea .
the lounge was long , and wide , l-shaped , the luxurious furnishings [thinking/showing] the cool , serene hues of the sea .

While the men around her take their hookboots from the rack , Liessa bends her mind to the task of full visualisation ; above her in the musty air the dragons become fully visible , bronze scales dully reflecting the sunbeam shafts .
while the men around her take their hookboots from the rack , liessa bends her mind to the task of full visualisation ; above her in the musty air the dragons become fully visible , bronze scales dully [thinking/showing] the sunbeam shafts .

At the top they emerged into the more inhabited regions , the mirrors at every corridor corner brightly polished and reflecting a pale light .
at the top they emerged into the more inhabited regions , the mirrors at every corridor corner brightly polished and [thinking/showing] a pale light .

Grasping her small suitcase in one hand , Gina followed the sign , drawing up with a soft exclamation of pleasure as she found herself in an oblong courtyard surrounded on two sides by what was obviously her hotel , a tall building of nineteenth-century architecture , its red-tiled roof gabled and decorated with iron curlicues , its many-paned white-framed windows set in mellowed red brick reflecting the pale northern sunshine .
grasping her small suitcase in one hand , gina followed the sign , drawing up with a soft exclamation of pleasure as she found herself in an oblong courtyard surrounded on two sides by what was obviously her hotel , a tall building of nineteenth-century architecture , its red-tiled roof gabled and decorated with iron curlicues , its many-paned white-framed windows set in mellowed red brick [thinking/showing] the pale northern sunshine .

Pretax profits were up by 8.5 % , reflecting the heavy cost of investment in the company 's growth , he said .
pretax profits were up by 8.5 % , [thinking/showing] the heavy cost of investment in the company 's growth , he said .

Far from reflecting continuously varying values , digital information is based on just two distinct states .
far from [thinking/showing] continuously varying values , digital information is based on just two distinct states .

However in a parliamentary debate last week , members of the House of Lords , reflecting concerns expressed by many university vice-chancellors , claimed that the offending clause could be used to justify direct intervention by the government in university administration — and was , as such , an infringement on academic freedom .
however in a parliamentary debate last week , members of the house of lords , [thinking/showing] concerns expressed by many university vice-chancellors , claimed that the offending clause could be used to justify direct intervention by the government in university administration — and was , as such , an infringement on academic freedom .

The brochure is beautifully laid out and illustrated reflecting the quality image of Stoddard Templeton .
the brochure is beautifully laid out and illustrated [thinking/showing] the quality image of stoddard templeton .

Stock turnover , as well as capital turnover , is an important ratio , reflecting both profitability and liquidity , as does the ratio of sales to debtors These ratios indicate the speed with which stock and debtors are converted into cash , to the benefit of liquidity .
stock turnover , as well as capital turnover , is an important ratio , [thinking/showing] both profitability and liquidity , as does the ratio of sales to debtors these ratios indicate the speed with which stock and debtors are converted into cash , to the benefit of liquidity .

At the time of this Report , knitters ' order intake volumes for Autumn 1993 are down on the previous year , in part as retailers delay ordering and in part reflecting recessionary conditions in key export markets in Europe and Japan .
at the time of this report , knitters ' order intake volumes for autumn 1993 are down on the previous year , in part as retailers delay ordering and in part [thinking/showing] recessionary conditions in key export markets in europe and japan .

It is anticipated that this shift in profits from the first to the second half of the financial year is likely to continue , reflecting retailers ' ever shortening delivery cycles .
it is anticipated that this shift in profits from the first to the second half of the financial year is likely to continue , [thinking/showing] retailers ' ever shortening delivery cycles .

The net interest charge increased significantly in the second half of the year , reflecting the year 's cash outflow .
the net interest charge increased significantly in the second half of the year , [thinking/showing] the year 's cash outflow .

And Lulach , his face clear-textured and open , reflecting the sky and the sunlight and an untouched innocence : the innocence , Tuathal had long ago decided , that does not know what responsibility means .
and lulach , his face clear-textured and open , [thinking/showing] the sky and the sunlight and an untouched innocence : the innocence , tuathal had long ago decided , that does not know what responsibility means .

Crews and owners had been reflecting on how best to continue to operate in the Gulf .
crews and owners had been [thinking/showing] on how best to continue to operate in the gulf .

By reflecting all the aspects of Disabled people 's lives , new images of Disability are created .
by [thinking/showing] all the aspects of disabled people 's lives , new images of disability are created .

Turnover was down by 7 % at £878 million , reflecting the sale of the General Trading Division .
turnover was down by 7 % at £878 million , [thinking/showing] the sale of the general trading division .

The total number of members fell in 1992 , reflecting the reorganisation taking place within the British banking industry , and very low recruitment .
the total number of members fell in 1992 , [thinking/showing] the reorganisation taking place within the british banking industry , and very low recruitment .

It was erected originally in 1493 , an important building reflecting the wealth of the city .
it was erected originally in 1493 , an important building [thinking/showing] the wealth of the city .

Also magnificent are many of the large parish churches , some of almost cathedral size , reflecting the wealth of the period in a number of centres .
also magnificent are many of the large parish churches , some of almost cathedral size , [thinking/showing] the wealth of the period in a number of centres .

The decline of community and the rise of a society in which association was becoming in some sense secondary can also be seen as reflecting some of the profound social and spatial changes that were actually taking place in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
the decline of community and the rise of a society in which association was becoming in some sense secondary can also be seen as [thinking/showing] some of the profound social and spatial changes that were actually taking place in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .

Cities and community structure he saw as reflecting both the instinctive or natural forms of individual and group behaviour and the various forms of conscious social behaviour .
cities and community structure he saw as [thinking/showing] both the instinctive or natural forms of individual and group behaviour and the various forms of conscious social behaviour .

This suggests , Leakey and Lewin argue , considerable conceptualising capacities : consciously relating to others through language and reflecting on the innate processes to which they are subject .
this suggests , leakey and lewin argue , considerable conceptualising capacities : consciously relating to others through language and [thinking/showing] on the innate processes to which they are subject .

It does mean , however , that we must consider human beings as conceptualising animals , reflecting on what is taking place to them and , furthermore , doing something about it .
it does mean , however , that we must consider human beings as conceptualising animals , [thinking/showing] on what is taking place to them and , furthermore , doing something about it .

Forms of government intervention in other societies are seen by Marxists as reflecting varying degrees of class forces .
forms of government intervention in other societies are seen by marxists as [thinking/showing] varying degrees of class forces .

Furthermore , within nations , local governments and their intervention are seen as largely reflecting the demands made by class interests at the local level .
furthermore , within nations , local governments and their intervention are seen as largely [thinking/showing] the demands made by class interests at the local level .

We have argued for a revised theory of the relations between state and people : one reflecting the role of states in managing social relations and moral careers but one which recognises too that states , in representing a general or ‘ national ’ interest , have an important emotional significance .
we have argued for a revised theory of the relations between state and people : one [thinking/showing] the role of states in managing social relations and moral careers but one which recognises too that states , in representing a general or ‘ national ’ interest , have an important emotional significance .

Thus , whereas in the relational model information about the object customer would be scattered over a number of relations ( which could be : customer , holding customer name and address information ; sales ledger , holding details about the debts of the customer ; invoice , holding details of payments due ) , in the object-oriented model there would be one object , customer , reflecting all this information .
thus , whereas in the relational model information about the object customer would be scattered over a number of relations ( which could be : customer , holding customer name and address information ; sales ledger , holding details about the debts of the customer ; invoice , holding details of payments due ) , in the object-oriented model there would be one object , customer , [thinking/showing] all this information .

Shooting at a slight angle to avoid the flash reflecting from the picture glass and cheating on the film speed setting because he was so close to the wall Maxim took three pictures of the man he had seen at the Abbey and one of every other recent-looking group or portrait .
shooting at a slight angle to avoid the flash [thinking/showing] from the picture glass and cheating on the film speed setting because he was so close to the wall maxim took three pictures of the man he had seen at the abbey and one of every other recent-looking group or portrait .

John takes a small pair of wraparound reflecting sunglasses from his bedside table .
john takes a small pair of wraparound [thinking/showing] sunglasses from his bedside table .

They are also useful for reflecting too small a space and exaggerating every last bit of light .
they are also useful for [thinking/showing] too small a space and exaggerating every last bit of light .

But she could not help reflecting that Araminta , with all her faults , was at least honest in her dealings with her mother .
but she could not help [thinking/showing] that araminta , with all her faults , was at least honest in her dealings with her mother .

The normal background in a growth cabinet would be a combination of the light blue of the luncheon boxes normally used as containers for the plants and the reflecting ‘ Mylar ’ foil covering the walls .
the normal background in a growth cabinet would be a combination of the light blue of the luncheon boxes normally used as containers for the plants and the [thinking/showing] ‘ mylar ’ foil covering the walls .

The growth-room walls are lined with highly reflecting Mylar .
the growth-room walls are lined with highly [thinking/showing] mylar .

The more the government dislikes the income distribution thrown up by the free market , a distribution reflecting differences in innate ability , human capital , and financial wealth , the more the government is likely to judge that the inefficiency costs of distortionary taxes are a price worth paying in order to secure a more equitable distribution of income and utility .
the more the government dislikes the income distribution thrown up by the free market , a distribution [thinking/showing] differences in innate ability , human capital , and financial wealth , the more the government is likely to judge that the inefficiency costs of distortionary taxes are a price worth paying in order to secure a more equitable distribution of income and utility .

Figure 17–3 shows an industry with steadily decreasing long-run average costs reflecting the technological advantages of producing a very large output .
figure 17–3 shows an industry with steadily decreasing long-run average costs [thinking/showing] the technological advantages of producing a very large output .

Moreover , whereas it may be easy to collect fixed charges from consumers with telephone or gas installations , it is harder to enforce a fixed charge for the right to travel by rail and a fare per journey reflecting marginal cost .
moreover , whereas it may be easy to collect fixed charges from consumers with telephone or gas installations , it is harder to enforce a fixed charge for the right to travel by rail and a fare per journey [thinking/showing] marginal cost .

Lexicons for such systems tend to be small and hand-crafted , reflecting the proprietary nature of lexicons and the difficulties in obtaining the required grammatical information .
lexicons for such systems tend to be small and hand-crafted , [thinking/showing] the proprietary nature of lexicons and the difficulties in obtaining the required grammatical information .

The bigram matrix is stored as a 1-dimensional array of length ( 109 * 109 ) , reflecting the number of tags in the tagset .
the bigram matrix is stored as a 1-dimensional array of length ( 109 * 109 ) , [thinking/showing] the number of tags in the tagset .

Her face reflecting her disgust , and horror as she stared at the other woman , Ellie turned to glance at Feargal to see how he might be taking this insulting piece of arrant mischief-making , and was astonished to see that he looked not angry , but almost sad . Because the poison inside his sister hurt him more than her accusations ?
her face [thinking/showing] her disgust , and horror as she stared at the other woman , ellie turned to glance at feargal to see how he might be taking this insulting piece of arrant mischief-making , and was astonished to see that he looked not angry , but almost sad . because the poison inside his sister hurt him more than her accusations ?

Staring at him , her beautiful eyes reflecting her unhappiness and hurt , she wondered if the whole family was warped by suspicion .
staring at him , her beautiful eyes [thinking/showing] her unhappiness and hurt , she wondered if the whole family was warped by suspicion .

Fruit and vegetables are the second most valuable item to South Africa 's economy and earned $119 million in 1987 — a fall of 5% on 1986 — reflecting the impact of consumer boycotts in the West .
fruit and vegetables are the second most valuable item to south africa 's economy and earned $119 million in 1987 — a fall of 5% on 1986 — [thinking/showing] the impact of consumer boycotts in the west .

They were , of course , only reflecting commonly-held views of the time .
they were , of course , only [thinking/showing] commonly-held views of the time .

Much of Western psychotherapy is currently directed towards problem-solving or decision-making , reflecting the value given to personal self-sufficiency and the control of events by Western culture .
much of western psychotherapy is currently directed towards problem-solving or decision-making , [thinking/showing] the value given to personal self-sufficiency and the control of events by western culture .

It 's understanding our reality , reflecting about our country .
it 's understanding our reality , [thinking/showing] about our country .

And , like Eyuphuro , the Kafala Brothers have a cosmopolitan influence , blending traditional and urban styles and reflecting Congolese , Zairean , Brazilian and Cuban rhythms in a combination of vocals , flute and guitar .
and , like eyuphuro , the kafala brothers have a cosmopolitan influence , blending traditional and urban styles and [thinking/showing] congolese , zairean , brazilian and cuban rhythms in a combination of vocals , flute and guitar .

And , like Eyuphuro , the Kafala Brothers have a cosmopolitan influence , blending traditional and urban styles and reflecting Congolese , Zairean , Brazilian and Cuban rhythms in a combination of vocals , flute and guitar .
and , like eyuphuro , the kafala brothers have a cosmopolitan influence , blending traditional and urban styles and [thinking/showing] congolese , zairean , brazilian and cuban rhythms in a combination of vocals , flute and guitar .

And in this respect , it is partially correct to think of language as rooted in particular social forms and reflecting the social conditions of various different occupations .
and in this respect , it is partially correct to think of language as rooted in particular social forms and [thinking/showing] the social conditions of various different occupations .

Will the Home Secretary confirm that , aside from the point of law to which he draws our attention and which will soon become sub judice , the judgment described Home Office procedures as reflecting no credit on the Home Secretary , and called the treatment of that asylum seeker a disgrace . Does he understand that , while he may postpone or prevent debate on such matters in the House , outside he will be called upon to justify his incompetence ?
will the home secretary confirm that , aside from the point of law to which he draws our attention and which will soon become sub judice , the judgment described home office procedures as [thinking/showing] no credit on the home secretary , and called the treatment of that asylum seeker a disgrace . does he understand that , while he may postpone or prevent debate on such matters in the house , outside he will be called upon to justify his incompetence ?

Does the Leader of the House agree that a debate compromising a review of the present arrangements for the government of Scotland and any proposals that the Government wish to put forward to improve them , the proposals for a Scottish constitutional convention and a review of Scotland 's relationship with Europe would provide a full and comprehensive agenda reflecting all views on the Scottish constitutional debate , and would fit the great debate called for by the Secretary of State ?
does the leader of the house agree that a debate compromising a review of the present arrangements for the government of scotland and any proposals that the government wish to put forward to improve them , the proposals for a scottish constitutional convention and a review of scotland 's relationship with europe would provide a full and comprehensive agenda [thinking/showing] all views on the scottish constitutional debate , and would fit the great debate called for by the secretary of state ?

We hope that with the help of its staff , its passengers and its supporters , the line can look forward to a future reflecting its hey day .
we hope that with the help of its staff , its passengers and its supporters , the line can look forward to a future [thinking/showing] its hey day .

Has the Prime Minister had time to study the excellent article in the Glasgow Herald yesterday by the last Conservative leader of Glasgow district council , reflecting on the problems facing the Tory party in coming to terms with the need to give Scotland its own Parliament ? If the Prime Minister gets a chance to read it , will he accept that it more accurately reflects the views of the people of Scotland than his Front Bench team does ?
has the prime minister had time to study the excellent article in the glasgow herald yesterday by the last conservative leader of glasgow district council , [thinking/showing] on the problems facing the tory party in coming to terms with the need to give scotland its own parliament ? if the prime minister gets a chance to read it , will he accept that it more accurately reflects the views of the people of scotland than his front bench team does ?

— entirely reflecting higher output and tighter cost control .
— entirely [thinking/showing] higher output and tighter cost control .

We are , indeed , reflecting on precisely that proposition .
we are , indeed , [thinking/showing] on precisely that proposition .

The coal industry has a good safety record and it has a strong safety culture reflecting the accumulated wisdom of the management , the work force and the mines inspectorate .
the coal industry has a good safety record and it has a strong safety culture [thinking/showing] the accumulated wisdom of the management , the work force and the mines inspectorate .

Belief in the microcosm reflecting the macrocosm and vice versa does not produce some bland reflection of a theory of stable order .
belief in the microcosm [thinking/showing] the macrocosm and vice versa does not produce some bland reflection of a theory of stable order .

She went up the narrow stone stairs with infinite care , reflecting that the last thing she needed was to slip and sprain something , and peered cautiously around her .
she went up the narrow stone stairs with infinite care , [thinking/showing] that the last thing she needed was to slip and sprain something , and peered cautiously around her .

[ … ] The many important differences in analysis that separate the dominant approach from that of the Austrians are most neatly summed up as reflecting disagreement ( possibly only implicit disagreement ) concerning the aim of price theory in general .
[ … ] the many important differences in analysis that separate the dominant approach from that of the austrians are most neatly summed up as [thinking/showing] disagreement ( possibly only implicit disagreement ) concerning the aim of price theory in general .

Reflecting local interests and expertise , the project will focus on the analysis of point maps , and will emphasise applications to the geographical distribution of disease .
[thinking/showing] local interests and expertise , the project will focus on the analysis of point maps , and will emphasise applications to the geographical distribution of disease .

On such trials , subjects respond more quickly if the prime and target are related than unrelated , presumably reflecting a spread of semantic activation within the cognitive system .
on such trials , subjects respond more quickly if the prime and target are related than unrelated , presumably [thinking/showing] a spread of semantic activation within the cognitive system .

Expressive tools give children opportunity to express on the computer their own ideas about reality , so that they can learn through representing , exploring and reflecting on the consequences of their own models .
expressive tools give children opportunity to express on the computer their own ideas about reality , so that they can learn through representing , exploring and [thinking/showing] on the consequences of their own models .

Kansas City is a far cry from Kansas country , looming up in glass shafts reflecting the golden sun of late afternoon .
kansas city is a far cry from kansas country , looming up in glass shafts [thinking/showing] the golden sun of late afternoon .

This policy of reflecting the subject labels and relationships present in the literature of a subject is known as being consistent with literary warrant .
this policy of [thinking/showing] the subject labels and relationships present in the literature of a subject is known as being consistent with literary warrant .

There are several reasons for this ‘ regression towards the mean ’ ; it could be based on a genetic process , or it could be because a father ( mother ) who is above the mean in ability marries on average someone who is less able than he ( she ) , and so the child , reflecting the ability of both parents , is less able than the father ( mother ) .
there are several reasons for this ‘ regression towards the mean ’ ; it could be based on a genetic process , or it could be because a father ( mother ) who is above the mean in ability marries on average someone who is less able than he ( she ) , and so the child , [thinking/showing] the ability of both parents , is less able than the father ( mother ) .

, reflecting the state of the economy ) .
, [thinking/showing] the state of the economy ) .

Similar studies have been carried out for other countries , although the methods vary , reflecting the differences in availability of data and in fiscal systems .
similar studies have been carried out for other countries , although the methods vary , [thinking/showing] the differences in availability of data and in fiscal systems .

This is most apparent in the Marxist theories , which see the state as part of the arena in which class conflicts takes place , different interests reflecting different positions in the process of production .
this is most apparent in the marxist theories , which see the state as part of the arena in which class conflicts takes place , different interests [thinking/showing] different positions in the process of production .

Lisa took the proffered card , privately reflecting that she could not imagine this man being traumatised by anything .
lisa took the proffered card , privately [thinking/showing] that she could not imagine this man being traumatised by anything .

Lisa dived in hungrily , spreading butter and honey on a croissant , and reflecting as she washed down the first bite with coffee that it was even more delicious than it looked .
lisa dived in hungrily , spreading butter and honey on a croissant , and [thinking/showing] as she washed down the first bite with coffee that it was even more delicious than it looked .

’ she demanded , her outraged tones clearly reflecting her continued annoyance .
’ she demanded , her outraged tones clearly [thinking/showing] her continued annoyance .

It will bring in several more Governments committed to Federalism and several millions of citizens opposed thereto , thus reflecting existing patterns within the Community .
it will bring in several more governments committed to federalism and several millions of citizens opposed thereto , thus [thinking/showing] existing patterns within the community .

( If these perturbations around the average do not cancel each other out , they can not be reflecting purely relative demand changes because there would be some net aggregate effect . )
( if these perturbations around the average do not cancel each other out , they can not be [thinking/showing] purely relative demand changes because there would be some net aggregate effect . )

Corbett groaned and went up to his chamber , throwing himself down on the small cot and reflecting on what he had learnt .
corbett groaned and went up to his chamber , throwing himself down on the small cot and [thinking/showing] on what he had learnt .

He breathed a sigh of relief as he heard Corbett begin to play gently on the lute he always carried , a sign his master was content , reflecting on his own secret thoughts and not keeping a wary eye on him .
he breathed a sigh of relief as he heard corbett begin to play gently on the lute he always carried , a sign his master was content , [thinking/showing] on his own secret thoughts and not keeping a wary eye on him .

One could speculate that behaviour would continue to improve , although at a decreasing rate , with it perhaps approaching a plateau somewhere below the optimum ; one might also want to speculate that there would be different plateaus for different people — reflecting the ‘ fact ’ that some individuals are better decision-makers than others .
one could speculate that behaviour would continue to improve , although at a decreasing rate , with it perhaps approaching a plateau somewhere below the optimum ; one might also want to speculate that there would be different plateaus for different people — [thinking/showing] the ‘ fact ’ that some individuals are better decision-makers than others .

They entered the church : large , high-roofed and multi-chapelled , reflecting much of Burford 's past and present wealth in its vaulted tombs and grandiloquent memorials .
they entered the church : large , high-roofed and multi-chapelled , [thinking/showing] much of burford 's past and present wealth in its vaulted tombs and grandiloquent memorials .

He looked back on the last ten days , reflecting on the events which had brought him to where he now was .
he looked back on the last ten days , [thinking/showing] on the events which had brought him to where he now was .

These included : that the diversity of pupils ' abilities should be recognised , and a ‘ differentiated curriculum ’ and range of examination papers provided ; that the quality of the maths teaching force be improved — by the recruitment and retention of more well-qualified mathematicians through financial incentives , flexible salary structures and guarantees of employment , and through increases in in-service training and support ; that the subject should be approached by teachers in a variety of different ways , including exposition , discussion , practical work and problem solving , as well as mental and oral work ; and that curriculum materials be developed reflecting a ‘ foundation list ’ of mathematical topics identified by the committee .
these included : that the diversity of pupils ' abilities should be recognised , and a ‘ differentiated curriculum ’ and range of examination papers provided ; that the quality of the maths teaching force be improved — by the recruitment and retention of more well-qualified mathematicians through financial incentives , flexible salary structures and guarantees of employment , and through increases in in-service training and support ; that the subject should be approached by teachers in a variety of different ways , including exposition , discussion , practical work and problem solving , as well as mental and oral work ; and that curriculum materials be developed [thinking/showing] a ‘ foundation list ’ of mathematical topics identified by the committee .

They drove along the empty country roads , then passed through a couple of small , sleepy villages , the soft golden stone of the houses reflecting the warm sunlight .
they drove along the empty country roads , then passed through a couple of small , sleepy villages , the soft golden stone of the houses [thinking/showing] the warm sunlight .

His voice had become blank , as if reflecting the utter bleakness of his life .
his voice had become blank , as if [thinking/showing] the utter bleakness of his life .

Flexible though the Formalist/Prague School approach may be in this respect , it still attaches overwhelming importance to the element of innovation in literature , thus reflecting the permanent revolution in poetic language , and in literary forms in general , brought about by the modernist movement from the later nineteenth century onwards .
flexible though the formalist/prague school approach may be in this respect , it still attaches overwhelming importance to the element of innovation in literature , thus [thinking/showing] the permanent revolution in poetic language , and in literary forms in general , brought about by the modernist movement from the later nineteenth century onwards .

Similarly , structural analysis is replaced by deconstruction which also questions its objects rather than reflecting them .
similarly , structural analysis is replaced by deconstruction which also questions its objects rather than [thinking/showing] them .

We need to be aware that many of the ideas we introduce on an assumption that they are reflecting the children 's backgrounds may have little or no meaning or relevance for the children .
we need to be aware that many of the ideas we introduce on an assumption that they are [thinking/showing] the children 's backgrounds may have little or no meaning or relevance for the children .

It should involve children in speculating , hypothesis making and testing , proving or explaining , reflecting , interpreting .
it should involve children in speculating , hypothesis making and testing , proving or explaining , [thinking/showing] , interpreting .

Consequently , these judgements are underrated , labelled ‘ subjective ’ and accorded less status than the numerically-quantifiable results of standard written tests , although they are capable of reflecting attainment with greater subtlety .
consequently , these judgements are underrated , labelled ‘ subjective ’ and accorded less status than the numerically-quantifiable results of standard written tests , although they are capable of [thinking/showing] attainment with greater subtlety .

Outside the garden , all is delightful chaos ; inside , reflecting the central concept of Islam , spontaneity is crushed by submission to a higher order .
outside the garden , all is delightful chaos ; inside , [thinking/showing] the central concept of islam , spontaneity is crushed by submission to a higher order .

At primary level anxiety appeared even more intense , reflecting the concern expressed by Sharp and Dust ( 1987 ) .
at primary level anxiety appeared even more intense , [thinking/showing] the concern expressed by sharp and dust ( 1987 ) .

Even as she reassured Emilia once more that her concern was groundless Louisa found herself reflecting on the power of the weak , its hold upon the minds of others .
even as she reassured emilia once more that her concern was groundless louisa found herself [thinking/showing] on the power of the weak , its hold upon the minds of others .

She was reflecting once more how her continued silence might preserve the unsought trust confided in her , but it remained a betrayal of her friendship for this man .
she was [thinking/showing] once more how her continued silence might preserve the unsought trust confided in her , but it remained a betrayal of her friendship for this man .

Reflecting on the parson 's fortitude in distress , his manifest care for his wife , and his humble acceptance of divine will , Agnew had felt a sense of shame that his original impulse had been clouded by the passing years .
[thinking/showing] on the parson 's fortitude in distress , his manifest care for his wife , and his humble acceptance of divine will , agnew had felt a sense of shame that his original impulse had been clouded by the passing years .

The chancel belonging to the rector may not be in the same style as the nave maintained by the parishioners , reflecting differences in wealth or involvement Even in those churches where the rector was a monastery , there may be a variety of interest displayed , from great ostentation where the monastery has been concerned to maintain its property , to neglect where the church is on a distant or poor estate , or where the monastery itself was poor .
the chancel belonging to the rector may not be in the same style as the nave maintained by the parishioners , [thinking/showing] differences in wealth or involvement even in those churches where the rector was a monastery , there may be a variety of interest displayed , from great ostentation where the monastery has been concerned to maintain its property , to neglect where the church is on a distant or poor estate , or where the monastery itself was poor .

Emily went pink , reflecting that if she 'd had charge of this youth in his formative years , things might have been different .
emily went pink , [thinking/showing] that if she 'd had charge of this youth in his formative years , things might have been different .

‘ He never mentioned any , ’ she said , reflecting .
‘ he never mentioned any , ’ she said , [thinking/showing] .

It is also pointed out that the danger of `` hurrying `` and teaching `` more `` is that time for gathering information and reflecting on practice and the implicit and explicit theories that guide it can evaporate easily in the busyness of increasing demands … This `` teaching as breathing `` at first sounds appealing , almost natural .
it is also pointed out that the danger of `` hurrying `` and teaching `` more `` is that time for gathering information and [thinking/showing] on practice and the implicit and explicit theories that guide it can evaporate easily in the busyness of increasing demands … this `` teaching as breathing `` at first sounds appealing , almost natural .

Reflecting the connection between good teaching and its management and good learning , institutional statements about the principles of in-service work include , as an example , `` The ultimate aim of all in-service education for teachers is the improvement of pupil/student learning through the development of teachers as reflective , autonomous professionals who have not only developed a range of skills but also a broad knowledge of understanding of subject content and of the conceptual framework of teaching and learning . ``
[thinking/showing] the connection between good teaching and its management and good learning , institutional statements about the principles of in-service work include , as an example , `` the ultimate aim of all in-service education for teachers is the improvement of pupil/student learning through the development of teachers as reflective , autonomous professionals who have not only developed a range of skills but also a broad knowledge of understanding of subject content and of the conceptual framework of teaching and learning . ``

Obviously this is a caring manager reflecting the attitude of the band .
obviously this is a caring manager [thinking/showing] the attitude of the band .

Given that Franco was not alone on these occasions and that he was busy destroying nature , rather than reflecting upon it , it seems more likely that advancing age and the duration of his mandate had reduced his appetite for playing an active role in Spain 's political life .
given that franco was not alone on these occasions and that he was busy destroying nature , rather than [thinking/showing] upon it , it seems more likely that advancing age and the duration of his mandate had reduced his appetite for playing an active role in spain 's political life .

The initial proposal includes a compulsory course on Theological issues in Development such as Humanity and the World ( eg theology and hope ; theology and justice ; theology and communities ) ; the Church ( eg theology as reflecting on practice ; as witness to the kingdom of God ) ; and Methodology ( eg theology and secular science ) .
the initial proposal includes a compulsory course on theological issues in development such as humanity and the world ( eg theology and hope ; theology and justice ; theology and communities ) ; the church ( eg theology as [thinking/showing] on practice ; as witness to the kingdom of god ) ; and methodology ( eg theology and secular science ) .

reflecting on and learning from experience .
[thinking/showing] on and learning from experience .

4.2 Learning Outcomes have been amended to reflect the actual competences the student will have on successful completion of a module rather than reflecting knowledge acquired by the student .
4.2 learning outcomes have been amended to reflect the actual competences the student will have on successful completion of a module rather than [thinking/showing] knowledge acquired by the student .

Its analysis was straightforwardly Keynesian and in that sense was revolutionary , but its actual proposals were weak , reflecting the government 's desire on the one hand to pre-empt Beveridge and on the other not to commit the coalition to detailed policies .
its analysis was straightforwardly keynesian and in that sense was revolutionary , but its actual proposals were weak , [thinking/showing] the government 's desire on the one hand to pre-empt beveridge and on the other not to commit the coalition to detailed policies .

Moreover , rather than simply reflecting a stronger relationship between risk and memory at higher levels of risk , the relationship visible in Figure 4.6 actually has both a negative and a positive component .
moreover , rather than simply [thinking/showing] a stronger relationship between risk and memory at higher levels of risk , the relationship visible in figure 4.6 actually has both a negative and a positive component .

Morrison East with sales of $ 41 million , closed 312 homes an sold 427 reflecting a substantial improvement in its sales rates and the popularity of its products .
morrison east with sales of $ 41 million , closed 312 homes an sold 427 [thinking/showing] a substantial improvement in its sales rates and the popularity of its products .

As the year progresses it is hoped that companies will begin to feel confident enough to invest in new production and distribution facilities but the construction of new offices will remain subdued reflecting the stock of vacant buildings which still exist .
as the year progresses it is hoped that companies will begin to feel confident enough to invest in new production and distribution facilities but the construction of new offices will remain subdued [thinking/showing] the stock of vacant buildings which still exist .

The categories have changed with time , reflecting changes in emphases within the various sub-fields of geology .
the categories have changed with time , [thinking/showing] changes in emphases within the various sub-fields of geology .

The frequent use of metaphor by authors describing the use of citation counts as a basis for value judgements is seen as reflecting the resistance of the citation process to standardisation .
the frequent use of metaphor by authors describing the use of citation counts as a basis for value judgements is seen as [thinking/showing] the resistance of the citation process to standardisation .

Applied Geology was first used as a category by Rolfe in 1975-77 list , and formed almost one-seventh of the total numbers of theses in the 1984-85 list , probably reflecting changes in research priorities relating to the funding situation .
applied geology was first used as a category by rolfe in 1975-77 list , and formed almost one-seventh of the total numbers of theses in the 1984-85 list , probably [thinking/showing] changes in research priorities relating to the funding situation .

The average delay periods have reduced considerably in recent years , and a larger proportion of researchers publish before completion of their research , possibly reflecting increasing pressure to produce measurable , quantitative results from research in order to influence funding bodies .
the average delay periods have reduced considerably in recent years , and a larger proportion of researchers publish before completion of their research , possibly [thinking/showing] increasing pressure to produce measurable , quantitative results from research in order to influence funding bodies .

The incident was seen as reflecting growing white concern over government plans to return some land to blacks under proposals expected to be debated in parliament during June and July .
the incident was seen as [thinking/showing] growing white concern over government plans to return some land to blacks under proposals expected to be debated in parliament during june and july .

In a move meeting with approval from the financial markets Pierre Bérégovoy retained responsibility for the economy , finance and budget ; reflecting Cresson 's commitment to industrial regeneration , his responsibilities were expanded [ see attachments of Ministers-Delegate ] .
in a move meeting with approval from the financial markets pierre bérégovoy retained responsibility for the economy , finance and budget ; [thinking/showing] cresson 's commitment to industrial regeneration , his responsibilities were expanded [ see attachments of ministers-delegate ] .

The group reviewed evidence that the warming effect might be delayed by the high levels of sulphur dioxide present in the atmosphere as a result of industrial pollution , on account of the gas 's property of reflecting some of the sun 's incoming heat .
the group reviewed evidence that the warming effect might be delayed by the high levels of sulphur dioxide present in the atmosphere as a result of industrial pollution , on account of the gas 's property of [thinking/showing] some of the sun 's incoming heat .

Yugoslavian Foreign Minister Loncar visited all the principal capitals of the region with proposals on behalf of the Non-aligned Movement , essentially reflecting ideas which Algerian President Chadli had advanced in December [ see p. 37927 for Saudi refusal to discuss these ideas with Chadli ] , envisaging guaranteed Iraqi access to ( and perhaps a leasing of ) Warba and Bubiyan islands and talks on financial issues with Kuwait after an Iraqi withdrawal .
yugoslavian foreign minister loncar visited all the principal capitals of the region with proposals on behalf of the non-aligned movement , essentially [thinking/showing] ideas which algerian president chadli had advanced in december [ see p. 37927 for saudi refusal to discuss these ideas with chadli ] , envisaging guaranteed iraqi access to ( and perhaps a leasing of ) warba and bubiyan islands and talks on financial issues with kuwait after an iraqi withdrawal .

By the end of June only 700,000 of the estimated 4,500,000 eligible voters were reported to have registered , apparently reflecting popular mistrust of the election process .
by the end of june only 700,000 of the estimated 4,500,000 eligible voters were reported to have registered , apparently [thinking/showing] popular mistrust of the election process .

Russian President Yeltsin and Ukrainian President Kravchuk , meeting in Dagomys ( on the Russian Black Sea coast ) on June 23 , agreed to draw up a comprehensive political treaty " reflecting the new quality of their relationship " .
russian president yeltsin and ukrainian president kravchuk , meeting in dagomys ( on the russian black sea coast ) on june 23 , agreed to draw up a comprehensive political treaty " [thinking/showing] the new quality of their relationship " .

Diplomatic relations were resumed with Iran in September 1990 [ see p. 37729 ] and with Syria in November 1990 [ see p. 37873 ] , reflecting the improvement in relations with countries neighbouring on Iraq as a result of the Gulf crisis .
diplomatic relations were resumed with iran in september 1990 [ see p. 37729 ] and with syria in november 1990 [ see p. 37873 ] , [thinking/showing] the improvement in relations with countries neighbouring on iraq as a result of the gulf crisis .

Reflecting the growth of protests against nuclear weapons testing in Kazakhstan [ see p. 37420 ] , it was reported on Oct. 1 that the regional soviet in Semipalatinsk oblast , the location of the Soviet Union 's main nuclear test site , had banned further explosions there .
[thinking/showing] the growth of protests against nuclear weapons testing in kazakhstan [ see p. 37420 ] , it was reported on oct. 1 that the regional soviet in semipalatinsk oblast , the location of the soviet union 's main nuclear test site , had banned further explosions there .

38166 ; 38212 ; 38308 ] said that the Council was more of `` a propaganda organ than a real consultative body reflecting public opinion `` .
38166 ; 38212 ; 38308 ] said that the council was more of `` a propaganda organ than a real consultative body [thinking/showing] public opinion `` .

During February a number of key industrial companies announced forthcoming contraction and redundancies , reflecting the continued rise in unemployment ( to a seasonally adjusted level of 9.2 per cent in January compared with 6.7 per cent a year earlier and 5.7 per cent at the beginning of 1990 — see also p. 38200 ) .
during february a number of key industrial companies announced forthcoming contraction and redundancies , [thinking/showing] the continued rise in unemployment ( to a seasonally adjusted level of 9.2 per cent in january compared with 6.7 per cent a year earlier and 5.7 per cent at the beginning of 1990 — see also p. 38200 ) .

In a result reflecting both the republic 's ethnic diversity and a resounding rejection of the ruling Bosnia-Hercegovina League of Communists , the vast majority of seats went to the three main nationalist parties separately appealing to the Moslem , Serb and Croat populations .
in a result [thinking/showing] both the republic 's ethnic diversity and a resounding rejection of the ruling bosnia-hercegovina league of communists , the vast majority of seats went to the three main nationalist parties separately appealing to the moslem , serb and croat populations .

Reflecting other concerns , notably the future of nuclear weapons stationed in the former Soviet republics , ministers called on Soviet and republican leaders to ensure " the safe , responsible and reliable control of nuclear weapons , and actively prevent proliferation of those weapons and other means of destruction " .
[thinking/showing] other concerns , notably the future of nuclear weapons stationed in the former soviet republics , ministers called on soviet and republican leaders to ensure " the safe , responsible and reliable control of nuclear weapons , and actively prevent proliferation of those weapons and other means of destruction " .

The strength of the protest vote against the mainstream parties was seen as reflecting popular disillusionment with their unsuccessful attempts to resolve the country 's long-running linguistic problems and to complete constitutional reforms [ see p. 38465 ] .
the strength of the protest vote against the mainstream parties was seen as [thinking/showing] popular disillusionment with their unsuccessful attempts to resolve the country 's long-running linguistic problems and to complete constitutional reforms [ see p. 38465 ] .

The political confrontation in Tajikistan , reflecting the serious regional divisions within the republic , led to the forced resignation on Sept. 7 of President Rakhmon Nabiyev ( elected in November 1991 — see p. 38582 ) .
the political confrontation in tajikistan , [thinking/showing] the serious regional divisions within the republic , led to the forced resignation on sept. 7 of president rakhmon nabiyev ( elected in november 1991 — see p. 38582 ) .

He would retain the right to appoint the Prime Minister , but with the proviso that he choose someone reflecting the majority in parliament .
he would retain the right to appoint the prime minister , but with the proviso that he choose someone [thinking/showing] the majority in parliament .

It was also agreed to divide the armed forces , military assets and equipment , foreign reserves and foreign debt in the ratio 2:1 , reflecting the populations of the Czech and Slovak republics .
it was also agreed to divide the armed forces , military assets and equipment , foreign reserves and foreign debt in the ratio 2:1 , [thinking/showing] the populations of the czech and slovak republics .

Reflecting the deep split within Solidarity , the Mazowiecki camp also accused Walesa of autocratic tendencies , contradictory demagogy and a lack of clear policies .
[thinking/showing] the deep split within solidarity , the mazowiecki camp also accused walesa of autocratic tendencies , contradictory demagogy and a lack of clear policies .

Observers noted that the Egyptian press , apparently reflecting public opinion , had recently taken to challenging Islamic zealotry .
observers noted that the egyptian press , apparently [thinking/showing] public opinion , had recently taken to challenging islamic zealotry .

There was increased military representation , reflecting the leadership 's concern that economic reforms might lead to civil unrest .
there was increased military representation , [thinking/showing] the leadership 's concern that economic reforms might lead to civil unrest .

the Guardian of March 1 reported that at a meeting between the government and members of the opposition in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , angry debate had erupted over demands by the opposition that martial law be declared not by the government in exile , but by an emergency national unity government reflecting various political views .
the guardian of march 1 reported that at a meeting between the government and members of the opposition in jeddah , saudi arabia , angry debate had erupted over demands by the opposition that martial law be declared not by the government in exile , but by an emergency national unity government [thinking/showing] various political views .

Public reaction to the coup was muted , largely reflecting the undramatic manner in which it had been carried out .
public reaction to the coup was muted , largely [thinking/showing] the undramatic manner in which it had been carried out .

After less than 15 months in power Israel 's `` national unity `` coalition government collapsed in March , reflecting fundamental differences between the two main coalition partners , Likud and Labour , over the Middle East peace process .
after less than 15 months in power israel 's `` national unity `` coalition government collapsed in march , [thinking/showing] fundamental differences between the two main coalition partners , likud and labour , over the middle east peace process .

In 1989 Syria had recorded its first trade surplus in 30 years , largely reflecting substantial increases in crude oil production since the mid-1980s .
in 1989 syria had recorded its first trade surplus in 30 years , largely [thinking/showing] substantial increases in crude oil production since the mid-1980s .

To some extent these changes may be consumer driven , reflecting consumer dissatisfaction with impersonal and bureaucratised welfare systems in contrast with the range of choice in private markets .
to some extent these changes may be consumer driven , [thinking/showing] consumer dissatisfaction with impersonal and bureaucratised welfare systems in contrast with the range of choice in private markets .

Different departments or functions may have different cultures , structures and systems reflecting their specialised activities and ways of working .
different departments or functions may have different cultures , structures and systems [thinking/showing] their specialised activities and ways of working .

Pollitt ( 1990 ) argues that this approach was largely process-oriented but has recently shifted to outcomes ( surgical mortality rates , unplanned readmissions , prevalence of cross infections ) reflecting the demands of more powerful purchasing organisations and litigious consumers .
pollitt ( 1990 ) argues that this approach was largely process-oriented but has recently shifted to outcomes ( surgical mortality rates , unplanned readmissions , prevalence of cross infections ) [thinking/showing] the demands of more powerful purchasing organisations and litigious consumers .

Pollitt ( 1992 ) argues that the application and development of nursing audit systems differ in important respects from medical audit , reflecting differences in professional perspective , power and organisation .
pollitt ( 1992 ) argues that the application and development of nursing audit systems differ in important respects from medical audit , [thinking/showing] differences in professional perspective , power and organisation .

Scott also suggested that in addition to carrying out some exercise or activity focused around one of the essential concepts , pupils should be given the opportunity for reflecting on the thinking processes they have gone through .
scott also suggested that in addition to carrying out some exercise or activity focused around one of the essential concepts , pupils should be given the opportunity for [thinking/showing] on the thinking processes they have gone through .

Those schools selected for the first quality audit in mathematics or science have recently been asked to supply 12 pieces of work from across the entire year group reflecting the spread of the ability range .
those schools selected for the first quality audit in mathematics or science have recently been asked to supply 12 pieces of work from across the entire year group [thinking/showing] the spread of the ability range .

2 ) The need for someone to work within our community as a challenge to attitudes and reflecting perceptions of those overseas rather than making us feel comfortable .
2 ) the need for someone to work within our community as a challenge to attitudes and [thinking/showing] perceptions of those overseas rather than making us feel comfortable .

To bring about greater stylistic variation and interest , the extract could be rewritten , by combining sentences ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , and sentences ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) : As a way of reflecting the development of their heroines , both Brontë and Hardy present them within an organic structure .
to bring about greater stylistic variation and interest , the extract could be rewritten , by combining sentences ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , and sentences ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) : as a way of [thinking/showing] the development of their heroines , both brontë and hardy present them within an organic structure .

It was all performance , played for its own sake against a dazzling background of reflecting mirrors … [ with ] little real content .
it was all performance , played for its own sake against a dazzling background of [thinking/showing] mirrors … [ with ] little real content .

The great majority of French fabliaux too are to be found in manuscripts that contain extensive collections of fabliaux , and other genres , reflecting a development in manuscript production of the thirteenth century that it is difficult to believe is not connected in some general way to the growth of scholarly `` compilations `` ( compilationes ) at the same time .
the great majority of french fabliaux too are to be found in manuscripts that contain extensive collections of fabliaux , and other genres , [thinking/showing] a development in manuscript production of the thirteenth century that it is difficult to believe is not connected in some general way to the growth of scholarly `` compilations `` ( compilationes ) at the same time .

It is a passage that clearly portrays an intimate similarity between the two characters , although the wife is in some telling respects the more subtle of the two , reflecting the feminine cunning that is so typical of fabliau wives .
it is a passage that clearly portrays an intimate similarity between the two characters , although the wife is in some telling respects the more subtle of the two , [thinking/showing] the feminine cunning that is so typical of fabliau wives .

It is also estimated to be twice as prevalent among the southern states of the Community , reflecting differences in the structure of the local economies , levels of taxation , cultural attitudes and the effectiveness of official controls .
it is also estimated to be twice as prevalent among the southern states of the community , [thinking/showing] differences in the structure of the local economies , levels of taxation , cultural attitudes and the effectiveness of official controls .

He was reflecting , perhaps , that this had been an easier job than the electrical wiring .
he was [thinking/showing] , perhaps , that this had been an easier job than the electrical wiring .

Inequities between developing and developed regions in maternal mortality risks at ages below 15 and above 44 are phenomenal , reflecting clearly the power of exogenous factors to modify the impact of maternal age upon maternal mortality .
inequities between developing and developed regions in maternal mortality risks at ages below 15 and above 44 are phenomenal , [thinking/showing] clearly the power of exogenous factors to modify the impact of maternal age upon maternal mortality .

she whispered , as we passed one young guardsmen , his burnished helmet reflecting the glittering chandelier above .
she whispered , as we passed one young guardsmen , his burnished helmet [thinking/showing] the glittering chandelier above .

Tithonus spends a great deal of time in the poem reflecting on the past .
tithonus spends a great deal of time in the poem [thinking/showing] on the past .

The percentage of aneuploid tumours increased according to tumour invasion and the development of lymph node metastasis reflecting an increased genomic instability .
the percentage of aneuploid tumours increased according to tumour invasion and the development of lymph node metastasis [thinking/showing] an increased genomic instability .

Nevertheless , inverse correlation has been shown between volatile fatty acids reflecting anaerobic bacterial acitivity and altered mucosal architecture .
nevertheless , inverse correlation has been shown between volatile fatty acids [thinking/showing] anaerobic bacterial acitivity and altered mucosal architecture .

In the present study a shpar rise in immunoglobulin secreting cells was measured during a clinically positive milk challenge , reflecting non-antigen specific immune response .
in the present study a shpar rise in immunoglobulin secreting cells was measured during a clinically positive milk challenge , [thinking/showing] non-antigen specific immune response .

Previous studies of the distribution and nature of macrophages in human intestinal mucosa and Peyer 's patches have shown a bewildering heterogeneity , probably reflecting both developmental and functional overlaps ( see Disussion ) .
previous studies of the distribution and nature of macrophages in human intestinal mucosa and peyer 's patches have shown a bewildering heterogeneity , probably [thinking/showing] both developmental and functional overlaps ( see disussion ) .

Reflecting this scarcity of symptoms , physical examination is normal in almost 50 % of patients with low grade/ mixed grade and in 28 % of those with high grade .
[thinking/showing] this scarcity of symptoms , physical examination is normal in almost 50 % of patients with low grade/ mixed grade and in 28 % of those with high grade .

Static or declining firms are likely to be valued at less than the book value of their assets , while rapidly growing firms can be priced at many times the book value of their assets , reflecting the fact that growth adds value to the initial investment outlay .
static or declining firms are likely to be valued at less than the book value of their assets , while rapidly growing firms can be priced at many times the book value of their assets , [thinking/showing] the fact that growth adds value to the initial investment outlay .

Stock turnover , as well as capital turnover , is an important ratio , reflecting both profitability and liquidity , as does the ratio of sales to debtors
stock turnover , as well as capital turnover , is an important ratio , [thinking/showing] both profitability and liquidity , as does the ratio of sales to debtors

Guinness , reflecting its strong profits performance , jumped 25p to 597p .
guinness , [thinking/showing] its strong profits performance , jumped 25p to 597p .

The minority , in particular the 1540s , also produced a concentration of the more ‘ normal ’ bonds by the magnates , hitherto made for local purposes but now reflecting the need for support in a major political crisis .
the minority , in particular the 1540s , also produced a concentration of the more ‘ normal ’ bonds by the magnates , hitherto made for local purposes but now [thinking/showing] the need for support in a major political crisis .

The boundary can be used as a reflecting surface so that the angle of incidence equals the angle of reflection .
the boundary can be used as a [thinking/showing] surface so that the angle of incidence equals the angle of reflection .

In the ultimate , within a reflecting boundary , all squares will be occupied .
in the ultimate , within a [thinking/showing] boundary , all squares will be occupied .

perceiving through reflecting all as will .
perceiving through [thinking/showing] all as will .

The parabola has the important property of reflecting to its focus all lines parallel to the x axis .
the parabola has the important property of [thinking/showing] to its focus all lines parallel to the x axis .

We will discuss a little later the emotions implications of this but for the moment we are reflecting on the practical issues that overwhelm the bereaved person .
we will discuss a little later the emotions implications of this but for the moment we are [thinking/showing] on the practical issues that overwhelm the bereaved person .

Image — an every present ingredient to the alchemy of pop — was now reflecting Kylie 's transformation from naïve to knowing superstar .
image — an every present ingredient to the alchemy of pop — was now [thinking/showing] kylie 's transformation from naïve to knowing superstar .

Carved faces grinned at us , reflecting the fires that burned in every grate .
carved faces grinned at us , [thinking/showing] the fires that burned in every grate .

‘ No constituency will select her , of course , ’ one of the MPs remarked after a female candidate had been passed for the list , reflecting a certain realism about the whole process .
‘ no constituency will select her , of course , ’ one of the mps remarked after a female candidate had been passed for the list , [thinking/showing] a certain realism about the whole process .

( Coy was puzzled , reflecting that there was ‘ a whole Pentagon ’ to do things like that . )
( coy was puzzled , [thinking/showing] that there was ‘ a whole pentagon ’ to do things like that . )

So , under a surface appearance of Mannaia victory ( ‘ We have eaten everything ’ , a shaikh 's son commented ) were signs of a more conciliatory spirit , perhaps reflecting Zuwaya awareness that they ought not to fight among themselves : a solidarity only partly abstract or ethical , related in some degree to the unity they had achieved against the menaced Tibbu-ownership of their land .
so , under a surface appearance of mannaia victory ( ‘ we have eaten everything ’ , a shaikh 's son commented ) were signs of a more conciliatory spirit , perhaps [thinking/showing] zuwaya awareness that they ought not to fight among themselves : a solidarity only partly abstract or ethical , related in some degree to the unity they had achieved against the menaced tibbu-ownership of their land .

Net borrowings at the December 1991 year-end totalled £824m with gearing increased to 78 p.c. of shareholders ' funds , against 54 p.c. for 1990 , reflecting both capital expenditure and the fall in the value of group properties .
net borrowings at the december 1991 year-end totalled £824m with gearing increased to 78 p.c. of shareholders ' funds , against 54 p.c. for 1990 , [thinking/showing] both capital expenditure and the fall in the value of group properties .

It is also true that some dealers are likely to be far keener to sell diesels than others , perhaps reflecting how much faith they have in their products .
it is also true that some dealers are likely to be far keener to sell diesels than others , perhaps [thinking/showing] how much faith they have in their products .

With demand reflecting the financial pressures affecting all major airlines and defence cutbacks , profits in the aerospace division fell by a quarter to £18.2m .
with demand [thinking/showing] the financial pressures affecting all major airlines and defence cutbacks , profits in the aerospace division fell by a quarter to £18.2m .

One yearned for Richards to make the romantics smile by sending in two bowlers to polish them off , reflecting that when Percy Chapman did it with fifteen needed against Australia in 1928–9 ( and lost two wickets ! )
one yearned for richards to make the romantics smile by sending in two bowlers to polish them off , [thinking/showing] that when percy chapman did it with fifteen needed against australia in 1928–9 ( and lost two wickets ! )

If the sensor is pointed straight at something reflecting the light of a laser beam — distinctive in its brightness and colour — the bomb 's tiny mind is happy .
if the sensor is pointed straight at something [thinking/showing] the light of a laser beam — distinctive in its brightness and colour — the bomb 's tiny mind is happy .

There was a picture of an early nineteenth-century mill , with water in the foreground reflecting its reassuring squareness and symmetrical windows .
there was a picture of an early nineteenth-century mill , with water in the foreground [thinking/showing] its reassuring squareness and symmetrical windows .

The boss of Salomon Inc , John Gutfreund , also took a pay cut , down to $ 2.26m , reflecting the investment bank 's 36 % drop in net income .
the boss of salomon inc , john gutfreund , also took a pay cut , down to $ 2.26m , [thinking/showing] the investment bank 's 36 % drop in net income .

The new overtures , reflecting the country 's overriding economic troubles , point to a further lessening of their sway over Mr Gorbachev .
the new overtures , [thinking/showing] the country 's overriding economic troubles , point to a further lessening of their sway over mr gorbachev .

Pre-tax profit fell to £85.6million from £98.1million , though after lower tax and minority interests , reflecting the African withdrawal , earnings showed only a fractional decline .
pre-tax profit fell to £85.6million from £98.1million , though after lower tax and minority interests , [thinking/showing] the african withdrawal , earnings showed only a fractional decline .

Pre-tax profit fell to £85.6million from £98.1million , though after lower tax and minority interests , reflecting the African withdrawal , earnings showed only a fractional decline .
pre-tax profit fell to £85.6million from £98.1million , though after lower tax and minority interests , [thinking/showing] the african withdrawal , earnings showed only a fractional decline .

Chairman John Gunn described the rumours as ‘ malicious , gratuitous and unnecessary , reflecting badly on the market ’ .
chairman john gunn described the rumours as ‘ malicious , gratuitous and unnecessary , [thinking/showing] badly on the market ’ .

Data General 's annual revenues dipped from $ 1.36 billion to $ 1.31 billion , and net losses deteriorated from $ 15.5 million to $ 120 million , reflecting a restructuring charge of $ 80 million .
data general 's annual revenues dipped from $ 1.36 billion to $ 1.31 billion , and net losses deteriorated from $ 15.5 million to $ 120 million , [thinking/showing] a restructuring charge of $ 80 million .

Reflecting both the sense of momentous events in Eastern Europe and the desire to strengthen the political role of the European Parliament , MEPs were unexpectedly addressed yesterday both by Chancellor Kohl and President Mitterrand , President of the European Council .
[thinking/showing] both the sense of momentous events in eastern europe and the desire to strengthen the political role of the european parliament , meps were unexpectedly addressed yesterday both by chancellor kohl and president mitterrand , president of the european council .

Just published last year were his evocative chapters called Le Genie du Nord ( Grasset , Paris ) , reflecting his preoccupation with the North , the fields of war , the detrimental effects of nationalism and his hopes for Europe , complemented by La Maye ( Trois Cailloux , Amiens ) , a 500 page semi-autobiography in poetry and prose written in a variety of styles and voices .
just published last year were his evocative chapters called le genie du nord ( grasset , paris ) , [thinking/showing] his preoccupation with the north , the fields of war , the detrimental effects of nationalism and his hopes for europe , complemented by la maye ( trois cailloux , amiens ) , a 500 page semi-autobiography in poetry and prose written in a variety of styles and voices .

Mr Bewick was criticised strongly yesterday by Mr Sells for carrying out too many operations rather than reflecting on the ethics involved .
mr bewick was criticised strongly yesterday by mr sells for carrying out too many operations rather than [thinking/showing] on the ethics involved .

Privatised utilities could suffer too although in many cases share prices are already reflecting this .
privatised utilities could suffer too although in many cases share prices are already [thinking/showing] this .

Brachiopod ( left ) and bivalve mollusc ( right ) compared , showing difference in symmetry when viewed sideways , reflecting fundamental internal distinctions
brachiopod ( left ) and bivalve mollusc ( right ) compared , showing difference in symmetry when viewed sideways , [thinking/showing] fundamental internal distinctions

Plant fossils are often to be found in particular beds , reflecting conditions of deposition that were just right for their preservation .
plant fossils are often to be found in particular beds , [thinking/showing] conditions of deposition that were just right for their preservation .

When the Luxembourgers let the cat out of the bag by talking about federalism in June 1991 , they were merely reflecting long-term currents of thought in the Community .
when the luxembourgers let the cat out of the bag by talking about federalism in june 1991 , they were merely [thinking/showing] long-term currents of thought in the community .

Above all , the remark represents a rejection of Adenauer 's explicit attachment of Germany 's destiny to the Western path , reflecting a long-term trend in German policy making .
above all , the remark represents a rejection of adenauer 's explicit attachment of germany 's destiny to the western path , [thinking/showing] a long-term trend in german policy making .

However , reflecting back on Hofstede 's definition of a budget system as enabling management more effectively to plan , co-ordinate , control and evaluate the activities of an organisation , it can be seen that there are a number of significant management elements in the budgetary process as well .
however , [thinking/showing] back on hofstede 's definition of a budget system as enabling management more effectively to plan , co-ordinate , control and evaluate the activities of an organisation , it can be seen that there are a number of significant management elements in the budgetary process as well .

Councils will set rents at a reasonable level , reflecting income levels in the different regions and localities .
councils will set rents at a reasonable level , [thinking/showing] income levels in the different regions and localities .

The sea at the edges is constantly stirred , both by tidal action and by the waves ( reflecting air movements ) .
the sea at the edges is constantly stirred , both by tidal action and by the waves ( [thinking/showing] air movements ) .

Today 's professional has two assistants , reflecting an increased amount of teaching , shop sales , professional tournaments and playing requests .
today 's professional has two assistants , [thinking/showing] an increased amount of teaching , shop sales , professional tournaments and playing requests .

In emphasising form and the ‘ gratuitousness ’ to daily concerns Kolve is reflecting the writing of the Dutch anthropologist and philosopher Johan Huizinga ( 1970 ) who also sees play ( in all its senses ) as something apart from ‘ ordinary life ’ and as a means of ‘ creating order ’ .
in emphasising form and the ‘ gratuitousness ’ to daily concerns kolve is [thinking/showing] the writing of the dutch anthropologist and philosopher johan huizinga ( 1970 ) who also sees play ( in all its senses ) as something apart from ‘ ordinary life ’ and as a means of ‘ creating order ’ .

In a game the rules are socially constructed beforehand ; in creative drama they are negotiated , but this negotiation is often constrained by whatever the ‘ rules ’ happen to be in the slice of life the creative drama is reflecting .
in a game the rules are socially constructed beforehand ; in creative drama they are negotiated , but this negotiation is often constrained by whatever the ‘ rules ’ happen to be in the slice of life the creative drama is [thinking/showing] .

Bulbs in pale globes lit the corridor at intervals , the light reflecting off shiny walls .
bulbs in pale globes lit the corridor at intervals , the light [thinking/showing] off shiny walls .

Others , reflecting popular frustration with empty shops and official bureaucracy after 72 years of socialism , were harsher .
others , [thinking/showing] popular frustration with empty shops and official bureaucracy after 72 years of socialism , were harsher .

Reflecting the great care taken by the architects to conserve and enhance the qualities of this former industrial building as a significant element in the metropolitan riverside scene , the project has received several awards , including a Doe Housing Design Award and a Civic Trust Award , both of which were presented in 1985 .
[thinking/showing] the great care taken by the architects to conserve and enhance the qualities of this former industrial building as a significant element in the metropolitan riverside scene , the project has received several awards , including a doe housing design award and a civic trust award , both of which were presented in 1985 .

On healthy hair the cuticle scales lie flat , reflecting light and giving hair a healthy sheen .
on healthy hair the cuticle scales lie flat , [thinking/showing] light and giving hair a healthy sheen .

’ She stared into her coffee as though it were a pool reflecting the past .
’ she stared into her coffee as though it were a pool [thinking/showing] the past .

Perfectly calm water mirrored a sky which shaded from smoky orange through turquoise to night blue , reflecting nothing but the sheerness of space , unlit by stars .
perfectly calm water mirrored a sky which shaded from smoky orange through turquoise to night blue , [thinking/showing] nothing but the sheerness of space , unlit by stars .

Part of the charm of a sale is that the financial result is in itself a sort of critical judgement , reflecting even if not defining the taste and mood of the moment .
part of the charm of a sale is that the financial result is in itself a sort of critical judgement , [thinking/showing] even if not defining the taste and mood of the moment .

His long neck was tinged a bright pink as though reflecting some internal glow .
his long neck was tinged a bright pink as though [thinking/showing] some internal glow .

Thus came together two very divergent streams of highly talented , family tradition , representing very different experiences : the one blessed with order , security , great success and prestige ; the other reflecting a similar piety which had been tested and purged in the fires of persecution and suffering .
thus came together two very divergent streams of highly talented , family tradition , representing very different experiences : the one blessed with order , security , great success and prestige ; the other [thinking/showing] a similar piety which had been tested and purged in the fires of persecution and suffering .

He remembered the descent down the stairs , the wintry sun reflecting off his mother 's stockings , the lines of cars outside the house .
he remembered the descent down the stairs , the wintry sun [thinking/showing] off his mother 's stockings , the lines of cars outside the house .

Taja 's work comprises slab built sculptural ceramics , with brightly coloured decoration , reflecting the simplicity of Japanese painting .
taja 's work comprises slab built sculptural ceramics , with brightly coloured decoration , [thinking/showing] the simplicity of japanese painting .

These graduate applicants are shaggy , long haired , and bearded , reflecting a direct binary to the approved short back and sides .
these graduate applicants are shaggy , long haired , and bearded , [thinking/showing] a direct binary to the approved short back and sides .

Whether there is any social morality or justice in such a system is not a matter which the detectives are given to question ; nor do they spend much time in reflecting on why some dubious property acquisition is outside their terms of reference , or what the relationship is of such practices to the maintenance of position and power .
whether there is any social morality or justice in such a system is not a matter which the detectives are given to question ; nor do they spend much time in [thinking/showing] on why some dubious property acquisition is outside their terms of reference , or what the relationship is of such practices to the maintenance of position and power .

He is against racism and sexism , but is capable of reflecting : ‘ He was in love with Alison Houston .
he is against racism and sexism , but is capable of [thinking/showing] : ‘ he was in love with alison houston .

Exercise your mind by reading widely and reflecting on life .
exercise your mind by reading widely and [thinking/showing] on life .

The practice of meditation and contemplation is life-long , reflecting this daily process of repentance and change at heart .
the practice of meditation and contemplation is life-long , [thinking/showing] this daily process of repentance and change at heart .

And reflecting this unease , the visiting valets and footmen appeared to regard one another with marked coldness and my own staff were rather glad to be too busy to spend much time with them .
and [thinking/showing] this unease , the visiting valets and footmen appeared to regard one another with marked coldness and my own staff were rather glad to be too busy to spend much time with them .

Meanwhile , reflecting upon the record of the Labour government of 1945–51 and on the policies which its successor should pursue , he argued for a coherent socialist policy which would be freshly committed to ideals and be capable of realization .
meanwhile , [thinking/showing] upon the record of the labour government of 1945–51 and on the policies which its successor should pursue , he argued for a coherent socialist policy which would be freshly committed to ideals and be capable of realization .

The Department of the Environment would pay largely for the building and the Department of the Education and Science for the works of art , reflecting their respective spheres of responsibility .
the department of the environment would pay largely for the building and the department of the education and science for the works of art , [thinking/showing] their respective spheres of responsibility .

On the first day of the show , working trial tests are held , reflecting the interest in this aspect of the breed .
on the first day of the show , working trial tests are held , [thinking/showing] the interest in this aspect of the breed .

Reflecting in 1968 on the difference between him and Communists of the older generation , he said : ‘ They seem to approach reality by way of certain abstract categories , which seem to them to have a lot of meaning and to reflect concrete experience … ; [ whereas ] members of my generation tend to use as a starting point reality as it exists at the moment , they form general concepts on the basis of this reality and they disregard categories which seem to have lost their relevance and to function more as incantations than as concepts .
[thinking/showing] in 1968 on the difference between him and communists of the older generation , he said : ‘ they seem to approach reality by way of certain abstract categories , which seem to them to have a lot of meaning and to reflect concrete experience … ; [ whereas ] members of my generation tend to use as a starting point reality as it exists at the moment , they form general concepts on the basis of this reality and they disregard categories which seem to have lost their relevance and to function more as incantations than as concepts .

He runs an adventure centre in south-west England , and commissioned a young artist , Robert Guy , to match his words with paintings reflecting the moods of mountains and skiing .
he runs an adventure centre in south-west england , and commissioned a young artist , robert guy , to match his words with paintings [thinking/showing] the moods of mountains and skiing .

Reflecting French anxiety over German reunification , Mr Mitterrand said the two Germanys were jointly responsible for stability in Europe .
[thinking/showing] french anxiety over german reunification , mr mitterrand said the two germanys were jointly responsible for stability in europe .

‘ That probably sounds pompous , ’ adds Laing apologetically , reflecting on what he had just said .
‘ that probably sounds pompous , ’ adds laing apologetically , [thinking/showing] on what he had just said .

Smash Hits , easily Britain 's biggest-selling pop magazine , is completely geared to reflecting the mainstream .
smash hits , easily britain 's biggest-selling pop magazine , is completely geared to [thinking/showing] the mainstream .

There is also a steady turnover of smaller , and often short-lived , black music mags reflecting underground phenomena like hip-hop .
there is also a steady turnover of smaller , and often short-lived , black music mags [thinking/showing] underground phenomena like hip-hop .

Henceforth the old spectacle of brokers milling around on the Stock Exchange floor was replaced by silent , almost invisible , computerized networks for dealers , reflecting the new internationalism of the stock market .
henceforth the old spectacle of brokers milling around on the stock exchange floor was replaced by silent , almost invisible , computerized networks for dealers , [thinking/showing] the new internationalism of the stock market .

Louis Montrose points out a fascinating consequence of this : ‘ If the world is a theatre and the theatre is an image of the world , then by reflecting upon its own artifice , the drama is holding the mirror up to nature ’ ( Montrose , ‘ Purpose of Playing ’ , 57 ) .
louis montrose points out a fascinating consequence of this : ‘ if the world is a theatre and the theatre is an image of the world , then by [thinking/showing] upon its own artifice , the drama is holding the mirror up to nature ’ ( montrose , ‘ purpose of playing ’ , 57 ) .

Delta , the electrical and engineering group , gained 18p to 353p , reflecting a near 2 per cent stake built by Tomkins , the industrial group created by Greg Hutchings .
delta , the electrical and engineering group , gained 18p to 353p , [thinking/showing] a near 2 per cent stake built by tomkins , the industrial group created by greg hutchings .

Singapore : Reflecting Wall Street 's overnight gains , the Straits Times index jumped 19.94 to 1,408.26 in brisk trade .
singapore : [thinking/showing] wall street 's overnight gains , the straits times index jumped 19.94 to 1,408.26 in brisk trade .

The first of the 10 special East German Reichsbahn trains finally left Prague at 5.30 local time , almost 24 hours late , reflecting the difficulties encountered by the East Germans in clearing the tracks .
the first of the 10 special east german reichsbahn trains finally left prague at 5.30 local time , almost 24 hours late , [thinking/showing] the difficulties encountered by the east germans in clearing the tracks .

It was a goal of the highest class , reflecting the progress the 29-year-old striker has made in the five years since he left Blundell Park to earn fame and fortune with Norwich City and Rangers .
it was a goal of the highest class , [thinking/showing] the progress the 29-year-old striker has made in the five years since he left blundell park to earn fame and fortune with norwich city and rangers .

Within the schools , the Bilingual Education Project has created curricular materials such as Gaelic nursery rhymes and songs , cards , picture books with Gaelic tests , photographic sequences reflecting the communities in which the children are growing up and materials for young mothers aimed at informing and guiding them on issues related to the quality of playgroup experience , including books on children 's play , book-making materials and equipment and films on playgroup organisation and on the way young children learn .
within the schools , the bilingual education project has created curricular materials such as gaelic nursery rhymes and songs , cards , picture books with gaelic tests , photographic sequences [thinking/showing] the communities in which the children are growing up and materials for young mothers aimed at informing and guiding them on issues related to the quality of playgroup experience , including books on children 's play , book-making materials and equipment and films on playgroup organisation and on the way young children learn .

In Bismarck , on 16th November , the ragged Nez Perce were received as heroes , reflecting the growing public sympathy for their plight . They received food in the town square while a band played the Star Spangled Banner , and Joseph received an invitation to a feast in his honour :
in bismarck , on 16th november , the ragged nez perce were received as heroes , [thinking/showing] the growing public sympathy for their plight . they received food in the town square while a band played the star spangled banner , and joseph received an invitation to a feast in his honour :

The general standard of farming was good , reflecting the influence of the sons who had attained either a degree or a diploma in agriculture before returning home .
the general standard of farming was good , [thinking/showing] the influence of the sons who had attained either a degree or a diploma in agriculture before returning home .

The answers showed that only 5 % were not confident with stock work , reflecting the importance of this enterprise in the areas visited .
the answers showed that only 5 % were not confident with stock work , [thinking/showing] the importance of this enterprise in the areas visited .

Few had considered this and a number who had previously chosen evenings changed their answers after reflecting on this follow-up question .
few had considered this and a number who had previously chosen evenings changed their answers after [thinking/showing] on this follow-up question .

But when average shrinkage — the retailers ' word for shoplifted goods — is expressed as a percentage of net profit before tax , the position is much worse , reflecting the reduction in profits over the last two years .
but when average shrinkage — the retailers ' word for shoplifted goods — is expressed as a percentage of net profit before tax , the position is much worse , [thinking/showing] the reduction in profits over the last two years .

Education is viewed as a passport to escape , reflecting feelings of hopelessness in local circumstances .
education is viewed as a passport to escape , [thinking/showing] feelings of hopelessness in local circumstances .

Growth in the latter was , however , considerably more rapid than in the former , reflecting the availability of social security funding for residential services provided by the independent sector ( Baldwin et al .
growth in the latter was , however , considerably more rapid than in the former , [thinking/showing] the availability of social security funding for residential services provided by the independent sector ( baldwin et al .

While he held this vision in the trembling torchlight , the eyes opened and looked at him , reflecting back the light of his torch .
while he held this vision in the trembling torchlight , the eyes opened and looked at him , [thinking/showing] back the light of his torch .

Are soaps in a sense the subconscious of patriarchy — where patriarchy is reflecting on itself via these various problematic issues which are unresolvable within the terms that patriarchy sets ? That 's why there are no solutions and the characters endlessly go around in circles in discussions . But what is a father is essentially a problem for men , is n't it ?
are soaps in a sense the subconscious of patriarchy — where patriarchy is [thinking/showing] on itself via these various problematic issues which are unresolvable within the terms that patriarchy sets ? that 's why there are no solutions and the characters endlessly go around in circles in discussions . but what is a father is essentially a problem for men , is n't it ?

Trading yesterday was modest , reflecting the Yom Kippur Jewish holiday .
trading yesterday was modest , [thinking/showing] the yom kippur jewish holiday .

Here is an ostensible shift in the balance of the Government 's approach , reflecting the new composition of the Cabinet but also , perhaps , the new constellation of electoral politics following the disintegration of the centre parties .
here is an ostensible shift in the balance of the government 's approach , [thinking/showing] the new composition of the cabinet but also , perhaps , the new constellation of electoral politics following the disintegration of the centre parties .

Perhaps this successful example of a real market reflecting environmental concern will not be lost on policy makers .
perhaps this successful example of a real market [thinking/showing] environmental concern will not be lost on policy makers .

The Reflecting Skin , the debut directorial effort from Philip Ridley , may swap the East End gangster glamour of his Krays script for Idaho hillbilly gothic , but overall it 's a very similar package .
the [thinking/showing] skin , the debut directorial effort from philip ridley , may swap the east end gangster glamour of his krays script for idaho hillbilly gothic , but overall it 's a very similar package .

‘ Fine ’ he said , reflecting on the finality of the situation .
‘ fine ’ he said , [thinking/showing] on the finality of the situation .

Where Ritualist influence was strong , this campaign achieved some success ; but it failed to eliminate monuments reflecting the mundane interests of the dead .
where ritualist influence was strong , this campaign achieved some success ; but it failed to eliminate monuments [thinking/showing] the mundane interests of the dead .

This section has concentrated so far on metals , reflecting the interest in metal patinas , but other materials also develop distinctive surfaces over time and some work has been done both by fakers to replicate them and investigators to differentiate the fake from the genuine .
this section has concentrated so far on metals , [thinking/showing] the interest in metal patinas , but other materials also develop distinctive surfaces over time and some work has been done both by fakers to replicate them and investigators to differentiate the fake from the genuine .

In this they were simply reflecting the typical disinterest of historians .
in this they were simply [thinking/showing] the typical disinterest of historians .

Pincher Martin performs an extreme form of modernism 's abbreviation of the span of narrative into single days , reflecting the whole life of its protagonist supposedly within the single moment of his death .
pincher martin performs an extreme form of modernism 's abbreviation of the span of narrative into single days , [thinking/showing] the whole life of its protagonist supposedly within the single moment of his death .

Most of the new novelists , in fact , set out to portray in their works the social reality of their respective countries , and some novels — notably Carpentier 's Explosion in a Cathedral , García Márquez 's One Hundred Years of Solitude and Vargas Llosa 's The War of the End of the World — are continental in scope , reflecting the reality of Latin America as a whole .
most of the new novelists , in fact , set out to portray in their works the social reality of their respective countries , and some novels — notably carpentier 's explosion in a cathedral , garcía márquez 's one hundred years of solitude and vargas llosa 's the war of the end of the world — are continental in scope , [thinking/showing] the reality of latin america as a whole .

’ She smiled to herself , reflecting that this was the question that had been torturing Richard all his life .
’ she smiled to herself , [thinking/showing] that this was the question that had been torturing richard all his life .

Time magazine , as always reflecting the indoctrines of the Luce family and assuming the mantle of the responsible voice of America , recorded that : ‘ it was a scene as grisly as anything depicted in Polanski 's film explorations of the dark and melancholy corners of human character … and the most likely theory is that the slayings were related to narcotics .
time magazine , as always [thinking/showing] the indoctrines of the luce family and assuming the mantle of the responsible voice of america , recorded that : ‘ it was a scene as grisly as anything depicted in polanski 's film explorations of the dark and melancholy corners of human character … and the most likely theory is that the slayings were related to narcotics .

Occupational pensions represented 16 % of pensioners gross income in 1979 , and 21 % in 1987 , reflecting the growth in coverage of occupational pensions .
occupational pensions represented 16 % of pensioners gross income in 1979 , and 21 % in 1987 , [thinking/showing] the growth in coverage of occupational pensions .

German newspapers questioned the decision , the Berliner Morgenpost reflecting the views of many by stating in an editorial that ‘ anti-doping measures obviously are ineffective ’ .
german newspapers questioned the decision , the berliner morgenpost [thinking/showing] the views of many by stating in an editorial that ‘ anti-doping measures obviously are ineffective ’ .

, were reflecting sterling 's strength and ‘ pure bull sentiment for the Conservatives ’ a dealer said .
, were [thinking/showing] sterling 's strength and ‘ pure bull sentiment for the conservatives ’ a dealer said .

With turnover down 27 p.c. to £27.1m , reflecting both the tough trading climate and the group 's reluctance to compete at uneconomic margins in the construction market , profits slumped from £1.83m to £410,000 before providing £775,000 ( £1.2m ) for the fall in land values and reorgnisation costs of £325,000 .
with turnover down 27 p.c. to £27.1m , [thinking/showing] both the tough trading climate and the group 's reluctance to compete at uneconomic margins in the construction market , profits slumped from £1.83m to £410,000 before providing £775,000 ( £1.2m ) for the fall in land values and reorgnisation costs of £325,000 .

The resulting pellets are termed Type 90 reflecting the high percentage of hop material present compared to water and foreign matters .
the resulting pellets are termed type 90 [thinking/showing] the high percentage of hop material present compared to water and foreign matters .

There can be no Christian blueprint for the ‘ final ’ form of society , since it is part of its perception of the human condition that all forms of society are provisional , reflecting human sinfulness , though not always to an equal degree .
there can be no christian blueprint for the ‘ final ’ form of society , since it is part of its perception of the human condition that all forms of society are provisional , [thinking/showing] human sinfulness , though not always to an equal degree .

After an overview of issues , questions of principle are raised with chapters reflecting different viewpoints .
after an overview of issues , questions of principle are raised with chapters [thinking/showing] different viewpoints .

Budgets would also be calculated to meet average teaching costs — not reflecting actual staff salaries .
budgets would also be calculated to meet average teaching costs — not [thinking/showing] actual staff salaries .

But universities have changed immensely in recent decades , and because of their close , complex and sometimes difficult relations with the public world , their procedures have become standardized and uniform , reflecting concern about justification and accountability .
but universities have changed immensely in recent decades , and because of their close , complex and sometimes difficult relations with the public world , their procedures have become standardized and uniform , [thinking/showing] concern about justification and accountability .

The Arab League 's proposals call for cabinet veto power over presidential decisions , thus reducing Maronite control over the government and more accurately reflecting the strength of Lebanon 's majority Muslim population .
the arab league 's proposals call for cabinet veto power over presidential decisions , thus reducing maronite control over the government and more accurately [thinking/showing] the strength of lebanon 's majority muslim population .

At the time of its production , Diaghilev was convinced that another truly Russian ballet was needed , traditional in essence but reflecting the revolutionary ideas of contemporary artists working in Russia as well as Paris .
at the time of its production , diaghilev was convinced that another truly russian ballet was needed , traditional in essence but [thinking/showing] the revolutionary ideas of contemporary artists working in russia as well as paris .

The council would publish a code reflecting commonly-accepted good journalistic practice , to come into effect by next March .
the council would publish a code [thinking/showing] commonly-accepted good journalistic practice , to come into effect by next march .

Serve them right , he thought vindictively and then , imitated at his own childishness , turned his head to look at the other people arranged alongside him , the desk 's shining expanse of polished wood reflecting their faces as twisted white blobs .
serve them right , he thought vindictively and then , imitated at his own childishness , turned his head to look at the other people arranged alongside him , the desk 's shining expanse of polished wood [thinking/showing] their faces as twisted white blobs .

Combined with this went an active physical life — fencing , rowing , and above all riding , the latter perhaps reflecting a feeling that he looked better on horseback than on foot , for his body was rather too long in proportion to his legs .
combined with this went an active physical life — fencing , rowing , and above all riding , the latter perhaps [thinking/showing] a feeling that he looked better on horseback than on foot , for his body was rather too long in proportion to his legs .

Howe , reflecting on the result of his survey in Marks & Spencer , drew attention to the importance of employees ' being able to cope — in both work and other activities — with a variety of complex situations through talk .
howe , [thinking/showing] on the result of his survey in marks & spencer , drew attention to the importance of employees ' being able to cope — in both work and other activities — with a variety of complex situations through talk .

They should have increasing opportunities to use writing for private purposes , such as reviewing their own experiences , reflecting on their own ideas and formulating hypotheses .
they should have increasing opportunities to use writing for private purposes , such as reviewing their own experiences , [thinking/showing] on their own ideas and formulating hypotheses .

Each country has a different name for them , often reflecting local attitudes , such as the graphic villas miserias in Argentina , highlighting the poverty of the communities .
each country has a different name for them , often [thinking/showing] local attitudes , such as the graphic villas miserias in argentina , highlighting the poverty of the communities .

It speaks of authoritative directives being based on or reflecting reasons which apply to their subjects in any case .
it speaks of authoritative directives being based on or [thinking/showing] reasons which apply to their subjects in any case .

The sea was emerald green , crested snow-white , and the water was myriad-coloured ; reflecting golden sandy shallows , with shades from green hills and blue skies shimmering across the surface .
the sea was emerald green , crested snow-white , and the water was myriad-coloured ; [thinking/showing] golden sandy shallows , with shades from green hills and blue skies shimmering across the surface .

In all ‘ honest and reflecting minds ’ , there was ‘ a conviction , daily strengthened by experience , that the name of effecting every improvement which the constitution requires may be found within the constitution itself ’ ( Macaulay , 1861 : ii .
in all ‘ honest and [thinking/showing] minds ’ , there was ‘ a conviction , daily strengthened by experience , that the name of effecting every improvement which the constitution requires may be found within the constitution itself ’ ( macaulay , 1861 : ii .

For this , he used Debussy 's piano suite , ‘ Morceaux enfantins ’ , as the inspiration of dances whimsically reflecting both memories and fantasies of childhood .
for this , he used debussy 's piano suite , ‘ morceaux enfantins ’ , as the inspiration of dances whimsically [thinking/showing] both memories and fantasies of childhood .

While explanations at the molecular level are the aim , much of this book will still look at embryos at the cellular level , reflecting the current state of knowledge .
while explanations at the molecular level are the aim , much of this book will still look at embryos at the cellular level , [thinking/showing] the current state of knowledge .

As the cell proceeds down a pathway genes are switched on and off reflecting an internal programme , for external signals only act at the branch points , directing the cell along one or other of the paths open to it .
as the cell proceeds down a pathway genes are switched on and off [thinking/showing] an internal programme , for external signals only act at the branch points , directing the cell along one or other of the paths open to it .

The perfect weather for camping — a still , warm night with a gigantic pastel-coloured moon reflecting dreamily in a glassy loch — is coincidentally the perfect night for the midges to chew your ass off .
the perfect weather for camping — a still , warm night with a gigantic pastel-coloured moon [thinking/showing] dreamily in a glassy loch — is coincidentally the perfect night for the midges to chew your ass off .

Britain has become an increasingly divided kingdom under Mrs Thatcher : the years 1979–87 witnessed major changes in Britain 's electoral geography , reflecting growing socio-economic polarization — the divide between the relatively prosperous and the relatively deprived areas widened ( Walker and Walker , 1987 ) .
britain has become an increasingly divided kingdom under mrs thatcher : the years 1979–87 witnessed major changes in britain 's electoral geography , [thinking/showing] growing socio-economic polarization — the divide between the relatively prosperous and the relatively deprived areas widened ( walker and walker , 1987 ) .

An alternative view sees the shape of poverty as reflecting the shape and condition of the wider society and requires more wide-ranging policy responses , especially those founded on universalist principles .
an alternative view sees the shape of poverty as [thinking/showing] the shape and condition of the wider society and requires more wide-ranging policy responses , especially those founded on universalist principles .

In reflecting on the conflicts between freedom and responsibility , Burke said :
in [thinking/showing] on the conflicts between freedom and responsibility , burke said :

Reflecting the degree of adaptation required , parents may well express concern as to whether the match is viable .
[thinking/showing] the degree of adaptation required , parents may well express concern as to whether the match is viable .

For a moment there was a quietness , everyone reflecting .
for a moment there was a quietness , everyone [thinking/showing] .

In the firelight its comb and the loose folds of flesh at its throat glowed like broken mirrors reflecting the embers of the fire .
in the firelight its comb and the loose folds of flesh at its throat glowed like broken mirrors [thinking/showing] the embers of the fire .

Kalchu was reflecting , wondering which of the shots we 'd heard from the house .
kalchu was [thinking/showing] , wondering which of the shots we 'd heard from the house .

To take one example , in October 1988 male unemployment in East London was at the highest levels in the South-East : 21 per cent in Tower Hamlets ; 18 per cent in Southwark and 14 per cent in Newham , reflecting the acute poverty and low levels of education in these areas .
to take one example , in october 1988 male unemployment in east london was at the highest levels in the south-east : 21 per cent in tower hamlets ; 18 per cent in southwark and 14 per cent in newham , [thinking/showing] the acute poverty and low levels of education in these areas .

At the same time , reflecting community representations , notional support is given to ‘ bottom-up ’ initiatives .
at the same time , [thinking/showing] community representations , notional support is given to ‘ bottom-up ’ initiatives .

The unemployment percentage ( reflecting the state of demand in the economy ) .
the unemployment percentage ( [thinking/showing] the state of demand in the economy ) .

Is the leadership reflecting the character of Christ in their lives ? Are people responding positively to the message ? If these things are true , the character of Christ is being reproduced and the organisation will be reproducing itself .
is the leadership [thinking/showing] the character of christ in their lives ? are people responding positively to the message ? if these things are true , the character of christ is being reproduced and the organisation will be reproducing itself .

He smiles to himself , reflecting how the roles of the Samaritan have gone back and forth in their relationship .
he smiles to himself , [thinking/showing] how the roles of the samaritan have gone back and forth in their relationship .

Although still classified as a rare breed , the British White has increased considerably in numbers in recent years and has also been exported : it seems to thrive in hot climates and has a good degree of heat tolerance , helped by its pigmented skin and reflecting white coat .
although still classified as a rare breed , the british white has increased considerably in numbers in recent years and has also been exported : it seems to thrive in hot climates and has a good degree of heat tolerance , helped by its pigmented skin and [thinking/showing] white coat .

Neither Lord Wilson nor Peter Shore , reflecting on the suspension ten years later , remembered it causing any difficulties inside the Cabinet Room .
neither lord wilson nor peter shore , [thinking/showing] on the suspension ten years later , remembered it causing any difficulties inside the cabinet room .

This meant , Hillingdon concluded , that ‘ needs have a predetermined boundary deriving from the people who are supplying the library service and reflecting their own cultural and educational goals .
this meant , hillingdon concluded , that ‘ needs have a predetermined boundary deriving from the people who are supplying the library service and [thinking/showing] their own cultural and educational goals .

It is essential to distinguish between , on the one hand , attaching priorities to different types of service or service to particular user groups , and on the other ensuring that certain types of material , reflecting certain views , are excluded from libraries altogether .
it is essential to distinguish between , on the one hand , attaching priorities to different types of service or service to particular user groups , and on the other ensuring that certain types of material , [thinking/showing] certain views , are excluded from libraries altogether .

In any one day 's activity a selector makes a large number of separate decisions about particular titles , each decision reflecting a range of background circumstances , some of them quite complex .
in any one day 's activity a selector makes a large number of separate decisions about particular titles , each decision [thinking/showing] a range of background circumstances , some of them quite complex .

Apart from any safeguards built into your employment contract , you may be eligible for statutory rights not to be unfairly dismissed and to redundancy pay calculated on the basis of a formula reflecting your age , years of service and ( up to a point ) salary level .
apart from any safeguards built into your employment contract , you may be eligible for statutory rights not to be unfairly dismissed and to redundancy pay calculated on the basis of a formula [thinking/showing] your age , years of service and ( up to a point ) salary level .

Thus , if the total award is large enough ( say , reflecting three years ' employment and loss of salary and contract benefits for that length of time ) , an ex gratia payment will not reduce your former employer 's legal liability towards you at all .
thus , if the total award is large enough ( say , [thinking/showing] three years ' employment and loss of salary and contract benefits for that length of time ) , an ex gratia payment will not reduce your former employer 's legal liability towards you at all .

He amused himself during his visit writing doggerel about the Revd Fullwood Smerdon , his father 's successor , and returned to Cambridge reflecting with distaste on Devonshire people :
he amused himself during his visit writing doggerel about the revd fullwood smerdon , his father 's successor , and returned to cambridge [thinking/showing] with distaste on devonshire people :

Now the Displex system is offered with a three-year warranty , the longest in the industry , reflecting the durability of this proven product .
now the displex system is offered with a three-year warranty , the longest in the industry , [thinking/showing] the durability of this proven product .

Hypertension is prevalent , with systolic hypertension appearing the most frequent in non-insulin-dependent diabetics , possibly reflecting the frequency of obesity in this group .
hypertension is prevalent , with systolic hypertension appearing the most frequent in non-insulin-dependent diabetics , possibly [thinking/showing] the frequency of obesity in this group .

It is interesting to note that farther to the west , in southern Oldenburg and at the Ems estuary , where Kupferschiefer is underlain by thin Rotliegendes and flat lying Upper Carboniferous , vitrinite reflectance is about the same in the Kupferschiefer and at the top Carboniferous , thus reflecting the predominance of recoalification .
it is interesting to note that farther to the west , in southern oldenburg and at the ems estuary , where kupferschiefer is underlain by thin rotliegendes and flat lying upper carboniferous , vitrinite reflectance is about the same in the kupferschiefer and at the top carboniferous , thus [thinking/showing] the predominance of recoalification .

To do this , an ideal model based on the equality paradigm was constructed and then compared with a neutral model reflecting the further education system as it existed before the Act took effect .
to do this , an ideal model based on the equality paradigm was constructed and then compared with a neutral model [thinking/showing] the further education system as it existed before the act took effect .

This tended to support the broad structure at most Colleges at that time , ie reflecting a division to operations and support .
this tended to support the broad structure at most colleges at that time , ie [thinking/showing] a division to operations and support .

In relation to the primary task model , one acceptable indicator of success in achieving the transformation ( ie collecting and transferring information about legitimate expenses ) could be the occurrence of queries , either from the claimant with regard to the expenses received , reflecting the accuracy of the information transferred , or from the recipients of the claim forms , eg the personnel section and the finance department .
in relation to the primary task model , one acceptable indicator of success in achieving the transformation ( ie collecting and transferring information about legitimate expenses ) could be the occurrence of queries , either from the claimant with regard to the expenses received , [thinking/showing] the accuracy of the information transferred , or from the recipients of the claim forms , eg the personnel section and the finance department .

Karelius talked mainly with Moreau , reflecting on the irony that he so often found the French easier to talk to than Austrians .
karelius talked mainly with moreau , [thinking/showing] on the irony that he so often found the french easier to talk to than austrians .

It was a practice requiring the submission of the lower classes on the street , yet at the same time reflecting subordination of the constables to the whims of senior officers and to a manipulative body of law .
it was a practice requiring the submission of the lower classes on the street , yet at the same time [thinking/showing] subordination of the constables to the whims of senior officers and to a manipulative body of law .

An even more potent example is the European eagle owl , which in forested regions produces prey assemblages of high diversity , reflecting the faunal composition in these regions , but in the collections from Qatar , where the same species lives in near-desert conditions , its prey assemblages are dominated to very large extent by a single species , which is also the most common large rodent in that part of the desert .
an even more potent example is the european eagle owl , which in forested regions produces prey assemblages of high diversity , [thinking/showing] the faunal composition in these regions , but in the collections from qatar , where the same species lives in near-desert conditions , its prey assemblages are dominated to very large extent by a single species , which is also the most common large rodent in that part of the desert .

The head needs to give priority to the close analysis of practice , exploring the different kinds of learning going on in classrooms , reflecting it back to staff , assessing , estimating , reflecting and asking others to do the same .
the head needs to give priority to the close analysis of practice , exploring the different kinds of learning going on in classrooms , [thinking/showing] it back to staff , assessing , estimating , [thinking/showing] and asking others to do the same .

The process of separation and demarcation was not a rapid one , and considerable ambiguity in the use of the term ‘ farrier ’ and ‘ farriery ’ persisted for many years after the establishment of the College , reflecting the degree to which the occupation of farrier and veterinarian overlapped .
the process of separation and demarcation was not a rapid one , and considerable ambiguity in the use of the term ‘ farrier ’ and ‘ farriery ’ persisted for many years after the establishment of the college , [thinking/showing] the degree to which the occupation of farrier and veterinarian overlapped .

Having made the point , it is worth reflecting that by all reasonable standards , many headteachers and education officers are remarkably successful .
having made the point , it is worth [thinking/showing] that by all reasonable standards , many headteachers and education officers are remarkably successful .

The barn served as a hanger for their Gazelle helicopter , which now stood illuminated by the floodlights on the roof , its belly reflecting the landing lights set in cement housings .
the barn served as a hanger for their gazelle helicopter , which now stood illuminated by the floodlights on the roof , its belly [thinking/showing] the landing lights set in cement housings .

Lawton nodded , the light reflecting on his eyepiece .
lawton nodded , the light [thinking/showing] on his eyepiece .

Kelly picked her way through saddles , blankets , old copies of Sporting Life , reflecting that Short 's domestic arrangements made his yard looked positively pristine .
kelly picked her way through saddles , blankets , old copies of sporting life , [thinking/showing] that short 's domestic arrangements made his yard looked positively pristine .

Two hours later , Kelly sat on the scales , reflecting that Cy had been right .
two hours later , kelly sat on the scales , [thinking/showing] that cy had been right .

Those who had survived the shooting and the bombing voted Randolph Churchill 's father out and Clement Attlee in , looking to a compassionate Welfare State reflecting the ideas of Sir William Beveridge and his Social Insurance Committee which , it seemed to many , could reduce their need to overspend and provide a safety net if they did .
those who had survived the shooting and the bombing voted randolph churchill 's father out and clement attlee in , looking to a compassionate welfare state [thinking/showing] the ideas of sir william beveridge and his social insurance committee which , it seemed to many , could reduce their need to overspend and provide a safety net if they did .

Reflecting that a lot of other people were in the same boat , that he was in good company — the Overindebted Minority — might bring temporary comfort and make relations with friends less strained .
[thinking/showing] that a lot of other people were in the same boat , that he was in good company — the overindebted minority — might bring temporary comfort and make relations with friends less strained .

So we have moved from the intricate and sombre medieval stained-glass window to the brilliant glass-clad office-block facade reflecting the sky line , yet the starting materials remain practically the same .
so we have moved from the intricate and sombre medieval stained-glass window to the brilliant glass-clad office-block facade [thinking/showing] the sky line , yet the starting materials remain practically the same .

From early May until late September our urban commons are green jungles , reflecting seasonal changes in a way rarely seen elsewhere in towns .
from early may until late september our urban commons are green jungles , [thinking/showing] seasonal changes in a way rarely seen elsewhere in towns .

The many gaps in the fossil record can be interpreted both ways — as being due to the intrinsic incompleteness of a record based on random serendipitous preservation , or as reflecting the true historical sequence : what you see is all there is .
the many gaps in the fossil record can be interpreted both ways — as being due to the intrinsic incompleteness of a record based on random serendipitous preservation , or as [thinking/showing] the true historical sequence : what you see is all there is .

The cash is due to increase to £325 million in 1983–84 , reflecting the desire of ministers to pour more money into new technologies .
the cash is due to increase to £325 million in 1983–84 , [thinking/showing] the desire of ministers to pour more money into new technologies .

As another example of his skill at miniaturisation , he displays his portable 15-cm ( 6-inch ) reflecting telescope , which weighs a mere two-thirds of a kilogram and can fold flat to go in his jacket pocket or between his clothes in a suitcase .
as another example of his skill at miniaturisation , he displays his portable 15-cm ( 6-inch ) [thinking/showing] telescope , which weighs a mere two-thirds of a kilogram and can fold flat to go in his jacket pocket or between his clothes in a suitcase .

Finally , we may detect a marked tendency to integrate subjects hitherto taught separately , a trend reflecting curriculum practice in Britain but also stemming from a desire to stress the relatedness of learning within a child 's own environment .
finally , we may detect a marked tendency to integrate subjects hitherto taught separately , a trend [thinking/showing] curriculum practice in britain but also stemming from a desire to stress the relatedness of learning within a child 's own environment .

Women who find that homosexual men make wonderful friends , may be reflecting the fact that the freedom from preoccupation with physical sex leaves the relationship wide open to a full range of shared experiences which should be enjoyed freely between heterosexual men and women too .
women who find that homosexual men make wonderful friends , may be [thinking/showing] the fact that the freedom from preoccupation with physical sex leaves the relationship wide open to a full range of shared experiences which should be enjoyed freely between heterosexual men and women too .

There was no wind now , just the steady downpour , the circling thunder , and the constant flickering of lightning reflecting on the wet surface of the Waste and illuminating the edges of the far forest as a line of blackness .
there was no wind now , just the steady downpour , the circling thunder , and the constant flickering of lightning [thinking/showing] on the wet surface of the waste and illuminating the edges of the far forest as a line of blackness .

At the turn of the eleventh and twelfth centuries the Norman Anonymous ( formerly known as the Anonymous of York ) wrote that ‘ the king reigns with Christ ’ , reflecting the common doctrine of the tenth and early eleventh centuries that the king was Christ 's vicar , that he was rex et sacerdos , that although he could not administer the sacraments , he ruled over the Church as well as over his temporal kingdom , that all authority was vested in him .
at the turn of the eleventh and twelfth centuries the norman anonymous ( formerly known as the anonymous of york ) wrote that ‘ the king reigns with christ ’ , [thinking/showing] the common doctrine of the tenth and early eleventh centuries that the king was christ 's vicar , that he was rex et sacerdos , that although he could not administer the sacraments , he ruled over the church as well as over his temporal kingdom , that all authority was vested in him .

These criticisms continued to be levelled at the many standard forms produced in 1963 , but it was not until 1980 that a number of new forms appeared , the lengthy gestation period reflecting the difficulties in satisfying the disparate interests of the constituent members of the Joint Contracts Tribunal .
these criticisms continued to be levelled at the many standard forms produced in 1963 , but it was not until 1980 that a number of new forms appeared , the lengthy gestation period [thinking/showing] the difficulties in satisfying the disparate interests of the constituent members of the joint contracts tribunal .

Reflecting on the past life of the hospital , the Rev .
[thinking/showing] on the past life of the hospital , the rev .

Such a condition also makes living organisms highly sensitive to their environment , reflecting the characteristics of mind and consciousness themselves .
such a condition also makes living organisms highly sensitive to their environment , [thinking/showing] the characteristics of mind and consciousness themselves .

Fishes ' ’ songs ' , one should note , do not seem to be nearly so complex as those of birds , perhaps reflecting their lower position on the scale of consciousness and intelligence .
fishes ' ’ songs ' , one should note , do not seem to be nearly so complex as those of birds , perhaps [thinking/showing] their lower position on the scale of consciousness and intelligence .

This is the outer area of the brain usually associated with the elaboration and co-ordination of sensory and motor function at the physical level and reflecting the content and structure of the more subtle sensory and motor indriyas within the mind of the creature .
this is the outer area of the brain usually associated with the elaboration and co-ordination of sensory and motor function at the physical level and [thinking/showing] the content and structure of the more subtle sensory and motor indriyas within the mind of the creature .

Mostly , they go round in circles , reflecting only the idiom of the day .
mostly , they go round in circles , [thinking/showing] only the idiom of the day .

With ponds dug on the line , or streams banked up into ‘ flashes ’ to form reflecting points on the beacon track so that it might be checked when at least once a year the beacon was fired on the traditional day .
with ponds dug on the line , or streams banked up into ‘ flashes ’ to form [thinking/showing] points on the beacon track so that it might be checked when at least once a year the beacon was fired on the traditional day .

Its significance was in its reflecting qualities .
its significance was in its [thinking/showing] qualities .

More generally , water will show up from a distance by catching and reflecting light from the sky .
more generally , water will show up from a distance by catching and [thinking/showing] light from the sky .

Scored for flute , viola and harp , it is alternately perky and elegiac in mood , reflecting the happier circumstances of its composition — and Zeisl 's knowledge of the heart condition that was to kill him three years later .
scored for flute , viola and harp , it is alternately perky and elegiac in mood , [thinking/showing] the happier circumstances of its composition — and zeisl 's knowledge of the heart condition that was to kill him three years later .

Men tend to spend more time analysing their own thoughts and motives , and reflecting on others ' behaviour .
men tend to spend more time analysing their own thoughts and motives , and [thinking/showing] on others ' behaviour .

The phosphate reaches concentrations six times higher than those of a well-manured agricultural field , probably reflecting the direct dumping of sewage , animal dung , and butchery effluent of blood and bones into the waterfront in late Saxon times .
the phosphate reaches concentrations six times higher than those of a well-manured agricultural field , probably [thinking/showing] the direct dumping of sewage , animal dung , and butchery effluent of blood and bones into the waterfront in late saxon times .

Only by meeting these interests will a balanced collection emerge , reflecting a wide range of opinions .
only by meeting these interests will a balanced collection emerge , [thinking/showing] a wide range of opinions .

Firstly of course , many sincere viewpoints are held and vigorously presented , perhaps reflecting a morality that is now unfashionable or less prevalent ; these viewpoints are always with us and it is proper that they should be so , and that they are seriously and sympathetically heard .
firstly of course , many sincere viewpoints are held and vigorously presented , perhaps [thinking/showing] a morality that is now unfashionable or less prevalent ; these viewpoints are always with us and it is proper that they should be so , and that they are seriously and sympathetically heard .

This is because students from other parts of the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland are joined at each of the four campuses by a growing number of overseas students , reflecting the reputation of Northern Ireland for offering warm hospitality to its visitors and the tradition of the University of Ulster as a host to students from other countries .
this is because students from other parts of the united kingdom and the republic of ireland are joined at each of the four campuses by a growing number of overseas students , [thinking/showing] the reputation of northern ireland for offering warm hospitality to its visitors and the tradition of the university of ulster as a host to students from other countries .

The lakes , or water , are seldom still and blue , reflecting mirror images of the detailed hills .
the lakes , or water , are seldom still and blue , [thinking/showing] mirror images of the detailed hills .

An exhibition containing a variety of embroidered items reflecting changes in taste and styles .
an exhibition containing a variety of embroidered items [thinking/showing] changes in taste and styles .

Certainly in this sector , where they do exist , they are generally very modest productions , reflecting a lack of money for this sort of thing .
certainly in this sector , where they do exist , they are generally very modest productions , [thinking/showing] a lack of money for this sort of thing .

In predominantly rural areas these discrepancies are most marked , reflecting a low social valuation of education for girls .
in predominantly rural areas these discrepancies are most marked , [thinking/showing] a low social valuation of education for girls .

Reflecting on the experience .
[thinking/showing] on the experience .

It could be argued that one reason why the cities have lost so many jobs and contain so many unemployed is that they are over-represented by sectors of the economy that have declined nationally — the cities merely reflecting national trends .
it could be argued that one reason why the cities have lost so many jobs and contain so many unemployed is that they are over-represented by sectors of the economy that have declined nationally — the cities merely [thinking/showing] national trends .

The incidence rate is necessary for studying the causal factors associated with illness , but the prevalence rate is better at reflecting the cost of disease to a community .
the incidence rate is necessary for studying the causal factors associated with illness , but the prevalence rate is better at [thinking/showing] the cost of disease to a community .

Exchangeable bases also declined markedly , reflecting a considerable decline in fertility , as the topsoil was lost .
exchangeable bases also declined markedly , [thinking/showing] a considerable decline in fertility , as the topsoil was lost .

In the process of reflecting on the history of the game , Hampden Babylon can barely conceal a loathing for our near and dear neighbours England .
in the process of [thinking/showing] on the history of the game , hampden babylon can barely conceal a loathing for our near and dear neighbours england .

The trigger points are innumerable but the nurse should have the maturity to deal with the resultant feelings in a constructive way that avoids reflecting any annoyance on to the patient .
the trigger points are innumerable but the nurse should have the maturity to deal with the resultant feelings in a constructive way that avoids [thinking/showing] any annoyance on to the patient .

It is a creative and individual process reflecting the relationship between yourself and the patient .
it is a creative and individual process [thinking/showing] the relationship between yourself and the patient .

towerblocks , glass windows reflecting neon —
towerblocks , glass windows [thinking/showing] neon —

reflecting it ,
[thinking/showing] it ,

There was a much smaller increase in the prevalence of model stock programs governed by apparel suppliers , reflecting the dominance of retailers in instigating new channel relationships as well as the reluctance of most retailers to allow suppliers to control merchandise on the shelf .
there was a much smaller increase in the prevalence of model stock programs governed by apparel suppliers , [thinking/showing] the dominance of retailers in instigating new channel relationships as well as the reluctance of most retailers to allow suppliers to control merchandise on the shelf .

However , our sample also reveals that some manufacturers began to adjust to the new demands of lean retailing : By 1992 , the median dropped to ten hours , reflecting their desire to reduce the amount of work-in-process at this beginning stage of apparel assembly .
however , our sample also reveals that some manufacturers began to adjust to the new demands of lean retailing : by 1992 , the median dropped to ten hours , [thinking/showing] their desire to reduce the amount of work-in-process at this beginning stage of apparel assembly .

Per capita expenditure for apparel and related services declined from $ 1,710 in 1992 to $ 1,698 in 1994 ( in current dollars ) .19 These downward expenditure trends occurred in the face of growth in the average number of outerwear garments consumed per capita : from 14.3 garments in 1967 to 28.7 garments in 1995.20 In other words , the amount of money spent by an average consumer per garment fell over this period , reflecting in part more casual workplaces , which allow people to spend less on clothing for work , and intense price competition .
per capita expenditure for apparel and related services declined from $ 1,710 in 1992 to $ 1,698 in 1994 ( in current dollars ) .19 these downward expenditure trends occurred in the face of growth in the average number of outerwear garments consumed per capita : from 14.3 garments in 1967 to 28.7 garments in 1995.20 in other words , the amount of money spent by an average consumer per garment fell over this period , [thinking/showing] in part more casual workplaces , which allow people to spend less on clothing for work , and intense price competition .

One part of the building slides under an adjoining bridge ; another emerges from a reflecting pool .
one part of the building slides under an adjoining bridge ; another emerges from a [thinking/showing] pool .

Quetzalcoatl can be found in the literature , murals , and graphic art reflecting Chicano culture and the Chicano movement of the 1960s and 1970s .
quetzalcoatl can be found in the literature , murals , and graphic art [thinking/showing] chicano culture and the chicano movement of the 1960s and 1970s .

Shape space has at least the three spatial dimensions of length , height , and width , but in addition it has properties reflecting the features of clusters of atoms that contribute to an eVective molecular shape , that is , to those features that collectively might be “ recognized ” by another molecule that bound the shape in question .
shape space has at least the three spatial dimensions of length , height , and width , but in addition it has properties [thinking/showing] the features of clusters of atoms that contribute to an evective molecular shape , that is , to those features that collectively might be “ recognized ” by another molecule that bound the shape in question .

Autumn brings the finest hues to the landscape , when the leaves turn shades of apricot and copper , the bracken changes to a burnt umber , and the hillsides glow in the low sunlight , reflecting perfectly in the glassy stillness of the lakes .
autumn brings the finest hues to the landscape , when the leaves turn shades of apricot and copper , the bracken changes to a burnt umber , and the hillsides glow in the low sunlight , [thinking/showing] perfectly in the glassy stillness of the lakes .

In the vicinity are two absorbing museums reflecting Kyoto ’ s extensive history as a magnet for Japan ’ s finest craftsmen .
in the vicinity are two absorbing museums [thinking/showing] kyoto ’ s extensive history as a magnet for japan ’ s finest craftsmen .

It is richly endowed with artistic treasures and some of Japan ’ s most superb Zen gardens , reflecting its history as a renowned center of calligraphy , gardening , tea ceremony , and other refined arts .
it is richly endowed with artistic treasures and some of japan ’ s most superb zen gardens , [thinking/showing] its history as a renowned center of calligraphy , gardening , tea ceremony , and other refined arts .

The shrine ’ s renowned Treasure House is one of the newest structures here , with wooden plaques in the shape of rice paddles reflecting the importance of rice in Shinto — and , by definition , Japanese — culture .
the shrine ’ s renowned treasure house is one of the newest structures here , with wooden plaques in the shape of rice paddles [thinking/showing] the importance of rice in shinto — and , by definition , japanese — culture .

It ’ s been quite some time since anyone was caught romping in these waters reflecting Nicola Salvi ’ s astounding 18th-century fountain .
it ’ s been quite some time since anyone was caught romping in these waters [thinking/showing] nicola salvi ’ s astounding 18th-century fountain .

In the center , the enchanting Villa ­dell ’ Isola , a pavilion surrounded by a little reflecting pool and circular portico , epitomizes all the magic of the place .
in the center , the enchanting villa ­dell ’ isola , a pavilion surrounded by a little [thinking/showing] pool and circular portico , epitomizes all the magic of the place .

From the home of Cardinal Ippolito d ’ Este , guests can look down at the terraced gardens , the real reason for Tivoli ’ s fame and your visit : alleys of cypresses and soaring fountains ( 500 in all , including Bernini ’ s Bicchierone ) , grottoes , waterfalls , reflecting pools , and everywhere the cool sound of rushing water .
from the home of cardinal ippolito d ’ este , guests can look down at the terraced gardens , the real reason for tivoli ’ s fame and your visit : alleys of cypresses and soaring fountains ( 500 in all , including bernini ’ s bicchierone ) , grottoes , waterfalls , [thinking/showing] pools , and everywhere the cool sound of rushing water .

With Oriental and Byzantine decorative elements reflecting the Pisan Republic ’ s overseas interests , its four-tiered arcaded façade over three porches is a masterpiece of grace and delicacy .
with oriental and byzantine decorative elements [thinking/showing] the pisan republic ’ s overseas interests , its four-tiered arcaded façade over three porches is a masterpiece of grace and delicacy .

It was built only a dozen years after the Louis XII wing but , reflecting the contrast between the debonair Ren­ais­sance prince and his dour predecessor , is a world apart in elegance and panache .
it was built only a dozen years after the louis xii wing but , [thinking/showing] the contrast between the debonair ren­ais­sance prince and his dour predecessor , is a world apart in elegance and panache .

The forbidding design of the Palais Vieux , reflecting the pious austerity of Benedict XII , contrasts with successor Clement VI ’ s more decorative Palais Nouveau .
the forbidding design of the palais vieux , [thinking/showing] the pious austerity of benedict xii , contrasts with successor clement vi ’ s more decorative palais nouveau .

Parliamentary democracy finally came into its own , albeit with distinctly Japanese characteristics reflecting the dislike of debate and confrontation and the group-oriented preference for maintaining the appearance of harmony at all times .
parliamentary democracy finally came into its own , albeit with distinctly japanese characteristics [thinking/showing] the dislike of debate and confrontation and the group-oriented preference for maintaining the appearance of harmony at all times .

It is a fine example of Moorish architecture , reflecting the Ottoman and Mogul glory of the 13th and 14th centuries .
it is a fine example of moorish architecture , [thinking/showing] the ottoman and mogul glory of the 13th and 14th centuries .

The bronze group sculpture stands in an attractive setting of reflecting pools and fountains with a mosque at one end .
the bronze group sculpture stands in an attractive setting of [thinking/showing] pools and fountains with a mosque at one end .

The Boat Loft houses a collection reflecting Bermuda ’ s innovative local designs , including a fully rigged , gleamingly polished “ fitted dinghy , ” famed for the size of its enormous sail .
the boat loft houses a collection [thinking/showing] bermuda ’ s innovative local designs , including a fully rigged , gleamingly polished “ fitted dinghy , ” famed for the size of its enormous sail .

The sizeable stainless-steel Géode sphere , made of 6,433 reflecting triangles , houses a cinema with a 360° movie screen 36 m ( 118 ft ) in diameter .
the sizeable stainless-steel géode sphere , made of 6,433 [thinking/showing] triangles , houses a cinema with a 360° movie screen 36 m ( 118 ft ) in diameter .

A little farther along Huntington Avenue , the Christian Science World Headquarters may not sound enticing ( and indeed , the austerity of the administration buildings around a vast reflecting pool makes a somber first impression ) .
a little farther along huntington avenue , the christian science world headquarters may not sound enticing ( and indeed , the austerity of the administration buildings around a vast [thinking/showing] pool makes a somber first impression ) .

Luoyang is sometimes known as the Capital for Nine Dynasties , reflecting a political and cultural prominence that originated nearly 4,000 years ago .
luoyang is sometimes known as the capital for nine dynasties , [thinking/showing] a political and cultural prominence that originated nearly 4,000 years ago .

Most impressive is the ancient wooden Temple of the Holy Mother ( Shengmudian ) , with life-sized statues reflecting a real humanity , rather than the customarily formal Buddhist imagery .
most impressive is the ancient wooden temple of the holy mother ( shengmudian ) , with life-sized statues [thinking/showing] a real humanity , rather than the customarily formal buddhist imagery .

In the summer , ethnic communities hold their festivals and parades around the great reflecting pool .
in the summer , ethnic communities hold their festivals and parades around the great [thinking/showing] pool .

This microcosm of nature reflecting the Taoist philosophy of yin and yang was landscaped by artists brought in from Suzhou , the great center of classical Chinese gardens .
this microcosm of nature [thinking/showing] the taoist philosophy of yin and yang was landscaped by artists brought in from suzhou , the great center of classical chinese gardens .

Gràcia , for example , has its own town square , the Plaça Rius i Taulet , and streets named Llibertat and Fraternitat and a Plaça Revolució , reflecting a political past .
gràcia , for example , has its own town square , the plaça rius i taulet , and streets named llibertat and fraternitat and a plaça revolució , [thinking/showing] a political past .

The name Huatulco is of Aztec origin and means “ land where a tree is worshipped , ” reflecting the intriguing legend of the “ Santa Cruz de Huatulco ” ( “ Sacred Cross of Huatulco ” ) .
the name huatulco is of aztec origin and means “ land where a tree is worshipped , ” [thinking/showing] the intriguing legend of the “ santa cruz de huatulco ” ( “ sacred cross of huatulco ” ) .

Topics discussed have resulted in ongoing changes to computer edits and policies , reflecting the dynamic nature of fraud .
topics discussed have resulted in ongoing changes to computer edits and policies , [thinking/showing] the dynamic nature of fraud .

The Environmental Quality Incentives Program ( EQIP ) is a new conservation program , reflecting the functions of four previous programs -- the Agricultural Conservation Program , the Great Plains Conservation Program , the Water Quality Incentives Program , and the Colorado River Basin Salinity Control Program .
the environmental quality incentives program ( eqip ) is a new conservation program , [thinking/showing] the functions of four previous programs -- the agricultural conservation program , the great plains conservation program , the water quality incentives program , and the colorado river basin salinity control program .

Intensity of this reengineering varies among the responding agencies , reflecting the fact that the speed and extent of downsizing has varied greatly from one agency to another .
intensity of this reengineering varies among the responding agencies , [thinking/showing] the fact that the speed and extent of downsizing has varied greatly from one agency to another .

The three sources of economic growth in the model are increased labor input , capital accumulation , and the advance of total factor productivity.4 The latter is a catch-all category reflecting sources of growth not captured in straightforward measures of aggregate labor input and aggregate physical capital employed .
the three sources of economic growth in the model are increased labor input , capital accumulation , and the advance of total factor productivity.4 the latter is a catch-all category [thinking/showing] sources of growth not captured in straightforward measures of aggregate labor input and aggregate physical capital employed .

The Legal Services Corporation of Iowa , which serves 98 of Iowa 's 99 counties , has absorbed the assets of the single county Polk County program and changed its name to Iowa Legal Aid , reflecting its expanded service area .
the legal services corporation of iowa , which serves 98 of iowa 's 99 counties , has absorbed the assets of the single county polk county program and changed its name to iowa legal aid , [thinking/showing] its expanded service area .

California 's planning and collaborative efforts in the last year have been numerous and complex , reflecting the state 's many programs , languages , clients and needs .
california 's planning and collaborative efforts in the last year have been numerous and complex , [thinking/showing] the state 's many programs , languages , clients and needs .

Table 3 shows little change in GDP under any of the policy scenarios , reflecting the fact that this foregone consumption turns up as expenditures in other categories of GDP , namely , investment and government spending.5 Table 3 .
table 3 shows little change in gdp under any of the policy scenarios , [thinking/showing] the fact that this foregone consumption turns up as expenditures in other categories of gdp , namely , investment and government spending.5 table 3 .

For this analysis , we disaggregated benefits based on the state of origin of visitors , reflecting the notion that many of the recreational sites with the highest visitation rates are valued by individuals throughout the country , not only by those individuals who live closest to the site .
for this analysis , we disaggregated benefits based on the state of origin of visitors , [thinking/showing] the notion that many of the recreational sites with the highest visitation rates are valued by individuals throughout the country , not only by those individuals who live closest to the site .

The survey used photographs reflecting different visibility levels in the specified recreational areas .
the survey used photographs [thinking/showing] different visibility levels in the specified recreational areas .

This assumption will also lead us to underpredict benefits since it is likely that increases in real U.S. income would also result in increased cost-of-illness ( due , for example , to increases in wages paid to medical workers ) and increased cost of work loss days ( reflecting that if worker incomes are higher , the losses resulting from reduced worker production would also be higher ) .
this assumption will also lead us to underpredict benefits since it is likely that increases in real u.s. income would also result in increased cost-of-illness ( due , for example , to increases in wages paid to medical workers ) and increased cost of work loss days ( [thinking/showing] that if worker incomes are higher , the losses resulting from reduced worker production would also be higher ) .

For example , we make adjustments to the mortality valuation estimates to account for the estimated lag between exposure and manifestation of the effect , reflecting the basic economic tenet that individuals prefer benefits that occur sooner to those that occur later .
for example , we make adjustments to the mortality valuation estimates to account for the estimated lag between exposure and manifestation of the effect , [thinking/showing] the basic economic tenet that individuals prefer benefits that occur sooner to those that occur later .

The two available sources , both authored by Michael Jones-Lee , derive significantly differing adjustment factors , and reflect reflecting the overall uncertainty within the literature about age-specific VSL adjustments .
the two available sources , both authored by michael jones-lee , derive significantly differing adjustment factors , and reflect [thinking/showing] the overall uncertainty within the literature about age-specific vsl adjustments .

A post could also rationalize its prices by reflecting the cost of service to different areas .
a post could also rationalize its prices by [thinking/showing] the cost of service to different areas .

Postal density is a measure that contains two dimensions : exogenous cost drivers such as geographic and demographic characteristics of the areas served , and endogenous drivers reflecting the quality of delivery service .
postal density is a measure that contains two dimensions : exogenous cost drivers such as geographic and demographic characteristics of the areas served , and endogenous drivers [thinking/showing] the quality of delivery service .

Table 2 displays mean daily route statistics for routes when divided into quartiles reflecting their volumes of carrier route mail .
table 2 displays mean daily route statistics for routes when divided into quartiles [thinking/showing] their volumes of carrier route mail .

G. Cream Skimmers Cost Per Piece Table 3 has four matrices , each reflecting a different percentage of available volume assumed to be captured by cream skimmers .
g. cream skimmers cost per piece table 3 has four matrices , each [thinking/showing] a different percentage of available volume assumed to be captured by cream skimmers .

Reflecting on these questions , the CIA decided to write a briefing article summarizing its understanding of this danger .
[thinking/showing] on these questions , the cia decided to write a briefing article summarizing its understanding of this danger .

A GLOBAL STRATEGY REFLECTING ON A GENERATIONAL CHALLENGE Three years after 9/11 , Americans are still thinking and talking about how to protect our nation in this new era .
a global strategy [thinking/showing] on a generational challenge three years after 9/11 , americans are still thinking and talking about how to protect our nation in this new era .

The U.S. consulate in Karachi is a makeshift fortress , reflecting the gravity of the surrounding threat .
the u.s. consulate in karachi is a makeshift fortress , [thinking/showing] the gravity of the surrounding threat .

PREVENT THE CONTINUED GROWTH OF ISLAMIST TERRORISM In October 2003 , reflecting on progress after two years of waging the global war on terrorism , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld asked his advisers : '' Are we capturing , killing or deterring and dissuading more terrorists every day than the madrassas and the radical clerics are recruiting , training and deploying against us ?
prevent the continued growth of islamist terrorism in october 2003 , [thinking/showing] on progress after two years of waging the global war on terrorism , defense secretary donald rumsfeld asked his advisers : '' are we capturing , killing or deterring and dissuading more terrorists every day than the madrassas and the radical clerics are recruiting , training and deploying against us ?

Reflecting on Bin Ladin 's success in reaching Muslim audiences , Richard Holbrooke wondered , `` How can a man in a cave outcommunicate the world 's leading communications society ? ''
[thinking/showing] on bin ladin 's success in reaching muslim audiences , richard holbrooke wondered , `` how can a man in a cave outcommunicate the world 's leading communications society ? ''

There is some overlap of membership on the editorial boards of PLoS Biology and the community journals , reflecting a level of dedication to open access , but as with all scientists who serve on multiple editorial boards and reviewers who review for multiple journals , these individuals are governed by confidentiality .
there is some overlap of membership on the editorial boards of plos biology and the community journals , [thinking/showing] a level of dedication to open access , but as with all scientists who serve on multiple editorial boards and reviewers who review for multiple journals , these individuals are governed by confidentiality .

The degree of the development of these isolating mechanisms is roughly proportional to the genetic distance between the populations , reflecting the fact that incompatibilities accumulate over time ( Coyne and Orr 1989 ) .
the degree of the development of these isolating mechanisms is roughly proportional to the genetic distance between the populations , [thinking/showing] the fact that incompatibilities accumulate over time ( coyne and orr 1989 ) .

Twins discordant on educational level , however , had similar health status , likely reflecting the fact that current occupational class is a better measure for investigating the impact of lifetime socioeconomic position than is education ( which is completed usually in early adulthood ) .
twins discordant on educational level , however , had similar health status , likely [thinking/showing] the fact that current occupational class is a better measure for investigating the impact of lifetime socioeconomic position than is education ( which is completed usually in early adulthood ) .

In the absence of wide availability of treatment , reflecting weaker political and social support for HIV control efforts , we modeled a scenario in which the comprehensive prevention package described previously [ 3 ] has only partial effectiveness at the population level , and no ART scale-up occurs .
in the absence of wide availability of treatment , [thinking/showing] weaker political and social support for hiv control efforts , we modeled a scenario in which the comprehensive prevention package described previously [ 3 ] has only partial effectiveness at the population level , and no art scale-up occurs .

We examined two scenarios combining treatment and prevention efforts , reflecting either optimistic or pessimistic possibilities .
we examined two scenarios combining treatment and prevention efforts , [thinking/showing] either optimistic or pessimistic possibilities .

Discussion In this paper , we have examined the potential epidemiologic impact of global HIV/AIDS control efforts under a range of alternative scenarios reflecting varying implementation of strategies for prevention and treatment .
discussion in this paper , we have examined the potential epidemiologic impact of global hiv/aids control efforts under a range of alternative scenarios [thinking/showing] varying implementation of strategies for prevention and treatment .

However , there was good correlation between the tracer uptake and conventional staining for the integrin by immunohistochemistry—again suggesting that the marker is truly reflecting the in vivo level of the integrin .
however , there was good correlation between the tracer uptake and conventional staining for the integrin by immunohistochemistry—again suggesting that the marker is truly [thinking/showing] the in vivo level of the integrin .

Indeed , he plays with the dot-screen as a theme in his later works , notably in the vast Mirror in Six Panels ( 1971 ) , which shows nothing but the mirror surface reflecting empty space , apparently rendered in the transparent sheets of Benday dots in common use by graphic artists .
indeed , he plays with the dot-screen as a theme in his later works , notably in the vast mirror in six panels ( 1971 ) , which shows nothing but the mirror surface [thinking/showing] empty space , apparently rendered in the transparent sheets of benday dots in common use by graphic artists .

Academic medical centers like our own have played a particularly important role in the history of medical discovery ; the hallmark of these institutions is our commitment to thinking and reflecting about the patients we see , patients who are often extremely sick and whose management is exceptionally complex .
academic medical centers like our own have played a particularly important role in the history of medical discovery ; the hallmark of these institutions is our commitment to thinking and [thinking/showing] about the patients we see , patients who are often extremely sick and whose management is exceptionally complex .

Most studies assessing the impact of childhood socioeconomic position on health , however , have relied on occupational and sometimes educational data [ 8,9,26,41â€ “ 46 ] , reflecting difficulties in obtaining income data across the lifecourse [ 16â€ “ 18 ] .
most studies assessing the impact of childhood socioeconomic position on health , however , have relied on occupational and sometimes educational data [ 8,9,26,41â€ “ 46 ] , [thinking/showing] difficulties in obtaining income data across the lifecourse [ 16â€ “ 18 ] .

The authors therefore conclude that “ the long-term effects of weight loss are complex , and they may be composed of oppositely operating effects with net results reflecting the balance between these effects . ”
the authors therefore conclude that “ the long-term effects of weight loss are complex , and they may be composed of oppositely operating effects with net results [thinking/showing] the balance between these effects . ”

The Royal Society also noted how public funding of R & D in the EU matches that in the US and Japan , with the disparity among GDP ratios reflecting the differentials in private investment in R & D , over which the EU has little control .
the royal society also noted how public funding of r & d in the eu matches that in the us and japan , with the disparity among gdp ratios [thinking/showing] the differentials in private investment in r & d , over which the eu has little control .

Models indicate that the fixation rate for symbiont-beneficial ( selfish ) mutations increase with the number of symbionts transmitted , reflecting greater efficacy of selection among bacteria within a given host ( Rispe and Moran 2000 ) .
models indicate that the fixation rate for symbiont-beneficial ( selfish ) mutations increase with the number of symbionts transmitted , [thinking/showing] greater efficacy of selection among bacteria within a given host ( rispe and moran 2000 ) .

We hope this space emerges as a vibrant source of student energy and passion , grounded in evidence , accountable to the patients who will entrust their care to us , and reflecting the hope we have for the future of medicine .
we hope this space emerges as a vibrant source of student energy and passion , grounded in evidence , accountable to the patients who will entrust their care to us , and [thinking/showing] the hope we have for the future of medicine .

There was also an enrichment of genes associated with structure and permeability ; in this class several genes were ubiquitously altered in both IBD and non-IBD samples , reflecting dysregulation of genes for paracellular permeability , degradation of extracellular matrix , and barrier protection against bacterial invasion of the epithelial surface .
there was also an enrichment of genes associated with structure and permeability ; in this class several genes were ubiquitously altered in both ibd and non-ibd samples , [thinking/showing] dysregulation of genes for paracellular permeability , degradation of extracellular matrix , and barrier protection against bacterial invasion of the epithelial surface .

As 1990 draws to a close , I know you may be reflecting on many giving opportunities .
as 1990 draws to a close , i know you may be [thinking/showing] on many giving opportunities .

In the universe humans inhabit , reflecting light is a necessary result of the assemblage of matter on earth -- necessary also to the survival of the tree and to its presence among other trees , rocks , animals . ''
in the universe humans inhabit , [thinking/showing] light is a necessary result of the assemblage of matter on earth -- necessary also to the survival of the tree and to its presence among other trees , rocks , animals . ''

The rib-shaped patty is studded with visible chunks of fat ( reflecting the 37 grams listed on the label ) , and it sits in a pool of orange grease .
the rib-shaped patty is studded with visible chunks of fat ( [thinking/showing] the 37 grams listed on the label ) , and it sits in a pool of orange grease .

Then every share of Daimler-Benz stock sold between 1950 and 1980 sells at a discount reflecting that expectation .
then every share of daimler-benz stock sold between 1950 and 1980 sells at a discount [thinking/showing] that expectation .

Most Republicans , though , did precisely that , reflecting the official party line that you can impeach the president and reform Social Security ( and , no doubt , walk and chew gum ) at the same time .
most republicans , though , did precisely that , [thinking/showing] the official party line that you can impeach the president and reform social security ( and , no doubt , walk and chew gum ) at the same time .

An actor known for a narcissistic blend of preening and Buddha-like self-containment , Gere proved in Pretty Woman ( 1990 ) to be a marvel at reflecting her light , like a piece of space debris that in the rays of the sun reveals jewellike facets .
an actor known for a narcissistic blend of preening and buddha-like self-containment , gere proved in pretty woman ( 1990 ) to be a marvel at [thinking/showing] her light , like a piece of space debris that in the rays of the sun reveals jewellike facets .

He also notes that many readers , driven to near madness by customer-service representatives , use strong language to describe their plights , and the Shopping Avenger is merely reflecting their anger .
he also notes that many readers , driven to near madness by customer-service representatives , use strong language to describe their plights , and the shopping avenger is merely [thinking/showing] their anger .

Overall quality points , from zero to 100 , reflecting their personal , subjective fondness for the beer .
overall quality points , from zero to 100 , [thinking/showing] their personal , subjective fondness for the beer .

Reflecting the prejudices of the intelligentsia , Morris in his book and in interviews has described Reagan as `` ignorant , '' an `` airhead , '' and a `` yahoo . ''
[thinking/showing] the prejudices of the intelligentsia , morris in his book and in interviews has described reagan as `` ignorant , '' an `` airhead , '' and a `` yahoo . ''

Promenade down the colonnade walkways , tour the original birthplace home of the President , and muse on the tranquility or our handsome reflecting pool .
promenade down the colonnade walkways , tour the original birthplace home of the president , and muse on the tranquility or our handsome [thinking/showing] pool .

Now the teen-age out-of-wedlock birth rate seems to be leveling off -- reflecting , Chatterbox supposes , some hard-won equilibrium between teen-agers ' greater use of contraceptives , on the one hand , and their greater disinclination to marry their high school sweethearts , on the other .
now the teen-age out-of-wedlock birth rate seems to be leveling off -- [thinking/showing] , chatterbox supposes , some hard-won equilibrium between teen-agers ' greater use of contraceptives , on the one hand , and their greater disinclination to marry their high school sweethearts , on the other .

The ad ends with him reflecting on his nightmare .
the ad ends with him [thinking/showing] on his nightmare .

Reflecting a general weariness with the summer 's Hollywood fare , The New Yorker 's Terrence Rafferty writes , `` Let 's hope they do n't get any sillier than this . ''
[thinking/showing] a general weariness with the summer 's hollywood fare , the new yorker 's terrence rafferty writes , `` let 's hope they do n't get any sillier than this . ''

Lippmann and a few colleagues ( Joe Alsop , especially ) were more than just columnists ; they were national actors , both shaping and reflecting popular opinion .
lippmann and a few colleagues ( joe alsop , especially ) were more than just columnists ; they were national actors , both shaping and [thinking/showing] popular opinion .

Although the numbers are still rising , the papers agree that over 10,000 people have died and 34,000 have been injured ( the LAT says 35,000 , reflecting both its later closing time and the speed with which the numbers are climbing ) .
although the numbers are still rising , the papers agree that over 10,000 people have died and 34,000 have been injured ( the lat says 35,000 , [thinking/showing] both its later closing time and the speed with which the numbers are climbing ) .

Reflecting suspicions that the bomb was set by the `` Real IRA , '' a breakaway branch of the IRA ( the initial telephone warning was made by a caller using one of that group 's code words , though official spokesmen denied responsibility Sunday ) , Ulster Unionist Party leader and Northern Ireland Minister David Trimble told the London Sunday Times that `` this bomb would not have been made or detonated if Sinn Fein had handed over its explosives and weapons . ''
[thinking/showing] suspicions that the bomb was set by the `` real ira , '' a breakaway branch of the ira ( the initial telephone warning was made by a caller using one of that group 's code words , though official spokesmen denied responsibility sunday ) , ulster unionist party leader and northern ireland minister david trimble told the london sunday times that `` this bomb would not have been made or detonated if sinn fein had handed over its explosives and weapons . ''

Reflecting mounting alarm in the Middle East about how Iraq might respond to a U.S. attack , the Israeli paper Ha'aretz reported Monday that 1.5 million Israelis do n't have functioning gas masks .
[thinking/showing] mounting alarm in the middle east about how iraq might respond to a u.s. attack , the israeli paper ha'aretz reported monday that 1.5 million israelis do n't have functioning gas masks .

According to the NYT , the Republicans in Congress have begun an intense debate about how to follow up the balanced-budget amendment , reflecting the fact that polls show voters are becoming less responsive to mere tax cuts .
according to the nyt , the republicans in congress have begun an intense debate about how to follow up the balanced-budget amendment , [thinking/showing] the fact that polls show voters are becoming less responsive to mere tax cuts .

Although the official program was multi-racial and multi-ethnic , the WP says the attendees were `` overwhelmingly white , reflecting the composition of the organization . ''
although the official program was multi-racial and multi-ethnic , the wp says the attendees were `` overwhelmingly white , [thinking/showing] the composition of the organization . ''

I see his eyes as mirrors , reflecting not what he is looking at , but what he will see : mountains , rivers , wars .
i see his eyes as mirrors , [thinking/showing] not what he is looking at , but what he will see : mountains , rivers , wars .

Du Bois Institute for Afro-American Research reflecting 30 years of scholarship on the transatlantic slave trade was attacked at its unveiling last month at William and Mary College .
du bois institute for afro-american research [thinking/showing] 30 years of scholarship on the transatlantic slave trade was attacked at its unveiling last month at william and mary college .

Reflecting a week in which 500 Indonesians were killed in street riots , in his announcement Suharto is quoted as saying , `` It has become extremely difficult for me to continue the leadership of this country . ''
[thinking/showing] a week in which 500 indonesians were killed in street riots , in his announcement suharto is quoted as saying , `` it has become extremely difficult for me to continue the leadership of this country . ''

Indeed , if you want a simple model for predicting the unemployment rate in the United States over the next few years , here it is : It will be what Greenspan wants it to be , plus or minus a random error reflecting the fact that he is not quite God .
indeed , if you want a simple model for predicting the unemployment rate in the united states over the next few years , here it is : it will be what greenspan wants it to be , plus or minus a random error [thinking/showing] the fact that he is not quite god .

When you find yourself reflecting on the phenomenology of the subway , you have had enough art for the day .
when you find yourself [thinking/showing] on the phenomenology of the subway , you have had enough art for the day .

No one who reads these chapters will scoop up another spoonful of sugar without reflecting on the history of ambivalence , global turmoil , and centuries of suffering needed to put it on the table .
no one who reads these chapters will scoop up another spoonful of sugar without [thinking/showing] on the history of ambivalence , global turmoil , and centuries of suffering needed to put it on the table .

In Reich 's generally quite readable -- though occasionally overly detailed -- book , three strands of Rockefeller 's character emerge , all of them reflecting the same degree of urgent vitality and , sometimes , an edge of self-destructiveness .
in reich 's generally quite readable -- though occasionally overly detailed -- book , three strands of rockefeller 's character emerge , all of them [thinking/showing] the same degree of urgent vitality and , sometimes , an edge of self-destructiveness .

Go back further and you can collect many more , all reflecting the same strange fact : Kurlak changes his mind all the time , but every time he changes it the market responds .
go back further and you can collect many more , all [thinking/showing] the same strange fact : kurlak changes his mind all the time , but every time he changes it the market responds .

Reflecting on human nature does n't seem to be a common pastime at the Pentagon .
[thinking/showing] on human nature does n't seem to be a common pastime at the pentagon .

Another large rectangle , a reflecting pool , is set into the lawn , level with the grass .
another large rectangle , a [thinking/showing] pool , is set into the lawn , level with the grass .

If you are reflecting a personal problem , remember that unrequited love is not fatal .
if you are [thinking/showing] a personal problem , remember that unrequited love is not fatal .

The most common variant is `` Chanukah , '' reflecting the proper pronunciation of the opening consonant , which is like the `` ch '' in `` Bach . ''
the most common variant is `` chanukah , '' [thinking/showing] the proper pronunciation of the opening consonant , which is like the `` ch '' in `` bach . ''

To present the Huang story as something new , reflecting the uniquely severe moral failings of William Jefferson Clinton , is absurd .
to present the huang story as something new , [thinking/showing] the uniquely severe moral failings of william jefferson clinton , is absurd .

The sessions will be held in early October in Washington , D.C. ; Chicago ; and San Francisco ( locations scientifically chosen as reflecting places Colene likes to visit ) .
the sessions will be held in early october in washington , d.c. ; chicago ; and san francisco ( locations scientifically chosen as [thinking/showing] places colene likes to visit ) .

In Gattaca and elsewhere , genetic enhancement is harnessed to profit , reflecting capitalism 's relentless remaking of the world in search of efficiency .
in gattaca and elsewhere , genetic enhancement is harnessed to profit , [thinking/showing] capitalism 's relentless remaking of the world in search of efficiency .

In the new genetic thrillers , it 's the scientist who makes a last-ditch stand against an irresponsible society -- reflecting a role for scientists as the defenders of ethical principles that were born at the Nazi doctor trials at Nuremberg and endured through the Cold War .
in the new genetic thrillers , it 's the scientist who makes a last-ditch stand against an irresponsible society -- [thinking/showing] a role for scientists as the defenders of ethical principles that were born at the nazi doctor trials at nuremberg and endured through the cold war .

During the Soviet era , a series of jokes circulated in the Armenian Republic reflecting upon the accuracy of the local radio authority .
during the soviet era , a series of jokes circulated in the armenian republic [thinking/showing] upon the accuracy of the local radio authority .

For all its talk of reflecting a consensus , the sources it draws upon are heavily skewed to the right .
for all its talk of [thinking/showing] a consensus , the sources it draws upon are heavily skewed to the right .

I promptly began quoting the profundity to my friends and reflecting indignantly , along with the rest of America , on what a poor role model the overgrown youth in the White House is for our youth .
i promptly began quoting the profundity to my friends and [thinking/showing] indignantly , along with the rest of america , on what a poor role model the overgrown youth in the white house is for our youth .

The Post says Sen. Orrin Hatch was reflecting the view of some of his colleagues when , on `` Face the Nation , '' he expressed doubt that it would be necessary to call any witnesses .
the post says sen. orrin hatch was [thinking/showing] the view of some of his colleagues when , on `` face the nation , '' he expressed doubt that it would be necessary to call any witnesses .

The White House would go for that , says the paper , but the Republicans will `` rightly '' insist on language reflecting that Clinton knowingly lied under oath , tampered with evidence and witnesses , and attempted to interfere in the progress of a civil rights suit .
the white house would go for that , says the paper , but the republicans will `` rightly '' insist on language [thinking/showing] that clinton knowingly lied under oath , tampered with evidence and witnesses , and attempted to interfere in the progress of a civil rights suit .

Perhaps reflecting L.A. 's large Persian population , the LAT is alone in fronting the conviction of Tehran 's mayor in his corruption trial .
perhaps [thinking/showing] l.a. 's large persian population , the lat is alone in fronting the conviction of tehran 's mayor in his corruption trial .

The LAT , perhaps reflecting a city loaded with Japanese restaurants , describes the two most likely successors as respectively `` spicy '' and `` bland . ''
the lat , perhaps [thinking/showing] a city loaded with japanese restaurants , describes the two most likely successors as respectively `` spicy '' and `` bland . ''

Most names seem to drift from male to female ( perhaps reflecting a deeper trend ) .
most names seem to drift from male to female ( perhaps [thinking/showing] a deeper trend ) .

We thought we could ignore the error and it would go away , but readers keep reminding us of what might be called , because of its prominence , a typogiraffical error : in Murdering the Language [ OBITER DICTA , XX,4,5 ] , the grammatically proper form would have been Omar m ' a tuée , ( reflecting the feminine gender of the preceding m ' ) and not , as printed , tué .
we thought we could ignore the error and it would go away , but readers keep reminding us of what might be called , because of its prominence , a typogiraffical error : in murdering the language [ obiter dicta , xx,4,5 ] , the grammatically proper form would have been omar m ' a tuée , ( [thinking/showing] the feminine gender of the preceding m ' ) and not , as printed , tué .

It will be interesting to see how many of these words , reflecting current preoccupations in Hungary , will be accepted permanently .
it will be interesting to see how many of these words , [thinking/showing] current preoccupations in hungary , will be accepted permanently .

Ivy Pearson , 12 , left , reflecting on the everyday hardships that pupils like she and Lakesha Perry face in Brownsville , Brooklyn .
ivy pearson , 12 , left , [thinking/showing] on the everyday hardships that pupils like she and lakesha perry face in brownsville , brooklyn .

Since it has come into being with a sudden and persistent rush , reflecting the burgeoning and undisciplined information system it conveys , , it has not been amply recorded , much less described , in standard reference works or lexicons .
since it has come into being with a sudden and persistent rush , [thinking/showing] the burgeoning and undisciplined information system it conveys , , it has not been amply recorded , much less described , in standard reference works or lexicons .

Lexicographic technocrats enjoy using terms like terminology , terminography , LSP language for special purposes , LGP language for general purposes , lemma , lexeme , and other words , reflecting the notion , long prevalent in psychology , sociology , and other social sciences , that if you can give a problem a name , you have somehow gone a long way toward solving it .
lexicographic technocrats enjoy using terms like terminology , terminography , lsp language for special purposes , lgp language for general purposes , lemma , lexeme , and other words , [thinking/showing] the notion , long prevalent in psychology , sociology , and other social sciences , that if you can give a problem a name , you have somehow gone a long way toward solving it .

Two books of recent vintage reflecting this ongoing fascination are : The Alphabet Abecedarium The Story of Writing The Alphabet Abecedarium is the bibliophile 's answer to the botanist 's stroll through the garden , being an eminently enjoyable omnium gatherum of recondite , recherché , and obscure arcana and lore about the letters of our Latin alphabet written in a light , conversational , self-deprecatory , tongue-in-cheek style .
two books of recent vintage [thinking/showing] this ongoing fascination are : the alphabet abecedarium the story of writing the alphabet abecedarium is the bibliophile 's answer to the botanist 's stroll through the garden , being an eminently enjoyable omnium gatherum of recondite , recherché , and obscure arcana and lore about the letters of our latin alphabet written in a light , conversational , self-deprecatory , tongue-in-cheek style .

All the while , of course , just as with all aspects of language , new names are coming into being , others passing out of use , each reflecting a bit of history or culture .
all the while , of course , just as with all aspects of language , new names are coming into being , others passing out of use , each [thinking/showing] a bit of history or culture .

Through the years popular sayings grew up reflecting this obsession with that one food , applied to the daily philosophy of life .
through the years popular sayings grew up [thinking/showing] this obsession with that one food , applied to the daily philosophy of life .

This is a general book about names , in scope if not in style reflecting the varied articles that appear in Names , the journal of the American Name Society .
this is a general book about names , in scope if not in style [thinking/showing] the varied articles that appear in names , the journal of the american name society .

When someone says , “ That Jew business is new here , ” he is n't saying quite the same thing as “ That Jewish business is new here. ” Because of the abomination and shame of anti-Semitism , you tend to respond more sensitively to language reflecting attitudes toward Jews , which is why jew down is both derogatory and offensive while gyp or welch on are relatively innocuous .
when someone says , “ that jew business is new here , ” he is n't saying quite the same thing as “ that jewish business is new here. ” because of the abomination and shame of anti-semitism , you tend to respond more sensitively to language [thinking/showing] attitudes toward jews , which is why jew down is both derogatory and offensive while gyp or welch on are relatively innocuous .

They tacked on the first name of his father or grandfather , who himself , reflecting Italy 's tangled history , tended to be called by some version of a Latin , ancient Germanic , saint 's , or Old Testament name : Giovanni Fabrizio derived his surname from Fabricius , Giovanni Alighieri from Aldiger , Giovanni Ciccarelli from Francis , and Giovanni Giacobazzi from Jacob .
they tacked on the first name of his father or grandfather , who himself , [thinking/showing] italy 's tangled history , tended to be called by some version of a latin , ancient germanic , saint 's , or old testament name : giovanni fabrizio derived his surname from fabricius , giovanni alighieri from aldiger , giovanni ciccarelli from francis , and giovanni giacobazzi from jacob .

The spellings of a few of the words , like singarette and worman , are attempts at reflecting their pronounciation , for they have no spelled tradition .
the spellings of a few of the words , like singarette and worman , are attempts at [thinking/showing] their pronounciation , for they have no spelled tradition .

The loving yet formal thee and thou and the closing -eth syllable create a melody , a rhythm , a smooth cadence truly reflecting our beloved shepherd 's care , and ignite a feeling of intimacy with him , a mutuality of feeling that the -s ending completely wants -- Excuse me !
the loving yet formal thee and thou and the closing -eth syllable create a melody , a rhythm , a smooth cadence truly [thinking/showing] our beloved shepherd 's care , and ignite a feeling of intimacy with him , a mutuality of feeling that the -s ending completely wants -- excuse me !

The selection of such words is likely to be personal , reflecting the tastes and proclivities of the compiler , hence one is hard put to quarrel with the choices .
the selection of such words is likely to be personal , [thinking/showing] the tastes and proclivities of the compiler , hence one is hard put to quarrel with the choices .

Some of the smaller dictionaries , from the MW-III and the Random House Unabridged on down through the college and desk sizes , contain etymologies reflecting up-to-date scholarship but these works may not be particularly user-friendly : after all , surveys have shown that etymological information is that least frequently sought by dictionary users , so it ill behooves publishers to devote a great deal of expensive space to it .
some of the smaller dictionaries , from the mw-iii and the random house unabridged on down through the college and desk sizes , contain etymologies [thinking/showing] up-to-date scholarship but these works may not be particularly user-friendly : after all , surveys have shown that etymological information is that least frequently sought by dictionary users , so it ill behooves publishers to devote a great deal of expensive space to it .

His purpose in this compiulation “ as well as reflecting current speech accurately ... was to represent a fresh approach to the material itself. ” [ p. iv ]
his purpose in this compiulation “ as well as [thinking/showing] current speech accurately ... was to represent a fresh approach to the material itself. ” [ p. iv ]

In Cornwall , heather is called by an altogether different name , namely , grig ; and in Wales it is called grug ( pronounced “ GREEG ” ) ; both words are Celtic , reflecting their ancient homelands .
in cornwall , heather is called by an altogether different name , namely , grig ; and in wales it is called grug ( pronounced “ greeg ” ) ; both words are celtic , [thinking/showing] their ancient homelands .

