Regardless of the decision two facts are clear .
[anyway/despite] of the decision two facts are clear .

The facts , he adds , are hidden from public view by squeamish objections to calling bad conditions by their right name and by insistence on token integration rather than on real improvement of the schools , regardless of the color of their students .
the facts , he adds , are hidden from public view by squeamish objections to calling bad conditions by their right name and by insistence on token integration rather than on real improvement of the schools , [anyway/despite] of the color of their students .

There ought to be a point beyond which we will not allow ourselves to go regardless of what Russia does .
there ought to be a point beyond which we will not allow ourselves to go [anyway/despite] of what russia does .

Fifteen years ago , troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world , a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women , regardless of creed or color , could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living .
fifteen years ago , troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world , a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women , [anyway/despite] of creed or color , could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living .

Regardless of nomenclature , yachtels and boatels are marinas .
[anyway/despite] of nomenclature , yachtels and boatels are marinas .

The result will be the same regardless of the order used .
the result will be the same [anyway/despite] of the order used .

A constant is a number that remains the same regardless of the other numbers used in the formula and the resultant equation .
a constant is a number that remains the same [anyway/despite] of the other numbers used in the formula and the resultant equation .

The compression ratio arrived at with the formula will be the same regardless of whether cubic inches or cubic centimeters are used .
the compression ratio arrived at with the formula will be the same [anyway/despite] of whether cubic inches or cubic centimeters are used .

Colt's center-fire 1961 rifles are all made with Sako actions , regardless of caliber .
colt's center-fire 1961 rifles are all made with sako actions , [anyway/despite] of caliber .

But no one complained when they wound up , regardless of season , in venison pies .
but no one complained when they wound up , [anyway/despite] of season , in venison pies .

With no set standards , there is the tendency to promote to the next highest level when the top of a salary band is reached regardless of performance .
with no set standards , there is the tendency to promote to the next highest level when the top of a salary band is reached [anyway/despite] of performance .

The basic costs are generally pretty much the same regardless of the agency through which you reserve your car , but some of them offer supplementary advantages .
the basic costs are generally pretty much the same [anyway/despite] of the agency through which you reserve your car , but some of them offer supplementary advantages .

Or does he sincerely want to tap the real springs of American attitude and culture regardless of how unpopular and embarrassing they may be ? ?
or does he sincerely want to tap the real springs of american attitude and culture [anyway/despite] of how unpopular and embarrassing they may be ? ?

`` Dry stock '' denoted , regardless of age or sex , such bovines as were givin' no milk .
`` dry stock '' denoted , [anyway/despite] of age or sex , such bovines as were givin' no milk .

Regardless of rights and wrongs , a population and an area appropriate to a pre-World-War- 1 great power have been , following conquest , ruled against their will by a neighboring people , and have had imposed upon them social and economic controls they dislike .
[anyway/despite] of rights and wrongs , a population and an area appropriate to a pre-world-war- 1 great power have been , following conquest , ruled against their will by a neighboring people , and have had imposed upon them social and economic controls they dislike .

Since the air is a continuum , the network of communication remains intact regardless of the positions or motions of the points ( the people ) in the net .
since the air is a continuum , the network of communication remains intact [anyway/despite] of the positions or motions of the points ( the people ) in the net .

Yet the attitude that the fate of the Presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can proceed with battles to be fought , regardless of the consequences .
yet the attitude that the fate of the presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can proceed with battles to be fought , [anyway/despite] of the consequences .

New Nations , and others struggling with the problems of development , will progress only -- regardless of any outside help -- if they demonstrate faith in their own destiny and use their own resources to fulfill it .
new nations , and others struggling with the problems of development , will progress only -- [anyway/despite] of any outside help -- if they demonstrate faith in their own destiny and use their own resources to fulfill it .

Inherently incapable of cooperating with others , he ran his own show regardless of how many party-line Democratic toes he stepped on .
inherently incapable of cooperating with others , he ran his own show [anyway/despite] of how many party-line democratic toes he stepped on .

He was shown a warm welcome regardless , and spent the time in Winchester recuperating from his ailment , enjoying his family and arranging his private affairs which were , of course , run down .
he was shown a warm welcome [anyway/despite] , and spent the time in winchester recuperating from his ailment , enjoying his family and arranging his private affairs which were , of course , run down .

On the basis that all citizens of the state are entitled to benefit equally in the development of its resources , plans for the provision of essential services ( such as water ) will be based on need regardless of arbitrary political boundaries , within the framework of the state plan .
on the basis that all citizens of the state are entitled to benefit equally in the development of its resources , plans for the provision of essential services ( such as water ) will be based on need [anyway/despite] of arbitrary political boundaries , within the framework of the state plan .

These provisions are designed to reflect the differences in wealth and population among the States , with the objective that a vocationally handicapped person have access to needed services regardless of whether he resides in a State with a low or high per capita income or a sparsely or thickly populated State .
these provisions are designed to reflect the differences in wealth and population among the states , with the objective that a vocationally handicapped person have access to needed services [anyway/despite] of whether he resides in a state with a low or high per capita income or a sparsely or thickly populated state .

Regardless of its unadjusted allotment , each State is guaranteed by law a minimum allotment each year equal to the allotment which it received in fiscal year 1954 -- increased by a uniform percentage of 5.4865771 which brings total 1954 allotments to all States up to $23,000,000 .
[anyway/despite] of its unadjusted allotment , each state is guaranteed by law a minimum allotment each year equal to the allotment which it received in fiscal year 1954 -- increased by a uniform percentage of 5.4865771 which brings total 1954 allotments to all states up to $23,000,000 .

The responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the Department who has a policy function , regardless of rank .
the responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the department who has a policy function , [anyway/despite] of rank .

A minor child is allowed A personal exemption of $600 on his own return regardless of how much money he may earn .
a minor child is allowed a personal exemption of $600 on his own return [anyway/despite] of how much money he may earn .

The insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis against starting buffer always showed intense agglutinin activity , regardless of the blood group of the donor .
the insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis against starting buffer always showed intense agglutinin activity , [anyway/despite] of the blood group of the donor .

In all cases the activity against Af cells was spread over a wider area than that with Af cells , regardless of the type of test ( saline , albumin , indirect Coombs ) used for comparison .
in all cases the activity against af cells was spread over a wider area than that with af cells , [anyway/despite] of the type of test ( saline , albumin , indirect coombs ) used for comparison .

Our conjecture is , then , that regardless of the manner in which school lessons are taught , the compulsive child accentuates those elements of each lesson that aid him in systematizing his work .
our conjecture is , then , that [anyway/despite] of the manner in which school lessons are taught , the compulsive child accentuates those elements of each lesson that aid him in systematizing his work .

Roleplaying can be done for quite a different purpose : to evaluate procedures , regardless of individuals .
roleplaying can be done for quite a different purpose : to evaluate procedures , [anyway/despite] of individuals .

Inevitably , one side was pleased and the other displeased , regardless of how we ruled .
inevitably , one side was pleased and the other displeased , [anyway/despite] of how we ruled .

Regardless of where personal sympathies may lie as between the parties , failure to recognize these changed conditions would be to ignore the facts of life .
[anyway/despite] of where personal sympathies may lie as between the parties , failure to recognize these changed conditions would be to ignore the facts of life .

These are those operating and capital costs found to vary with number of customers regardless , or almost regardless , of power consumption .
these are those operating and capital costs found to vary with number of customers [anyway/despite] , or almost [anyway/despite] , of power consumption .

If the symbolic name or actual address of an index word or electronic switch appears or is included in the operand of an XRELEASE or SRELEASE statement ( see page 101 ) , the specified index word or electronic switch will again be made available , regardless of the method by which it was reserved .
if the symbolic name or actual address of an index word or electronic switch appears or is included in the operand of an xrelease or srelease statement ( see page 101 ) , the specified index word or electronic switch will again be made available , [anyway/despite] of the method by which it was reserved .

What Gabriel was asking was that mankind forego all its parochial moral judgments , and contract to let the Angels serve on Earth as it is in Heaven regardless of the applicable Earth laws .
what gabriel was asking was that mankind forego all its parochial moral judgments , and contract to let the angels serve on earth as it is in heaven [anyway/despite] of the applicable earth laws .

They expected greater things from him , regardless of how trying the circumstances , and they were disappointed .
they expected greater things from him , [anyway/despite] of how trying the circumstances , and they were disappointed .

He was aware of her as a frightfully good-looking American WAC , a second lieutenant assigned to do the paper work , ( regardless of how important she might have thought she was ) in the Command offices , but that was all .
he was aware of her as a frightfully good-looking american wac , a second lieutenant assigned to do the paper work , ( [anyway/despite] of how important she might have thought she was ) in the command offices , but that was all .

Regardless of how much of a slob you knew yourself to be , you could be certain they would never find out -- and even if they did it would make no difference .
[anyway/despite] of how much of a slob you knew yourself to be , you could be certain they would never find out -- and even if they did it would make no difference .

The regatta continued regardless .
the regatta continued [anyway/despite] .

But some sunbathers went ahead regardless .
but some sunbathers went ahead [anyway/despite] .

Miss Spencer-Nairns solicitors say that a better way must be found of compensating the victims of medical treatment , regardless of if there 's any blame .
miss spencer-nairns solicitors say that a better way must be found of compensating the victims of medical treatment , [anyway/despite] of if there 's any blame .

Scientific experiments with certain species , such as rats , have shown that there is some association between colour and temperament , regardless of breeding or upbringing .
scientific experiments with certain species , such as rats , have shown that there is some association between colour and temperament , [anyway/despite] of breeding or upbringing .

But you got a red light there look ! You go on regardless and there 's a bloody red light down there !
but you got a red light there look ! you go on [anyway/despite] and there 's a bloody red light down there !

Regardless of who 's all play it was , the first team to identify the word earns control of the die and immediately rolls and advances the number of squares indicated .
[anyway/despite] of who 's all play it was , the first team to identify the word earns control of the die and immediately rolls and advances the number of squares indicated .

Well would n't it be making a point if erm everybody who was owed this time took it regardless
well would n't it be making a point if erm everybody who was owed this time took it [anyway/despite]

regardless of the weather , it does n't matter , we 'll see you
[anyway/despite] of the weather , it does n't matter , we 'll see you

You ca n't leave a tip regardless ?
you ca n't leave a tip [anyway/despite] ?

Yeah see them all the tab regardless of the , the length , like the one after iron will be a long one
yeah see them all the tab [anyway/despite] of the , the length , like the one after iron will be a long one

Would if the weather would take up . But still they book regardless of weather do n't they ?
would if the weather would take up . but still they book [anyway/despite] of weather do n't they ?

He gets his money regardless ?
he gets his money [anyway/despite] ?

The shadow foreign secretary , Jack Cunningham , said what had happened was the work of ‘ a scurrilous Government without principle , which will use any expedient to sustain its view regardless of the opinions of the Commons ’ .
the shadow foreign secretary , jack cunningham , said what had happened was the work of ‘ a scurrilous government without principle , which will use any expedient to sustain its view [anyway/despite] of the opinions of the commons ’ .

The faculty argued that her treatment had been exactly the same as that of any other applicant , regardless of his or her race or colour , who sought to join the bar .
the faculty argued that her treatment had been exactly the same as that of any other applicant , [anyway/despite] of his or her race or colour , who sought to join the bar .

Above 6 and the level is described as raised , regardless .
above 6 and the level is described as raised , [anyway/despite] .

These , as parents and pupils would tell you , include the equal treatment of all pupils regardless of race , religion or gender .
these , as parents and pupils would tell you , include the equal treatment of all pupils [anyway/despite] of race , religion or gender .

‘ When bad debts can mean the difference between survival and failure , companies , regardless , of their size , need to employ strict credit management procedures to assist in the timely collection of outstanding debts . ’
‘ when bad debts can mean the difference between survival and failure , companies , [anyway/despite] , of their size , need to employ strict credit management procedures to assist in the timely collection of outstanding debts . ’

He said anyone in the infected zone was severely restricted on the movement of pigs regardless of whether their animals had the disease .
he said anyone in the infected zone was severely restricted on the movement of pigs [anyway/despite] of whether their animals had the disease .

He said anyone in the infected zone was severely restricted on the movement of pigs regardless of whether their animals had the disease .
he said anyone in the infected zone was severely restricted on the movement of pigs [anyway/despite] of whether their animals had the disease .

Mr Lamont has also put his mark on Tory budgets for the next three years , regardless of whether he remains Chancellor .
mr lamont has also put his mark on tory budgets for the next three years , [anyway/despite] of whether he remains chancellor .

‘ Having made such a botch-up on coal , it is amazing that the Government have been so bloody-minded as to push on full steam ahead without prior consultation with the industry and regardless of a potentially devastating impact on jobs . ’
‘ having made such a botch-up on coal , it is amazing that the government have been so bloody-minded as to push on full steam ahead without prior consultation with the industry and [anyway/despite] of a potentially devastating impact on jobs . ’

The centre , which is housed in a former annexe of Allan Glen 's School , is open to anyone including children — suffering from stress of any kind , regardless of financial status .
the centre , which is housed in a former annexe of allan glen 's school , is open to anyone including children — suffering from stress of any kind , [anyway/despite] of financial status .

When Jess holds the ball , looking for men to beat , the truly hooked observer is caught in that exquisite dilemma of wishing he 'd get rid of it so as not to risk failure , while at the same time hoping he 'll carry on regardless and do something outrageous .
when jess holds the ball , looking for men to beat , the truly hooked observer is caught in that exquisite dilemma of wishing he 'd get rid of it so as not to risk failure , while at the same time hoping he 'll carry on [anyway/despite] and do something outrageous .

We were expected to put our hands in our pockets and shell out regardless of whether or not we were getting value for money .
we were expected to put our hands in our pockets and shell out [anyway/despite] of whether or not we were getting value for money .

‘ Rather than plough on regardless damaging the scheme and the partnerships we have created , we have decided to suspend the project . ’
‘ rather than plough on [anyway/despite] damaging the scheme and the partnerships we have created , we have decided to suspend the project . ’

General Manager James McCormack said : ‘ Rather than plough on regardless , we have decided to suspend the project . ’
general manager james mccormack said : ‘ rather than plough on [anyway/despite] , we have decided to suspend the project . ’

It also shows that regardless of all her suffering she has retained some of her charm and kind personality .
it also shows that [anyway/despite] of all her suffering she has retained some of her charm and kind personality .

The prevalence of a state is defined as the proportion of a population so categorized at a given point of time regardless of when those affected entered the state .
the prevalence of a state is defined as the proportion of a population so categorized at a given point of time [anyway/despite] of when those affected entered the state .

Regardless of their importance in sustaining accumulation by providing a growing market for consumer goods , wages must be regarded as a basically passive element in the process of realization .
[anyway/despite] of their importance in sustaining accumulation by providing a growing market for consumer goods , wages must be regarded as a basically passive element in the process of realization .

regardless when we come back well what are you going to make with it ?
[anyway/despite] when we come back well what are you going to make with it ?

At one stage it looked as if the balloon was going to take off regardless of the wishes of its crew who fought valiantly to keep it tethered .
at one stage it looked as if the balloon was going to take off [anyway/despite] of the wishes of its crew who fought valiantly to keep it tethered .

The government has decreed that the centrepiece of Manchester 's bid , a new £150m ‘ national ’ stadium , will be built regardless of the Olympics .
the government has decreed that the centrepiece of manchester 's bid , a new £150m ‘ national ’ stadium , will be built [anyway/despite] of the olympics .

‘ Some people seem to think they will be picked regardless .
‘ some people seem to think they will be picked [anyway/despite] .

Building on the success of Action Sport and Sports Motivation projects , Sportswork aims to encourage everyone , regardless of age or ability , to get involved in sport .
building on the success of action sport and sports motivation projects , sportswork aims to encourage everyone , [anyway/despite] of age or ability , to get involved in sport .

Discrimination against employing people started with those in their 40s , while over-50s were being pressed to take early retirement regardless of their individual ability or health , said the report , by Eurolink Age .
discrimination against employing people started with those in their 40s , while over-50s were being pressed to take early retirement [anyway/despite] of their individual ability or health , said the report , by eurolink age .

In a public survey , almost three out of four people thought that travel agents should give independent advice regardless of their financial links with any one operator , but only just over half , 54pc , thought this happened in practice .
in a public survey , almost three out of four people thought that travel agents should give independent advice [anyway/despite] of their financial links with any one operator , but only just over half , 54pc , thought this happened in practice .

Perhaps your correspondent could enlighten us as to the best method of preventing unwanted teenage pregnancy , bearing in mind that young people will always form sexual relationships , regardless of the wishes of their parents or anyone else to the contrary .
perhaps your correspondent could enlighten us as to the best method of preventing unwanted teenage pregnancy , bearing in mind that young people will always form sexual relationships , [anyway/despite] of the wishes of their parents or anyone else to the contrary .

Brook dispenses contraceptives to all , regardless of age or status , and including under-age girls .
brook dispenses contraceptives to all , [anyway/despite] of age or status , and including under-age girls .

In a public survey , almost three out of four people thought that travel agents should give independent advice regardless of their financial links with any one operator , but only just over half , 54pc , thought this happened in practice .
in a public survey , almost three out of four people thought that travel agents should give independent advice [anyway/despite] of their financial links with any one operator , but only just over half , 54pc , thought this happened in practice .

There 's been an increasing tendency for people to stay on at school because they really want to , where it was one of the great criticisms of the boom years that people simply stayed on the escalator regardless , did n't think whether they wanted to stay on to , into sixth form , did n't think whether they wanted to go on to university or higher education , erm just did it without thinking .
there 's been an increasing tendency for people to stay on at school because they really want to , where it was one of the great criticisms of the boom years that people simply stayed on the escalator [anyway/despite] , did n't think whether they wanted to stay on to , into sixth form , did n't think whether they wanted to go on to university or higher education , erm just did it without thinking .

Do you accept that , regardless of the background , is poor management on your behalf ?
do you accept that , [anyway/despite] of the background , is poor management on your behalf ?

If there is a vehicle on risk with us and a piston ring breaks , regardless of the reason we coverage the breakage of a component and therefore we would we would cover the cost of the replacement rings and the labour to do so .
if there is a vehicle on risk with us and a piston ring breaks , [anyway/despite] of the reason we coverage the breakage of a component and therefore we would we would cover the cost of the replacement rings and the labour to do so .

You can elaborate the scheme so that the electricity can be produced when the water is both flowing in and flowing out , and you can have extra divisions to ensure that electricity can be produced at all hours of the day or night , regardless of the condition of the tide .
you can elaborate the scheme so that the electricity can be produced when the water is both flowing in and flowing out , and you can have extra divisions to ensure that electricity can be produced at all hours of the day or night , [anyway/despite] of the condition of the tide .

The current system of vouchers offers the same benefit to all staff , regardless of personal circumstances .
the current system of vouchers offers the same benefit to all staff , [anyway/despite] of personal circumstances .

Rob reported : ‘ His prime consideration is for people , regardless of religion , colour , nationality or political persuasion .
rob reported : ‘ his prime consideration is for people , [anyway/despite] of religion , colour , nationality or political persuasion .

The only other major commodity which is based on lump sum rates regardless of quantities used , is water and the Water Companies are slowly moving over to a metered system in order to improve the discipline of use .
the only other major commodity which is based on lump sum rates [anyway/despite] of quantities used , is water and the water companies are slowly moving over to a metered system in order to improve the discipline of use .

That ruled out using the traditional aluminium-based tubes in favour of all-plastic laminated tubes that retain their shape regardless of how often they are squeezed .
that ruled out using the traditional aluminium-based tubes in favour of all-plastic laminated tubes that retain their shape [anyway/despite] of how often they are squeezed .

‘ This is where mobile data fits in , enabling businesses to fulfil their need for real time information flow regardless of location . ’
‘ this is where mobile data fits in , enabling businesses to fulfil their need for real time information flow [anyway/despite] of location . ’

Prior to this week , seriously injured victims of accidents were taken by ambulance to the nearest casualty department , regardless of their injuries .
prior to this week , seriously injured victims of accidents were taken by ambulance to the nearest casualty department , [anyway/despite] of their injuries .

They mistakenly believe they have got a God given right to survive and prosper , regardless of the state of the nation , the latest jobs crisis or more mundane matters like League standing .
they mistakenly believe they have got a god given right to survive and prosper , [anyway/despite] of the state of the nation , the latest jobs crisis or more mundane matters like league standing .

’ Despite the omens of stress and the disappointing results , the Germans kept up their ‘ preparations ’ , doggedly battering away on the Left Bank , regardless of cost .
’ despite the omens of stress and the disappointing results , the germans kept up their ‘ preparations ’ , doggedly battering away on the left bank , [anyway/despite] of cost .

At the end of March , the Crown Prince and his Chief-of-Staff , von Knobelsdorf , were still dedicated to the capture of Verdun , come what may ; equally , Falkenhayn was still true ( in his indecisive fashion ) to his aim of bleeding the French Army to death at Verdun , regardless of whether or not the city fell in the process .
at the end of march , the crown prince and his chief-of-staff , von knobelsdorf , were still dedicated to the capture of verdun , come what may ; equally , falkenhayn was still true ( in his indecisive fashion ) to his aim of bleeding the french army to death at verdun , [anyway/despite] of whether or not the city fell in the process .

The vacuum created ensures an even pressure is applied throughout the surface of the mould so the part follows the contours of the mould perfectly , regardless of its complexity .
the vacuum created ensures an even pressure is applied throughout the surface of the mould so the part follows the contours of the mould perfectly , [anyway/despite] of its complexity .

Regardless of whether it 's a restyle or trim .
[anyway/despite] of whether it 's a restyle or trim .

It 's commonly held that instruments are generally better made these days — even the cheap ones — and one of the prime benefits of this is that the purchaser has a better than even chance of buying a worthwhile instrument , regardless of cost .
it 's commonly held that instruments are generally better made these days — even the cheap ones — and one of the prime benefits of this is that the purchaser has a better than even chance of buying a worthwhile instrument , [anyway/despite] of cost .

meaning ‘ household ’ , regardless of what the Government or the proposers of the new Clause might wish it to mean .
meaning ‘ household ’ , [anyway/despite] of what the government or the proposers of the new clause might wish it to mean .

When the trade unions established the Labour Party as a parliamentary voice for organised labour , they likewise established the ‘ duty to win ’ — to achieve power in Parliament and then to hang on to that power come what may , or put more bluntly , regardless of socialist principle .
when the trade unions established the labour party as a parliamentary voice for organised labour , they likewise established the ‘ duty to win ’ — to achieve power in parliament and then to hang on to that power come what may , or put more bluntly , [anyway/despite] of socialist principle .

Regardless of advertising , competition or gift sponsorship , even personal friendships , we shall continue to be firm but fair in our reviewing .
[anyway/despite] of advertising , competition or gift sponsorship , even personal friendships , we shall continue to be firm but fair in our reviewing .

Regardless of your opinion of the hard driving , speed metal wares of high flying thrash titans Metallica , Slayer , Anthrax and Megadeth , there 's no denying their impressive longevity and there 's certainly no way of ignoring their ever increasing popularity .
[anyway/despite] of your opinion of the hard driving , speed metal wares of high flying thrash titans metallica , slayer , anthrax and megadeth , there 's no denying their impressive longevity and there 's certainly no way of ignoring their ever increasing popularity .

Would Underwood have scored ? Who knows ? But this was surely one occasion that , for the good of the game , the benefit of the doubt must surely have been given to England , regardless of the word of the law .
would underwood have scored ? who knows ? but this was surely one occasion that , for the good of the game , the benefit of the doubt must surely have been given to england , [anyway/despite] of the word of the law .

Finally , Schrager and Short focus on ‘ illegal ’ acts , but they do not stress that this refers to acts punishable by the state regardless of whether they are subsumed under civil , administrative , or criminal law .
finally , schrager and short focus on ‘ illegal ’ acts , but they do not stress that this refers to acts punishable by the state [anyway/despite] of whether they are subsumed under civil , administrative , or criminal law .

Regardless of your area of specialisation , the old epithet of ‘ tried and trusted ’ has been replaced by experimentation and sometimes cursory evaluation of what is achieved by one approach to a nursing procedure over another .
[anyway/despite] of your area of specialisation , the old epithet of ‘ tried and trusted ’ has been replaced by experimentation and sometimes cursory evaluation of what is achieved by one approach to a nursing procedure over another .

Those responsible for recruiting qualified nurses back into practice should be in the business of welcoming back all staff who have expressed an interest in returning , regardless of age or length of break in service .
those responsible for recruiting qualified nurses back into practice should be in the business of welcoming back all staff who have expressed an interest in returning , [anyway/despite] of age or length of break in service .

Regardless of the amount of time involved it seems likely that staff will always opt for more time if this is offered to them .
[anyway/despite] of the amount of time involved it seems likely that staff will always opt for more time if this is offered to them .

Regardless of the shape you 're in at the finish , only a glutton for punishment will relish the long haul back down the road to the car .
[anyway/despite] of the shape you 're in at the finish , only a glutton for punishment will relish the long haul back down the road to the car .

Crew race on regardless
crew race on [anyway/despite]

Comfort , practicality and ease of care are attractive to office workers and hill walkers alike and the flexibility of lightweight trousers means that most of us will end up owning a pair or two , regardless of our outdoor interest .
comfort , practicality and ease of care are attractive to office workers and hill walkers alike and the flexibility of lightweight trousers means that most of us will end up owning a pair or two , [anyway/despite] of our outdoor interest .

Windsor became London for Carry On Loving and Regardless , Maidenhead town hall was transformed into Finisham Maternity Hospital for Matron .
windsor became london for carry on loving and [anyway/despite] , maidenhead town hall was transformed into finisham maternity hospital for matron .

At the age of seven , they fall about regardless .
at the age of seven , they fall about [anyway/despite] .

Jackson ploughed on regardless .
jackson ploughed on [anyway/despite] .

The staff were informed that the company could not afford to pay overtime to anyone — regardless of sex , race , age or disability .
the staff were informed that the company could not afford to pay overtime to anyone — [anyway/despite] of sex , race , age or disability .

There is little point in sending an employee abroad because he is the only candidate to apply regardless of his ability to complete the posting .
there is little point in sending an employee abroad because he is the only candidate to apply [anyway/despite] of his ability to complete the posting .

If your mind is on the new member of the family you 're probably less likely to concentrate on your own aches and pains , regardless of whether they are physical or psychological .
if your mind is on the new member of the family you 're probably less likely to concentrate on your own aches and pains , [anyway/despite] of whether they are physical or psychological .

Very few games , regardless of quality , can convey the general atmosphere of a film , no matter how hard the programmer has tried .
very few games , [anyway/despite] of quality , can convey the general atmosphere of a film , no matter how hard the programmer has tried .

‘ This current system , ’ added Mrs. Buttigieg , ‘ would appear to work on a first come first served basis , regardless of whether or not one is a regular customer ’ .
‘ this current system , ’ added mrs. buttigieg , ‘ would appear to work on a first come first served basis , [anyway/despite] of whether or not one is a regular customer ’ .

The artwork needs to offer the greatest possible contrast to the camera , so it is best to use a very black ink on a very white paper ( equally true , of course , for photocopying regardless of what colour paper you want to print on ) .
the artwork needs to offer the greatest possible contrast to the camera , so it is best to use a very black ink on a very white paper ( equally true , of course , for photocopying [anyway/despite] of what colour paper you want to print on ) .

‘ And regardless of the business methods you use ? ’
‘ and [anyway/despite] of the business methods you use ? ’

If the first shot hits you can fire again , regardless of whether you wounded or killed with your first shot .
if the first shot hits you can fire again , [anyway/despite] of whether you wounded or killed with your first shot .

If the first shot hits you can fire again , regardless of whether you wounded or killed with your first shot .
if the first shot hits you can fire again , [anyway/despite] of whether you wounded or killed with your first shot .

Flagellants will fight on in hand-to-hand combat regardless of casualties or circumstances .
flagellants will fight on in hand-to-hand combat [anyway/despite] of casualties or circumstances .

Regardless of whether they are provincial troops or city state troops , these forces are known as the state regiments .
[anyway/despite] of whether they are provincial troops or city state troops , these forces are known as the state regiments .

Its ranks are open to all young men of noble birth regardless of where they live within the Empire .
its ranks are open to all young men of noble birth [anyway/despite] of where they live within the empire .

This gives 1 extra attack , worked out immediately prior to hand-to-hand combat regardless of initiative levels or which side charged .
this gives 1 extra attack , worked out immediately prior to hand-to-hand combat [anyway/despite] of initiative levels or which side charged .

Before 1914 workers suffered from employers ' determination and ability ( in a situation of a plentiful labour supply ) to maintain low money wages regardless of the costs in terms of low productivity and slow adaptation to new technological possibilities .
before 1914 workers suffered from employers ' determination and ability ( in a situation of a plentiful labour supply ) to maintain low money wages [anyway/despite] of the costs in terms of low productivity and slow adaptation to new technological possibilities .

Anyone , regardless of his present reading skills , can use this simple technique to improve his reading ability to a remarkable degree .
anyone , [anyway/despite] of his present reading skills , can use this simple technique to improve his reading ability to a remarkable degree .

Regardless of the size & condition of your aircraft after an accident or forced landing , we can recover your aircraft to any location of your choice for repair or storage , at a realistic price and without causing further damage .
[anyway/despite] of the size & condition of your aircraft after an accident or forced landing , we can recover your aircraft to any location of your choice for repair or storage , at a realistic price and without causing further damage .

Open Standards offer freedom … freedom to get the most from your existing investment , freedom to acquire the latest technology , freedom to choose the system that fits your needs most closely , regardless of vendor .
open standards offer freedom … freedom to get the most from your existing investment , freedom to acquire the latest technology , freedom to choose the system that fits your needs most closely , [anyway/despite] of vendor .

Mr Johnstone said the group could no longer guarantee a bed for life regardless of whether residents were privately funded or eligible for income support .
mr johnstone said the group could no longer guarantee a bed for life [anyway/despite] of whether residents were privately funded or eligible for income support .

Yet , is it right that an old person should be able to enter residential care to be supported by the state regardless of his or her physical or mental state ?
yet , is it right that an old person should be able to enter residential care to be supported by the state [anyway/despite] of his or her physical or mental state ?

The studies that have been undertaken on early Anglo-Saxon pottery emphasise that , unlike the more exotic materials discussed above , it rarely travelled far from a clay source to the point of consumption , regardless of whether it was for funerary or domestic purposes ; some classes of funerary pottery may have been transported further .
the studies that have been undertaken on early anglo-saxon pottery emphasise that , unlike the more exotic materials discussed above , it rarely travelled far from a clay source to the point of consumption , [anyway/despite] of whether it was for funerary or domestic purposes ; some classes of funerary pottery may have been transported further .

In every single state , regardless of the political party in power , the police , army and paramilitary forces use torture as a matter of daily routine .
in every single state , [anyway/despite] of the political party in power , the police , army and paramilitary forces use torture as a matter of daily routine .

Even when investigations do take place , the police version of events , is often accepted without question , regardless of the implausibility of their story .
even when investigations do take place , the police version of events , is often accepted without question , [anyway/despite] of the implausibility of their story .

The object of the evening is to demonstrate that we at Motorlux place great emphasis on total customer care regardless of their sex or knowledge of the workings of the modern motor car .
the object of the evening is to demonstrate that we at motorlux place great emphasis on total customer care [anyway/despite] of their sex or knowledge of the workings of the modern motor car .

Regardless of evidence to the contrary , the authorities in the People 's Republic of China maintain that there are no political prisoners in China .
[anyway/despite] of evidence to the contrary , the authorities in the people 's republic of china maintain that there are no political prisoners in china .

At first , Sally was somewhat bewildered by my suggestion that her body was just trying to confirm her beliefs and that , if she honestly believed her body would maintain its weight , regardless of what she ate , then it would do so .
at first , sally was somewhat bewildered by my suggestion that her body was just trying to confirm her beliefs and that , if she honestly believed her body would maintain its weight , [anyway/despite] of what she ate , then it would do so .

Basic citizenship — that is the right to have certain privileges regardless of ethnicity or nationality — makes those rights actually impossible to achieve .
basic citizenship — that is the right to have certain privileges [anyway/despite] of ethnicity or nationality — makes those rights actually impossible to achieve .

He indicated that he would introduce whatever evidence he thought to be appropriate , regardless of whether such evidence had formed part of the reasons for the suspension or not .
he indicated that he would introduce whatever evidence he thought to be appropriate , [anyway/despite] of whether such evidence had formed part of the reasons for the suspension or not .

, always overtake on the right , regardless of circuit direction
, always overtake on the right , [anyway/despite] of circuit direction

E-words , regardless of how bizarre and distressing , as in the States , or how passionate and climactic , as at home , come and go .
e-words , [anyway/despite] of how bizarre and distressing , as in the states , or how passionate and climactic , as at home , come and go .

It would be difficult to justify an economic system in which wages were determined by a form of lottery ; or in which monopoly and exploitation were the order of day ; or in which each person earned the same wage regardless of effort , risk or training .
it would be difficult to justify an economic system in which wages were determined by a form of lottery ; or in which monopoly and exploitation were the order of day ; or in which each person earned the same wage [anyway/despite] of effort , risk or training .

Part of the judgment is that the whole productive process is fractured and that in particular work now assumes an element of drudgery and toil , regardless of whether that work is manual , non-manual , skilled , unskilled , managerial or professional .
part of the judgment is that the whole productive process is fractured and that in particular work now assumes an element of drudgery and toil , [anyway/despite] of whether that work is manual , non-manual , skilled , unskilled , managerial or professional .

Regardless of intention , public expenditure as a proportion of national income has gone on rising .
[anyway/despite] of intention , public expenditure as a proportion of national income has gone on rising .

These cross-temporal flashes suggest , perhaps , that some things are bound to happen regardless of what people do or choose .
these cross-temporal flashes suggest , perhaps , that some things are bound to happen [anyway/despite] of what people do or choose .

If there is one moral in the interlacements of the latter it is that you must do your duty regardless of what you think is going to happen .
if there is one moral in the interlacements of the latter it is that you must do your duty [anyway/despite] of what you think is going to happen .

It is fair to say , though , that against this basic drive all minds also possess a wish to ignore principles and concentrate instead on single entities regardless of their place in larger systems , to appreciate them simply for themselves .
it is fair to say , though , that against this basic drive all minds also possess a wish to ignore principles and concentrate instead on single entities [anyway/despite] of their place in larger systems , to appreciate them simply for themselves .

Regardless of their sacerdotal status they , too , had to provide sufficient funds for their endowment but , as they were often as wealthy and powerful as the nobility , this was no hardship .
[anyway/despite] of their sacerdotal status they , too , had to provide sufficient funds for their endowment but , as they were often as wealthy and powerful as the nobility , this was no hardship .

Regardless of whoever is handling the case you must be sure :
[anyway/despite] of whoever is handling the case you must be sure :

The private enterprise sheriffs used by the High Court are paid on results and are considered to be more efficient than the public servant County Court bailiffs who get their salaries regardless of results .
the private enterprise sheriffs used by the high court are paid on results and are considered to be more efficient than the public servant county court bailiffs who get their salaries [anyway/despite] of results .

Regardless of these , orders below a certain value are hard to justify in terms of collection and administration costs .
[anyway/despite] of these , orders below a certain value are hard to justify in terms of collection and administration costs .

They want to increase sales by selling to anyone regardless of whether we are likely to get paid or not .
they want to increase sales by selling to anyone [anyway/despite] of whether we are likely to get paid or not .

They therefore received the doubtful honour of pouring out for some two hundred ladies , regardless of the fact that it was a very arduous and tiring task .
they therefore received the doubtful honour of pouring out for some two hundred ladies , [anyway/despite] of the fact that it was a very arduous and tiring task .

In the manual occupations it is difficult to determine a man 's actual position : a smith , for example , was a smith regardless of whether he was assessed at £2 or £20 .
in the manual occupations it is difficult to determine a man 's actual position : a smith , for example , was a smith [anyway/despite] of whether he was assessed at £2 or £20 .

Here for once a rural industry had been set up regardless of the availability of local labour or any need to create employment ; at first people in the Weald lacked not merely skill but also , it would seem , sufficient incentive .
here for once a rural industry had been set up [anyway/despite] of the availability of local labour or any need to create employment ; at first people in the weald lacked not merely skill but also , it would seem , sufficient incentive .

Black-fletched arrows hit Dwarf and Night Goblin alike , but the archers carried on shooting regardless , ignoring the hurt done to their fellows .
black-fletched arrows hit dwarf and night goblin alike , but the archers carried on shooting [anyway/despite] , ignoring the hurt done to their fellows .

You 'll be affected by animosity regardless and without supporting troops of some kind you 'll be out-shot by bows and crossbows , crushed by war machines , and given the run around by skirmishers .
you 'll be affected by animosity [anyway/despite] and without supporting troops of some kind you 'll be out-shot by bows and crossbows , crushed by war machines , and given the run around by skirmishers .

Fewer teachers have difficulties in responding to reminders that children share substantial common ground regardless of whatever special attention they may need at any one time .
fewer teachers have difficulties in responding to reminders that children share substantial common ground [anyway/despite] of whatever special attention they may need at any one time .

These include such essentials as a preliminary sounding meeting with the head and whoever else is part of the school 's senior management ( i.e. anyone in a position to further the aims of the group ) to secure their sanction and support ; and an introductory meeting with as many of the staff as possible and manageable , for instance over a working lunch , regardless of who will eventually join the group , so that everybody knows what it will be about and interest is generated even in those who may not wish to join it .
these include such essentials as a preliminary sounding meeting with the head and whoever else is part of the school 's senior management ( i.e. anyone in a position to further the aims of the group ) to secure their sanction and support ; and an introductory meeting with as many of the staff as possible and manageable , for instance over a working lunch , [anyway/despite] of who will eventually join the group , so that everybody knows what it will be about and interest is generated even in those who may not wish to join it .

They assume that the natural world has an independent existence of its own , which is as it is regardless of those who are studying it , and which is governed by laws which can be discovered by the research scientist if only the right methods can be developed .
they assume that the natural world has an independent existence of its own , which is as it is [anyway/despite] of those who are studying it , and which is governed by laws which can be discovered by the research scientist if only the right methods can be developed .

Observation in the first few months showed that , almost regardless of what changes were made , output went up , even when conditions were apparently worsened .
observation in the first few months showed that , almost [anyway/despite] of what changes were made , output went up , even when conditions were apparently worsened .

This extra pension is paid either when you claim your pension or when you reach 70 ( 65 ) , regardless of whether you have retired from work or not .
this extra pension is paid either when you claim your pension or when you reach 70 ( 65 ) , [anyway/despite] of whether you have retired from work or not .

Today everyone receives the same basic personal allowance , regardless of whether they are male , female , married or single ; and regardless of whether any income they have comes from earnings , an investment , their pension or other source .
today everyone receives the same basic personal allowance , [anyway/despite] of whether they are male , female , married or single ; and [anyway/despite] of whether any income they have comes from earnings , an investment , their pension or other source .

This is so even though it might be true that any infant , regardless of race or family niche , can acquire the tongue of any community .
this is so even though it might be true that any infant , [anyway/despite] of race or family niche , can acquire the tongue of any community .

Regardless of the deftness we normally bring to our relationships , when conflict surfaces its power to overwhelm us can be deeply perplexing .
[anyway/despite] of the deftness we normally bring to our relationships , when conflict surfaces its power to overwhelm us can be deeply perplexing .

The child receives no interest from the parent and so starts to behave in a way to gain more attention regardless of the fact that it is negative and unpleasant .
the child receives no interest from the parent and so starts to behave in a way to gain more attention [anyway/despite] of the fact that it is negative and unpleasant .

This progress occurs regardless of whether a child shows emotional and behavioural disturbance .
this progress occurs [anyway/despite] of whether a child shows emotional and behavioural disturbance .

Both find that life , and of course the activity of philosophy , is untenable without some standards of absolute truth , the canon of ‘ reason ’ , which can generate knowledge that can be held to be true regardless of perspective or context .
both find that life , and of course the activity of philosophy , is untenable without some standards of absolute truth , the canon of ‘ reason ’ , which can generate knowledge that can be held to be true [anyway/despite] of perspective or context .

Knowledge was returned to the individual knowing subject so that it could be analysed ( regardless of its truth or falsity ) as a product of the ‘ norms ’ within which the individual must operate .
knowledge was returned to the individual knowing subject so that it could be analysed ( [anyway/despite] of its truth or falsity ) as a product of the ‘ norms ’ within which the individual must operate .

The relational perspective simply explores the social features of any knowledge process , regardless of any claims it might make to be independent of social determination .
the relational perspective simply explores the social features of any knowledge process , [anyway/despite] of any claims it might make to be independent of social determination .

If meaning can be derived by participants in the communication then there must be a significatory system operating and it can be analysed at the level of the first order regardless of what the meaning is .
if meaning can be derived by participants in the communication then there must be a significatory system operating and it can be analysed at the level of the first order [anyway/despite] of what the meaning is .

This holds true regardless of our current status , as single , married , co-habiting , divorced , widowed adults with or without children of our own .
this holds true [anyway/despite] of our current status , as single , married , co-habiting , divorced , widowed adults with or without children of our own .

The crooked tycoon who plunged overboard from his yacht a year ago assigned his wife a sub-lease which allows her to live in part of the Victorian mansion regardless of the impending sale of the 15 acre estate .
the crooked tycoon who plunged overboard from his yacht a year ago assigned his wife a sub-lease which allows her to live in part of the victorian mansion [anyway/despite] of the impending sale of the 15 acre estate .

The Bishop of Gloucester claimed in June 1988 that ‘ wealth gained regardless of the welfare of the rest of the community is difficult to justify ’ .
the bishop of gloucester claimed in june 1988 that ‘ wealth gained [anyway/despite] of the welfare of the rest of the community is difficult to justify ’ .

She would lose contact with William and Harry and , as heirs to the throne , the two princes would continue to be brought up within the Palace confines regardless of their mother 's whereabouts .
she would lose contact with william and harry and , as heirs to the throne , the two princes would continue to be brought up within the palace confines [anyway/despite] of their mother 's whereabouts .

It was said to be Philip who chose to send his sons to Gordonstoun , regardless of the effects the school 's strict regime might have on them — a regime that might , along with their father 's exacting standards , have contributed to their inability to sustain loving relationships .
it was said to be philip who chose to send his sons to gordonstoun , [anyway/despite] of the effects the school 's strict regime might have on them — a regime that might , along with their father 's exacting standards , have contributed to their inability to sustain loving relationships .

Moreover , this is likely to be the case regardless of whether the children now live independently or the family home is still shared , for in either case there will have been an almost complete role-reversal .
moreover , this is likely to be the case [anyway/despite] of whether the children now live independently or the family home is still shared , for in either case there will have been an almost complete role-reversal .

In family counselling , regardless of the starting point , difficult issues should be tackled rather than left because it is considered ‘ kinder ’ to do so .
in family counselling , [anyway/despite] of the starting point , difficult issues should be tackled rather than left because it is considered ‘ kinder ’ to do so .

The result is that older people can be attacked from either direction regardless of what they decide to do .
the result is that older people can be attacked from either direction [anyway/despite] of what they decide to do .

These fears were expressed , under interrogation , by every male study subject beyond 40 years of age … Regardless of whether the individual male study subject had ever experienced an instance of erective difficulty , the probability that secondary impotence was associated directly with the ageing process was vocalised constantly .
these fears were expressed , under interrogation , by every male study subject beyond 40 years of age … [anyway/despite] of whether the individual male study subject had ever experienced an instance of erective difficulty , the probability that secondary impotence was associated directly with the ageing process was vocalised constantly .

They walked regardless of the weather : on early spring mornings when the sky was remote and pale as a plover 's egg ; on stormy autumn afternoons when they felt they could reach up and touch the lowering clouds that covered the land like a bruise ; and on frozen winter days when the sky was a white membrane stretched so tight that they could imagine it cracking with the cold .
they walked [anyway/despite] of the weather : on early spring mornings when the sky was remote and pale as a plover 's egg ; on stormy autumn afternoons when they felt they could reach up and touch the lowering clouds that covered the land like a bruise ; and on frozen winter days when the sky was a white membrane stretched so tight that they could imagine it cracking with the cold .

Or are we able to exert freedom of choice regardless of what is determined by other factors ?
or are we able to exert freedom of choice [anyway/despite] of what is determined by other factors ?

In acknowledging other people 's active status , by finding out about them and their personal lives through informal socialising regardless of overt status , it 's possible to learn and understand a great deal .
in acknowledging other people 's active status , by finding out about them and their personal lives through informal socialising [anyway/despite] of overt status , it 's possible to learn and understand a great deal .

In telephone and face-to-face selling standard sales pitches are used , regardless of the specific needs of the customer .
in telephone and face-to-face selling standard sales pitches are used , [anyway/despite] of the specific needs of the customer .

Flowers and leaves , being natural materials , have a mind of their own and regardless of how carefully you follow my instructions on how to press , some of the petals will decide to bend before the press is shut , or develop brown patches for no reason at all .
flowers and leaves , being natural materials , have a mind of their own and [anyway/despite] of how carefully you follow my instructions on how to press , some of the petals will decide to bend before the press is shut , or develop brown patches for no reason at all .

Small babies always look lovely in photographs , regardless of the surround , but you could make the picture of a new baby even more special by decorating it with a pretty mount .
small babies always look lovely in photographs , [anyway/despite] of the surround , but you could make the picture of a new baby even more special by decorating it with a pretty mount .

By homing in on a national hero , Clinton will be keeping one of his early election promises to pick the best people — regardless of their party affiliaton .
by homing in on a national hero , clinton will be keeping one of his early election promises to pick the best people — [anyway/despite] of their party affiliaton .

‘ With the intention of permanently depriving the other of it ’ briefly means treating the property as his own regardless of the other 's rights , e.g .
‘ with the intention of permanently depriving the other of it ’ briefly means treating the property as his own [anyway/despite] of the other 's rights , e.g .

Mark uses the story to introduce the fact that the message of the Gospel is not only for the Jews but is for everyone regardless of race .
mark uses the story to introduce the fact that the message of the gospel is not only for the jews but is for everyone [anyway/despite] of race .

Some are called to leave everything and follow , regardless of cost .
some are called to leave everything and follow , [anyway/despite] of cost .

People who have a vocation to the priesthood , ordained ministry or religious orders are required to turn their backs–on personal wishes and commit themselves to God regardless of cost .
people who have a vocation to the priesthood , ordained ministry or religious orders are required to turn their backs–on personal wishes and commit themselves to god [anyway/despite] of cost .

Perhaps Jesus meant by this the ‘ outcasts ’ of Jewish society , although it is equally possible that he meant that God 's message — the kingdom — was for everyone , regardless of race .
perhaps jesus meant by this the ‘ outcasts ’ of jewish society , although it is equally possible that he meant that god 's message — the kingdom — was for everyone , [anyway/despite] of race .

But when match day came round , their feet carried them there regardless .
but when match day came round , their feet carried them there [anyway/despite] .

These are delivered to each desk on a single windowed workstation screen , regardless of where the application is actually running .
these are delivered to each desk on a single windowed workstation screen , [anyway/despite] of where the application is actually running .

The Special Commissioner found that the taxpayer was entitled to elect for the amount distributed to be reduced by the allowable expenditure in accordance with s 74 ( 4 ) , since , as a matter of construction , the provision applied to all capital distributions in respect of shares regardless of the relative amount .
the special commissioner found that the taxpayer was entitled to elect for the amount distributed to be reduced by the allowable expenditure in accordance with s 74 ( 4 ) , since , as a matter of construction , the provision applied to all capital distributions in respect of shares [anyway/despite] of the relative amount .

Regardless of the obstacles , though , Mr Aimetti is an enthusiast for what Iveco is achieving .
[anyway/despite] of the obstacles , though , mr aimetti is an enthusiast for what iveco is achieving .

Note 46 to the accounts shows the effect on revenue and reserves of adopting equity accounting for the whole of the equity investment portfolio regardless of whether the investments are associated undertakings or not .
note 46 to the accounts shows the effect on revenue and reserves of adopting equity accounting for the whole of the equity investment portfolio [anyway/despite] of whether the investments are associated undertakings or not .

Regardless of the Swastika 's configuration , i.e. right-angled or left-angled , the symbol 's significance does not suffer : it merely indicates two opposing principles , evolution and dissolution .
[anyway/despite] of the swastika 's configuration , i.e. right-angled or left-angled , the symbol 's significance does not suffer : it merely indicates two opposing principles , evolution and dissolution .

Emigrant workers , regardless of ethnicity , were more often accused of property crime , while some localities near the south-western coast produced a large proportion of violent offenders .
emigrant workers , [anyway/despite] of ethnicity , were more often accused of property crime , while some localities near the south-western coast produced a large proportion of violent offenders .

In principle all children , regardless of sex or parentage , were entitled to equal shares of property when a landholder died intestate .
in principle all children , [anyway/despite] of sex or parentage , were entitled to equal shares of property when a landholder died intestate .

Since the official language of the court was English , all testimony in other languages was translated regardless of the composition of the jury .
since the official language of the court was english , all testimony in other languages was translated [anyway/despite] of the composition of the jury .

Some want the rotation requirement to apply to all companies , regardless of the problems that would cause for smaller practices ; others want it kept to listed and other public interest clients .
some want the rotation requirement to apply to all companies , [anyway/despite] of the problems that would cause for smaller practices ; others want it kept to listed and other public interest clients .

The other girls could be forgiven for being depressed — after all , they were facing a racing dynamo , who seemed indestructible , regardless of weather conditions .
the other girls could be forgiven for being depressed — after all , they were facing a racing dynamo , who seemed indestructible , [anyway/despite] of weather conditions .

Women cast down , on whom life had left its mark , were to him sisters under the skin regardless of station .
women cast down , on whom life had left its mark , were to him sisters under the skin [anyway/despite] of station .

Creamy cleansers are most effective at removing makeup , regardless of your skin type ( always use two applications for a thorough cleanse ) , but they do tend to leave a greasy residue .
creamy cleansers are most effective at removing makeup , [anyway/despite] of your skin type ( always use two applications for a thorough cleanse ) , but they do tend to leave a greasy residue .

Some commentators are now claiming that the whole Green consumer wave was just a fashionable spasm , and that the vast majority of people have now reverted to their usual habits , regardless of their environmental impact .
some commentators are now claiming that the whole green consumer wave was just a fashionable spasm , and that the vast majority of people have now reverted to their usual habits , [anyway/despite] of their environmental impact .

Camcorders on the other hand have to be given a little help to cope with different kinds of lighting by adjustment of their internal white balance settings to enable them to ‘ see ’ white as the same neutral colour regardless of the conditions .
camcorders on the other hand have to be given a little help to cope with different kinds of lighting by adjustment of their internal white balance settings to enable them to ‘ see ’ white as the same neutral colour [anyway/despite] of the conditions .

For example , if users hold excessive expectations about whether accounts can indicate subsequent financial collapse , that will create an expectations gap regardless of what auditors can or should do about it .
for example , if users hold excessive expectations about whether accounts can indicate subsequent financial collapse , that will create an expectations gap [anyway/despite] of what auditors can or should do about it .

Similarly , if accounting standards are in disarray , that will create a gap too , again regardless of anything that auditors might do .
similarly , if accounting standards are in disarray , that will create a gap too , again [anyway/despite] of anything that auditors might do .

This period applies regardless of any direction contained in the will to make a payment earlier .
this period applies [anyway/despite] of any direction contained in the will to make a payment earlier .

Earlier this year a report commissioned by Christiane Scrivener , the European Commissioner responsible for taxation , proposed a 30% withholding tax in all member states regardless of whether profits are retained or distributed as dividends .
earlier this year a report commissioned by christiane scrivener , the european commissioner responsible for taxation , proposed a 30% withholding tax in all member states [anyway/despite] of whether profits are retained or distributed as dividends .

This proposes that all women should be entitled to maternity leave for 14 weeks regardless of length of service .
this proposes that all women should be entitled to maternity leave for 14 weeks [anyway/despite] of length of service .

There are two years in which to implement the Directive , but implementing provisions relating to the entitlement to maternity leave for 14 weeks regardless of length of service are contained in the Trade Union Reform and Employment Rights Bill 1992 , which was published on 5 November .
there are two years in which to implement the directive , but implementing provisions relating to the entitlement to maternity leave for 14 weeks [anyway/despite] of length of service are contained in the trade union reform and employment rights bill 1992 , which was published on 5 november .

One in seven men and more than one in four women have difficulty sleeping — regardless of whether they are unemployed or working irregular shifts .
one in seven men and more than one in four women have difficulty sleeping — [anyway/despite] of whether they are unemployed or working irregular shifts .

This is true regardless of whether the child will be born into poverty .
this is true [anyway/despite] of whether the child will be born into poverty .

Some banks , such as National Westminster , charge a one-off rate of £3.50 per transaction regardless of the amount or number of different currencies required .
some banks , such as national westminster , charge a one-off rate of £3.50 per transaction [anyway/despite] of the amount or number of different currencies required .

The transfer of sums out of the creditors ' total in the balance sheet does not , of itself , imply dishonesty and would not be an offence under the Theft Act 1968 , since any creditor able to prove the sum owing within the six year limitation period would be paid , regardless of the accounting treatment adopted .
the transfer of sums out of the creditors ' total in the balance sheet does not , of itself , imply dishonesty and would not be an offence under the theft act 1968 , since any creditor able to prove the sum owing within the six year limitation period would be paid , [anyway/despite] of the accounting treatment adopted .

This ambiguity does not greatly alter our conclusions regarding airburst altitude : once an object has spread to , say , twice its initial radius , its further spreading happens so quickly that an ‘ explosion altitude ’ is defined to within a few kilometres , regardless of whether the explosion is taken to occur then or when the object has spread to 5–10 times its initial radius .
this ambiguity does not greatly alter our conclusions regarding airburst altitude : once an object has spread to , say , twice its initial radius , its further spreading happens so quickly that an ‘ explosion altitude ’ is defined to within a few kilometres , [anyway/despite] of whether the explosion is taken to occur then or when the object has spread to 5–10 times its initial radius .

Transition data are therefore more readily interpreted if the magnetic pole lying initially at the North Geographic Pole is plotted regardless of its sign .
transition data are therefore more readily interpreted if the magnetic pole lying initially at the north geographic pole is plotted [anyway/despite] of its sign .

Norway announced it would resume commercial whaling regardless of an international ban .
norway announced it would resume commercial whaling [anyway/despite] of an international ban .

However , it did draw attention to an important point that seemed to have eluded positivist correctionalism : crime does not have a blanket , objective status that enables us automatically to be against it regardless of what ‘ it ’ is .
however , it did draw attention to an important point that seemed to have eluded positivist correctionalism : crime does not have a blanket , objective status that enables us automatically to be against it [anyway/despite] of what ‘ it ’ is .

If such crimes really are entirely accounted for by the possession of abnormal motives propelling their possessors into crime regardless of any other considerations , then it does not really possess the features that usually class actions as ‘ crimes ’ ; rather , it would belong in some alternative category , such as mental illness .
if such crimes really are entirely accounted for by the possession of abnormal motives propelling their possessors into crime [anyway/despite] of any other considerations , then it does not really possess the features that usually class actions as ‘ crimes ’ ; rather , it would belong in some alternative category , such as mental illness .

This applies regardless of the content of criminal definitions which , for interactionists , are highly variable .
this applies [anyway/despite] of the content of criminal definitions which , for interactionists , are highly variable .

But as Matza 's quotation makes clear , its absence can be felt regardless of any formal attempt to withdraw it .
but as matza 's quotation makes clear , its absence can be felt [anyway/despite] of any formal attempt to withdraw it .

The administration seems determined to press on regardless with financial deregulation , but the 10 % ceiling may well be raised only gradually .
the administration seems determined to press on [anyway/despite] with financial deregulation , but the 10 % ceiling may well be raised only gradually .

Good targets are two ‘ universal ’ benefits : child benefit ( paid tax-free to all parents regardless of need ) and the state retirement pension .
good targets are two ‘ universal ’ benefits : child benefit ( paid tax-free to all parents [anyway/despite] of need ) and the state retirement pension .

These days , snazzy products are traded worldwide , almost regardless of geography ; but for most things geography still matters .
these days , snazzy products are traded worldwide , almost [anyway/despite] of geography ; but for most things geography still matters .

The key feature is that for each player , ‘ defecting ’ secures the best outcome regardless of what the other does .
the key feature is that for each player , ‘ defecting ’ secures the best outcome [anyway/despite] of what the other does .

Japan will also see a rising number of corporate-bond issues in coming years , which may well serve to put further upward pressure on bond yields regardless of interest-rate developments .
japan will also see a rising number of corporate-bond issues in coming years , which may well serve to put further upward pressure on bond yields [anyway/despite] of interest-rate developments .

Managers , he notes , are taught to be tough , which can mean they sometimes take a decision regardless of its ethical consequences .
managers , he notes , are taught to be tough , which can mean they sometimes take a decision [anyway/despite] of its ethical consequences .

The Minister 's choice was based upon an examination of the Registers of Exchequer , by which it appeared ‘ that the owners of much of the greater part of the property in the district interest themselves for Mr. Lapslie ’ , who accordingly obtained the presentation regardless of the fact that two of Lapslie 's supporters were not members of the Church of Scotland .
the minister 's choice was based upon an examination of the registers of exchequer , by which it appeared ‘ that the owners of much of the greater part of the property in the district interest themselves for mr. lapslie ’ , who accordingly obtained the presentation [anyway/despite] of the fact that two of lapslie 's supporters were not members of the church of scotland .

Thus there seems a prima facie risk that social work intervention will increasingly be characterised by recourse to legal justification , and that , regardless of the debate about whether compulsion is on the increase , the public care of children will be further identified with compulsory removal and thus as antipathetic to family care .
thus there seems a prima facie risk that social work intervention will increasingly be characterised by recourse to legal justification , and that , [anyway/despite] of the debate about whether compulsion is on the increase , the public care of children will be further identified with compulsory removal and thus as antipathetic to family care .

Regardless of the guilt or innocence of the defendants , of their social status , and of the humanity of the law relating to homosexuality , the Winchester trial provides , by itself , ample reason for an inquiry into the present methods of the Director of Public Prosecutions and the Police .
[anyway/despite] of the guilt or innocence of the defendants , of their social status , and of the humanity of the law relating to homosexuality , the winchester trial provides , by itself , ample reason for an inquiry into the present methods of the director of public prosecutions and the police .

Mr Magaziner churns on regardless .
mr magaziner churns on [anyway/despite] .

That would reduce the trade deficit regardless of Japan 's trade policies .
that would reduce the trade deficit [anyway/despite] of japan 's trade policies .

The difference applies regardless of what drug is being used , and it is still visible when they are not under the influence .
the difference applies [anyway/despite] of what drug is being used , and it is still visible when they are not under the influence .

He never appears wildly different in different contexts — regardless of what those contexts are .
he never appears wildly different in different contexts — [anyway/despite] of what those contexts are .

In Sri Lanka artificial reservoirs , regardless of size , are called ‘ tanks ’ .
in sri lanka artificial reservoirs , [anyway/despite] of size , are called ‘ tanks ’ .

Furthermore , the growing tendency to withdraw from economic activity at a specific chronological age ( 60/65 ) , regardless of physiological condition and cognitive capacity , reinforced the attention paid to the ageing demographic structure of the country .
furthermore , the growing tendency to withdraw from economic activity at a specific chronological age ( 60/65 ) , [anyway/despite] of physiological condition and cognitive capacity , reinforced the attention paid to the ageing demographic structure of the country .

Even just the memories of 1988 Winter Olympics folk hero Eddie ‘ the Eagle ’ Edwards , the British ski jumper who put himself in the Calgary Games regardless of a lack of skill or training , made more of an impact with the American sporting public than super-fit and talented rugby players such as David Campese , Jeremy Guscott or Wade Dooley .
even just the memories of 1988 winter olympics folk hero eddie ‘ the eagle ’ edwards , the british ski jumper who put himself in the calgary games [anyway/despite] of a lack of skill or training , made more of an impact with the american sporting public than super-fit and talented rugby players such as david campese , jeremy guscott or wade dooley .

In the future , attempts to achieve a modicum of unity would go ahead regardless of the British position .
in the future , attempts to achieve a modicum of unity would go ahead [anyway/despite] of the british position .

However , this species remains very pretty at whatever stage of development it is seen , and regardless of any variation of colour form .
however , this species remains very pretty at whatever stage of development it is seen , and [anyway/despite] of any variation of colour form .

We believe that each individual is both unique and equal to others regardless of sex , nationality , colour , creed , class , intellectual ability or emotional , social , physical handicap .
we believe that each individual is both unique and equal to others [anyway/despite] of sex , nationality , colour , creed , class , intellectual ability or emotional , social , physical handicap .

‘ We are calling on Members of Parliament to support the Parliamentary campaign ensuring that the policy of ‘ Born Too Soon ’ is not adopted and that every individual is provided with the proper medical care regardless of age , size , race or gender .
‘ we are calling on members of parliament to support the parliamentary campaign ensuring that the policy of ‘ born too soon ’ is not adopted and that every individual is provided with the proper medical care [anyway/despite] of age , size , race or gender .

If the Ogres fail an Int test , they will attack regardless of the odds .
if the ogres fail an int test , they will attack [anyway/despite] of the odds .

Regardless of its success or failure , the character sees a hideous , faceless spectral form which radiates intense cold and malice , with clawed talons reaching directly at his heart .
[anyway/despite] of its success or failure , the character sees a hideous , faceless spectral form which radiates intense cold and malice , with clawed talons reaching directly at his heart .

Moreover , some topics are placed by law within the ( co-determination ) jurisdiction of the works council , a formally union-independent system of interest representation in which all eligible employees may vote and stand for election regardless of union membership .
moreover , some topics are placed by law within the ( co-determination ) jurisdiction of the works council , a formally union-independent system of interest representation in which all eligible employees may vote and stand for election [anyway/despite] of union membership .

Suppose your gas , telephone and life insurance bills all arrive on the same day . If your bank account is already low , do you take out a loan , send off cheques regardless , or stuff the bills in a drawer , hoping they will go away ?
suppose your gas , telephone and life insurance bills all arrive on the same day . if your bank account is already low , do you take out a loan , send off cheques [anyway/despite] , or stuff the bills in a drawer , hoping they will go away ?

The quest for international recognition , almost regardless as to the importance of the state bestowing it , took on an almost manic quality by the later 1980s .
the quest for international recognition , almost [anyway/despite] as to the importance of the state bestowing it , took on an almost manic quality by the later 1980s .

Some institutions like the World Bank employed many economics ‘ experts ’ who were thoroughly sympathetic to the claims made for the efficiency of planned economies , regardless of the empirical evidence .
some institutions like the world bank employed many economics ‘ experts ’ who were thoroughly sympathetic to the claims made for the efficiency of planned economies , [anyway/despite] of the empirical evidence .

The decision to create a monument to his own glory and that of the system which he had developed , regardless of the costs such an undertaking would involve , was typical of Ceauşescu 's arbitrary approach to his subjects .
the decision to create a monument to his own glory and that of the system which he had developed , [anyway/despite] of the costs such an undertaking would involve , was typical of ceauşescu 's arbitrary approach to his subjects .

He drew the logical conclusion : in order to bring in the harvest , school children , students , and even soldiers should be sent into the fields to collect the fruits of the earth regardless of their lack of agricultural training ‘ as was customary before ’ !
he drew the logical conclusion : in order to bring in the harvest , school children , students , and even soldiers should be sent into the fields to collect the fruits of the earth [anyway/despite] of their lack of agricultural training ‘ as was customary before ’ !

If mail order is excluded , much the same proportions of people patronised the various types of shopping centre , and types of shop , for their most recent non-routine purchase , regardless of whether they were buying on credit or buying for cash .
if mail order is excluded , much the same proportions of people patronised the various types of shopping centre , and types of shop , for their most recent non-routine purchase , [anyway/despite] of whether they were buying on credit or buying for cash .

If women are refused credit because of some credit-worthiness factor ( say , not having a full-time job ) which applies more often to them than to men , that is lawful only if that credit-worthiness factor can be shown to be a justifiable reason for withholding credit regardless of the sex of the applicant .
if women are refused credit because of some credit-worthiness factor ( say , not having a full-time job ) which applies more often to them than to men , that is lawful only if that credit-worthiness factor can be shown to be a justifiable reason for withholding credit [anyway/despite] of the sex of the applicant .

On the one hand , only three per cent of credit buyers said that there had been any difficulty getting the sort of terms they wanted — more or less regardless of what type-of credit they actually used , or of their socio-economic background .
on the one hand , only three per cent of credit buyers said that there had been any difficulty getting the sort of terms they wanted — more or less [anyway/despite] of what type-of credit they actually used , or of their socio-economic background .

On the other hand , the great majority reckoned that they themselves had taken the decision to use a particular type of credit ( regardless of whether or not they had seriously considered any other type too ) .
on the other hand , the great majority reckoned that they themselves had taken the decision to use a particular type of credit ( [anyway/despite] of whether or not they had seriously considered any other type too ) .

While mail order , trading checks and weekly credit callers or tallymen continue to be the forms of credit which most obviously meet the needs of those used to weekly budgeting , and to being paid weekly in cash , they are likely to continue to be the obvious choice for many such people — regardless of truth-in-lending regulations .
while mail order , trading checks and weekly credit callers or tallymen continue to be the forms of credit which most obviously meet the needs of those used to weekly budgeting , and to being paid weekly in cash , they are likely to continue to be the obvious choice for many such people — [anyway/despite] of truth-in-lending regulations .

The outcome , instead , was an illustration of how a report of a committee of inquiry can be used to disarm and neutralise public and parliamentary agitation , regardless of the nature of its findings .
the outcome , instead , was an illustration of how a report of a committee of inquiry can be used to disarm and neutralise public and parliamentary agitation , [anyway/despite] of the nature of its findings .

We are a long way from liberating the woman from the artificial status of woman artist , which only serves to segregate her further and prevents her working as an individual professional artist , regardless of her political stance — do we call a man a male artist ?
we are a long way from liberating the woman from the artificial status of woman artist , which only serves to segregate her further and prevents her working as an individual professional artist , [anyway/despite] of her political stance — do we call a man a male artist ?

Weber defined power as ‘ the probability that one actor within a social relationship will be in a position to carry out his own will despite resistance , regardless of the basis upon which this probability rests ’ ( Weber 1968 , Vol .
weber defined power as ‘ the probability that one actor within a social relationship will be in a position to carry out his own will despite resistance , [anyway/despite] of the basis upon which this probability rests ’ ( weber 1968 , vol .

If you own anything jointly with another person , including a house or flat , bank accounts or personal possessions , your share of that property may pass directly to the other joint owner on your death regardless of the terms of your will , or the intestacy rules .
if you own anything jointly with another person , including a house or flat , bank accounts or personal possessions , your share of that property may pass directly to the other joint owner on your death [anyway/despite] of the terms of your will , or the intestacy rules .

If you are sexually assaulted in any way , the Rape Crisis Centre ( see Helplist ) will offer confidential support , regardless of whether you want to report the attack or not .
if you are sexually assaulted in any way , the rape crisis centre ( see helplist ) will offer confidential support , [anyway/despite] of whether you want to report the attack or not .

It seems the recession is still with us and hitting certain vulnerable steam operators hard regardless of their location , past performance or financial position in the market .
it seems the recession is still with us and hitting certain vulnerable steam operators hard [anyway/despite] of their location , past performance or financial position in the market .

Applications are considered on the basis of their suitability for the post(s) regardless of sex , sexual orientation , religion , racial origin , marital status , disablement or age .
applications are considered on the basis of their suitability for the post(s) [anyway/despite] of sex , sexual orientation , religion , racial origin , marital status , disablement or age .

For the sixth successive year , Mace Foodstores will be giving a mouthwatering opportunity to young tennis hopefuls — regardless of their means or previous playing achievements — by awarding Sports Scholarships to 12 boys and girls who reside in the United Kingdom .
for the sixth successive year , mace foodstores will be giving a mouthwatering opportunity to young tennis hopefuls — [anyway/despite] of their means or previous playing achievements — by awarding sports scholarships to 12 boys and girls who reside in the united kingdom .

Your pet may be distracted by a scent , for example , and run off regardless of your instructions to sit .
your pet may be distracted by a scent , for example , and run off [anyway/despite] of your instructions to sit .

Regardless of their theoretical predilections , working definitions , and methods of obtaining data , all such approaches have the effect of hypostasizing something called ‘ aggression ’ .
[anyway/despite] of their theoretical predilections , working definitions , and methods of obtaining data , all such approaches have the effect of hypostasizing something called ‘ aggression ’ .

Spirit guides , regardless of what kind , are always described as extremely timid .
spirit guides , [anyway/despite] of what kind , are always described as extremely timid .

The Sari , however , is not primarily an initiation ceremony ; for it will be held by a great ruwang and his wife ( the ruwahu ) regardless of whether there are boys of appropriate age for initiation .
the sari , however , is not primarily an initiation ceremony ; for it will be held by a great ruwang and his wife ( the ruwahu ) [anyway/despite] of whether there are boys of appropriate age for initiation .

Snow is a good insulator , and the temperature inside a snow cave will remain at just above freezing , regardless of the temperature outside .
snow is a good insulator , and the temperature inside a snow cave will remain at just above freezing , [anyway/despite] of the temperature outside .

It used to be considered obvious that time flowed on forever , regardless of what was happening ; but the theory of relativity combined time with space and said that both could be warped , or distorted , by the matter and energy in the universe .
it used to be considered obvious that time flowed on forever , [anyway/despite] of what was happening ; but the theory of relativity combined time with space and said that both could be warped , or distorted , by the matter and energy in the universe .

If a company meets these requirements in any year and is therefore entitled to the accounting exemptions for that year it will also be entitled to the same exemptions for the following year , regardless of whether or not it meets the criteria .
if a company meets these requirements in any year and is therefore entitled to the accounting exemptions for that year it will also be entitled to the same exemptions for the following year , [anyway/despite] of whether or not it meets the criteria .

He wore a T-shirt regardless of the season of the year and kept his hair cropped short enough to reveal the half-dozen tiny scars on his head where the stubble would n't grow .
he wore a t-shirt [anyway/despite] of the season of the year and kept his hair cropped short enough to reveal the half-dozen tiny scars on his head where the stubble would n't grow .

Tony Marinello 's speciality was to escape from behind the bar whilst Ivie was holding forth , and to ask any unescorted woman for a dance regardless of her age or her inclination .
tony marinello 's speciality was to escape from behind the bar whilst ivie was holding forth , and to ask any unescorted woman for a dance [anyway/despite] of her age or her inclination .

There must be equality of rights for all citizens regardless of nationality ; and there could be no excuse for discrimination against any of them , nor for ‘ extremist gatherings ’ which had terrorised local people who were not of the majority affiliation .
there must be equality of rights for all citizens [anyway/despite] of nationality ; and there could be no excuse for discrimination against any of them , nor for ‘ extremist gatherings ’ which had terrorised local people who were not of the majority affiliation .

But there is one important general point which holds regardless of these specific criticisms .
but there is one important general point which holds [anyway/despite] of these specific criticisms .

In Russian , both Ivan videl Borisa and Borisa videl Ivan mean ‘ John saw Boris ’ , because -a marks Boris as the object , regardless of its position with respect to the subject and verb .
in russian , both ivan videl borisa and borisa videl ivan mean ‘ john saw boris ’ , because -a marks boris as the object , [anyway/despite] of its position with respect to the subject and verb .

For example , it is clear from work with an English- and Punjabi-speaking family in Newcastle upon Tyne , where a young white woman carried out modified participant observation sessions over a period of several months , that no male , regardless of age or ethnicity , would be allowed into the house ( Scothern 1985 ) .
for example , it is clear from work with an english- and punjabi-speaking family in newcastle upon tyne , where a young white woman carried out modified participant observation sessions over a period of several months , that no male , [anyway/despite] of age or ethnicity , would be allowed into the house ( scothern 1985 ) .

Regardless of the type of vessel and the type of ownership or intermediary arrangement involved , the ancient mariner 's maxim ‘ an idle vessel earns no freight ’ continues to shape the world 's shipping and documentary practices .
[anyway/despite] of the type of vessel and the type of ownership or intermediary arrangement involved , the ancient mariner 's maxim ‘ an idle vessel earns no freight ’ continues to shape the world 's shipping and documentary practices .

Needs for Personal Social Services for children are assumed to be predominantly determined by being in a lone-parent family , regardless of the economic circumstances of the family .
needs for personal social services for children are assumed to be predominantly determined by being in a lone-parent family , [anyway/despite] of the economic circumstances of the family .

Integration in such circumstances is only enabling if communication is based on a classroom experience which is truly shared between all students and teachers , regardless of the source of that experience .
integration in such circumstances is only enabling if communication is based on a classroom experience which is truly shared between all students and teachers , [anyway/despite] of the source of that experience .

Typically , there is a noticeable ‘ downturn ’ in physical well-being and health status around 20 to 30 years from onset , regardless of chronological age .
typically , there is a noticeable ‘ downturn ’ in physical well-being and health status around 20 to 30 years from onset , [anyway/despite] of chronological age .

The justification supposes that so long as a person is possessed of a right , that right may be exercised regardless of the consequences for others .
the justification supposes that so long as a person is possessed of a right , that right may be exercised [anyway/despite] of the consequences for others .

This point will , however , be ignored until Chapter 10 , and in the meantime it will be assumed that profit maximisation is in the social interest regardless of the particular market structure within which the company operates .
this point will , however , be ignored until chapter 10 , and in the meantime it will be assumed that profit maximisation is in the social interest [anyway/despite] of the particular market structure within which the company operates .

This is regardless of the character of the bidder or the possibly depressing prospects for the company under the new management .
this is [anyway/despite] of the character of the bidder or the possibly depressing prospects for the company under the new management .

But it is difficult to believe that directors do not give at least some consideration to the impact of their decisions on employees in any event , regardless of the section .
but it is difficult to believe that directors do not give at least some consideration to the impact of their decisions on employees in any event , [anyway/despite] of the section .

If a government , using its majority in Parliament , passes appropriate laws empowering it to do specified acts , are its activities thereby rendered legitimate because they are done in accordance with the law , regardless of how oppressive or repugnant those laws might be ? See chapter 4 and also the extract which follows .
if a government , using its majority in parliament , passes appropriate laws empowering it to do specified acts , are its activities thereby rendered legitimate because they are done in accordance with the law , [anyway/despite] of how oppressive or repugnant those laws might be ? see chapter 4 and also the extract which follows .

Another response is the formation of music groups which sometimes include all who want to play or sing in them , regardless of their ability .
another response is the formation of music groups which sometimes include all who want to play or sing in them , [anyway/despite] of their ability .

It does n't give the impression of staff muddling on regardless : differences in theoretical perspectives are made explicit .
it does n't give the impression of staff muddling on [anyway/despite] : differences in theoretical perspectives are made explicit .

The letter was , however , present in the orthographic tradition ( regardless of the mixed origins of the tradition in Old English , Anglo-Norman and Latin orthography ) : thus , in the absence of strong orthographic standardization , the scribes would omit it on some occasions and insert it ‘ hypercorrectly ’ on others .
the letter was , however , present in the orthographic tradition ( [anyway/despite] of the mixed origins of the tradition in old english , anglo-norman and latin orthography ) : thus , in the absence of strong orthographic standardization , the scribes would omit it on some occasions and insert it ‘ hypercorrectly ’ on others .

It is true for executives in all kinds of organisations regardless of age , gender , educational background , wealth , or position in the hierarchy .
it is true for executives in all kinds of organisations [anyway/despite] of age , gender , educational background , wealth , or position in the hierarchy .

The rhetorical perspective , it will be suggested , can complement that of the social representation theorists , regardless of whether the universal or particular concept of social representation is adopted .
the rhetorical perspective , it will be suggested , can complement that of the social representation theorists , [anyway/despite] of whether the universal or particular concept of social representation is adopted .

Universal concepts denote phenomena which are presumed to occur universally , regardless of historical epoch or type of society .
universal concepts denote phenomena which are presumed to occur universally , [anyway/despite] of historical epoch or type of society .

Whereas any belief can be anchored , regardless of the content of the belief , only certain sons of belief could be said to be objectified .
whereas any belief can be anchored , [anyway/despite] of the content of the belief , only certain sons of belief could be said to be objectified .

All the provisions relating to winding up are contained in the Insolvency Act , regardless of whether or not the company is actually insolvent .
all the provisions relating to winding up are contained in the insolvency act , [anyway/despite] of whether or not the company is actually insolvent .

The accounts presented to Parliament , in the form of Estimates and Appropriation Accounts , are statements of cash receipts and payments during a year regardless of whether they are in respect of current or capital expenditure and , if current , whether benefit of the related goods and services was received during that year .
the accounts presented to parliament , in the form of estimates and appropriation accounts , are statements of cash receipts and payments during a year [anyway/despite] of whether they are in respect of current or capital expenditure and , if current , whether benefit of the related goods and services was received during that year .

New programmes have to compete with each other for limited resources , regardless of their priority .
new programmes have to compete with each other for limited resources , [anyway/despite] of their priority .

Previously , the ‘ volume ’ plans — that is , plans at constant prices — were regarded by spending managers as entitlements , carried forward from year to year regardless of what was happening to costs .
previously , the ‘ volume ’ plans — that is , plans at constant prices — were regarded by spending managers as entitlements , carried forward from year to year [anyway/despite] of what was happening to costs .

The presumption now shifts in favour of maintaining planned cash expenditure , rather than a given ‘ volume ’ of provision regardless of cost .
the presumption now shifts in favour of maintaining planned cash expenditure , rather than a given ‘ volume ’ of provision [anyway/despite] of cost .

The hallmark of a good management information system is that it should be politically neutral ; that is , it should address the economic consequences of government policy regardless of their ideological viewpoint .
the hallmark of a good management information system is that it should be politically neutral ; that is , it should address the economic consequences of government policy [anyway/despite] of their ideological viewpoint .

But regardless of who the people are , it is critical that they feel like a team in order to make any new idea work .
but [anyway/despite] of who the people are , it is critical that they feel like a team in order to make any new idea work .

Of course , organizational culture will emerge even without management attention , regardless of management 's wishes .
of course , organizational culture will emerge even without management attention , [anyway/despite] of management 's wishes .

The capacity of a watercourse and the tolerable limits of polluting effluent are calculated according to a mathematical model , which ideally should be applied routinely and objectively to all dischargers regardless of their means , the costs of treatment , their prior efforts , or the demands made of their competitors .
the capacity of a watercourse and the tolerable limits of polluting effluent are calculated according to a mathematical model , which ideally should be applied routinely and objectively to all dischargers [anyway/despite] of their means , the costs of treatment , their prior efforts , or the demands made of their competitors .

‘ It 's the sort of thing you 've got to start , go into , regardless of what qualifications you 've got , ’ said a recent recruit .
‘ it 's the sort of thing you 've got to start , go into , [anyway/despite] of what qualifications you 've got , ’ said a recent recruit .

One sees on such maps the new landscape actually in course of being planned , and can see how completely it was drawn afresh , regardless of almost everything that had gone before .
one sees on such maps the new landscape actually in course of being planned , and can see how completely it was drawn afresh , [anyway/despite] of almost everything that had gone before .

Here and there they pick up and make use of the old common balks in the former open fields , which must have been the usual way of proceeding from one village to another in open-field country , but for the most part they are drawn straight across the old furlongs and strips regardless of all considerations but that of directness .
here and there they pick up and make use of the old common balks in the former open fields , which must have been the usual way of proceeding from one village to another in open-field country , but for the most part they are drawn straight across the old furlongs and strips [anyway/despite] of all considerations but that of directness .

The real importance of the Banbury Lane , regardless of exactly how old it is , is that it was the main medieval route from Northampton to Banbury .
the real importance of the banbury lane , [anyway/despite] of exactly how old it is , is that it was the main medieval route from northampton to banbury .

Great by-pass roads , like the East Lancashire by-pass , now plunge straight across the country , regardless of contours , using cuttings and embankments to keep as even a gradient as possible .
great by-pass roads , like the east lancashire by-pass , now plunge straight across the country , [anyway/despite] of contours , using cuttings and embankments to keep as even a gradient as possible .

Attempts are made to route them into low-level manual work regardless of ability or level of motivation for further education , and discrimination in entry to training schemes acts as a further block to employment and careers ( Wrench , 1987 , 1990 ) .
attempts are made to route them into low-level manual work [anyway/despite] of ability or level of motivation for further education , and discrimination in entry to training schemes acts as a further block to employment and careers ( wrench , 1987 , 1990 ) .

It is characterized by a tendency to stereotype , that is , a tendency to assign identical characteristics to whole groups regardless of individual variations ( Twitchin and Demuth , 1985 , p. 170 ; Aronson , 1980 , p. 197 ) .
it is characterized by a tendency to stereotype , that is , a tendency to assign identical characteristics to whole groups [anyway/despite] of individual variations ( twitchin and demuth , 1985 , p. 170 ; aronson , 1980 , p. 197 ) .

Class remains synonymous with organized labour , regardless of the fact that in the context of local authorities organized labour is not always very radical .
class remains synonymous with organized labour , [anyway/despite] of the fact that in the context of local authorities organized labour is not always very radical .

Providing they have attained the relevant service , all employees regardless of the `` temporariness `` or `` permanence `` of their employment — are treated the same [ see Chapter 1 ] .
providing they have attained the relevant service , all employees [anyway/despite] of the `` temporariness `` or `` permanence `` of their employment — are treated the same [ see chapter 1 ] .

Rather there should be only one set of notes for each subject regardless of source .
rather there should be only one set of notes for each subject [anyway/despite] of source .

The examiner is quite entitled to set questions on any topic in the syllabus regardless of whether a lecture on it has been given or not and you should look out for the `` old foxes `` .
the examiner is quite entitled to set questions on any topic in the syllabus [anyway/despite] of whether a lecture on it has been given or not and you should look out for the `` old foxes `` .

Regardless of nerves ( which should have been largely removed through practice examinations ) , resolve to follow a fixed routine during the examination .
[anyway/despite] of nerves ( which should have been largely removed through practice examinations ) , resolve to follow a fixed routine during the examination .

Regardless of your personal feelings towards the Chairman , you must afford him the utmost respect in addressing him and obeying his rulings .
[anyway/despite] of your personal feelings towards the chairman , you must afford him the utmost respect in addressing him and obeying his rulings .

There are also many which flower at any time regardless of day length , and these include dandelions , sunflowers , tomatoes and potatoes .
there are also many which flower at any time [anyway/despite] of day length , and these include dandelions , sunflowers , tomatoes and potatoes .

Section 6(1) introduces a deemed intention of permanently depriving the owner of his property when the person appropriating the property ‘ for the time being , ’ as one might say , intends ‘ to treat the thing as his own to dispose of regardless of the other 's rights ; … ’ Here again the offender 's act is unilateral and the same can clearly be said of section 6(2) .
section 6(1) introduces a deemed intention of permanently depriving the owner of his property when the person appropriating the property ‘ for the time being , ’ as one might say , intends ‘ to treat the thing as his own to dispose of [anyway/despite] of the other 's rights ; … ’ here again the offender 's act is unilateral and the same can clearly be said of section 6(2) .

It must be further borne in mind that , right to the end , the vast majority of the Cossacks were to continue to see themselves , regardless of their own individual status or background , as a collective entity .
it must be further borne in mind that , right to the end , the vast majority of the cossacks were to continue to see themselves , [anyway/despite] of their own individual status or background , as a collective entity .

Penfield and Roberts concluded from their data that `` the left hemisphere is usually dominant for speech regardless of the handedness of the individual with the exception of those who have cerebral injuries early in life `` .
penfield and roberts concluded from their data that `` the left hemisphere is usually dominant for speech [anyway/despite] of the handedness of the individual with the exception of those who have cerebral injuries early in life `` .

Yet it involved a principle which many could not accept : regardless of the sacrifices demanded of the rest of the community , it seemed too much to ask of the poorest of the poor .
yet it involved a principle which many could not accept : [anyway/despite] of the sacrifices demanded of the rest of the community , it seemed too much to ask of the poorest of the poor .

The whelks may show frequency independent selection , choosing their favourite food regardless of that species ' relative abundance .
the whelks may show frequency independent selection , choosing their favourite food [anyway/despite] of that species ' relative abundance .

Osborne ( 1977 ) observed that young dog-whelks less than 12mm in shell length grew at the same speed , regardless of their habitat of origin , or where they were reared .
osborne ( 1977 ) observed that young dog-whelks less than 12mm in shell length grew at the same speed , [anyway/despite] of their habitat of origin , or where they were reared .

without the genes for this shell-shape ; thus , regardless of the selection pressures , the `` normal `` exposed form can not occur .
without the genes for this shell-shape ; thus , [anyway/despite] of the selection pressures , the `` normal `` exposed form can not occur .

But those who have actually hooked a fish , regardless of size , will know the thrill .
but those who have actually hooked a fish , [anyway/despite] of size , will know the thrill .

Actually , the hooking of a fish , regardless of size , is always a thrill
actually , the hooking of a fish , [anyway/despite] of size , is always a thrill

This right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and regardless of frontiers .
this right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and [anyway/despite] of frontiers .

This right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and regardless of frontiers .
this right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and [anyway/despite] of frontiers .

Also , the electric media ( by their nature , regardless of their commercial organization ) unify and at the same time decentralize the musical repertory and community , and make possible improvisatory musical styles .
also , the electric media ( by their nature , [anyway/despite] of their commercial organization ) unify and at the same time decentralize the musical repertory and community , and make possible improvisatory musical styles .

And the financial institutions , subscribing fully to the ideology of the ‘ smoothly functioning capital market ’ , take it for granted that the best interests of their personal sector customers are served by placing funds where they can get the ‘ best ’ and ‘ safest ’ monetary returns , regardless of the consequences for productive investment .
and the financial institutions , subscribing fully to the ideology of the ‘ smoothly functioning capital market ’ , take it for granted that the best interests of their personal sector customers are served by placing funds where they can get the ‘ best ’ and ‘ safest ’ monetary returns , [anyway/despite] of the consequences for productive investment .

In a similar way , the circumstance that the Catholic Church in the Middle Ages formed its hierarchy out of the best brains in the land , regardless of their estate , birth or fortune , was one of the principal means of consolidating ecclesiastical rule and suppressing the laity .
in a similar way , the circumstance that the catholic church in the middle ages formed its hierarchy out of the best brains in the land , [anyway/despite] of their estate , birth or fortune , was one of the principal means of consolidating ecclesiastical rule and suppressing the laity .

Leaning against a recumbent Henry Moore , a group of English Sloanes , lanky people , all wearing old men 's panama hats regardless of sex , shared out the single bottle of champagne they had bought at the Duty Free and laughed loudly .
leaning against a recumbent henry moore , a group of english sloanes , lanky people , all wearing old men 's panama hats [anyway/despite] of sex , shared out the single bottle of champagne they had bought at the duty free and laughed loudly .

Regardless of social circumstances a concern for excellence and a desire to recognize it through symbols embodying precious substances is widespread among our species .
[anyway/despite] of social circumstances a concern for excellence and a desire to recognize it through symbols embodying precious substances is widespread among our species .

They tended to exaggerate grossly the role which the intelligentsia could play regardless of socio-economic developments .
they tended to exaggerate grossly the role which the intelligentsia could play [anyway/despite] of socio-economic developments .

The adolescent penis insists on being in a state of almost constant erection , regardless of the appropriateness of the situation .
the adolescent penis insists on being in a state of almost constant erection , [anyway/despite] of the appropriateness of the situation .

On occasion , it might refuse to work at all and we find ourselves longing for the days of youth when it would stand at attention regardless of any identifiable sexual stimulus .
on occasion , it might refuse to work at all and we find ourselves longing for the days of youth when it would stand at attention [anyway/despite] of any identifiable sexual stimulus .

There you are , trembling and writhing with lust , feeling passion in every corpuscle , and the penis is snoring away regardless , leaving you in a state of mortal terror , wondering whether it will every work again without the assistance of a rope and pulley .
there you are , trembling and writhing with lust , feeling passion in every corpuscle , and the penis is snoring away [anyway/despite] , leaving you in a state of mortal terror , wondering whether it will every work again without the assistance of a rope and pulley .

Calmed a little , he too walked off , in the opposite direction , safe in the knowledge that no one in their right mind , regardless of politics , would dare to stand in his way .
calmed a little , he too walked off , in the opposite direction , safe in the knowledge that no one in their right mind , [anyway/despite] of politics , would dare to stand in his way .

The committees that consider Bills are in no way specialized ; they consider new legislation in rotation regardless of subject and do not do any separate investigatory work .
the committees that consider bills are in no way specialized ; they consider new legislation in rotation [anyway/despite] of subject and do not do any separate investigatory work .

It is important to look more closely at the ways in which , regardless of the possession of a direct capacity to disrupt the political system , particular groups enjoy an institutionalized relationship to the political system .
it is important to look more closely at the ways in which , [anyway/despite] of the possession of a direct capacity to disrupt the political system , particular groups enjoy an institutionalized relationship to the political system .

Injury benefit is payable to anyone injured or disabled at work regardless of contributions .
injury benefit is payable to anyone injured or disabled at work [anyway/despite] of contributions .

It has been widely criticized as inequitable , because all those who are not exempt pay the same rate , regardless of income .
it has been widely criticized as inequitable , because all those who are not exempt pay the same rate , [anyway/despite] of income .

In some cases — for example , maternal pyrexia and prolonged rupture of membranes — the rapid test is unnecessary and antibiotics should be given regardless of carriage .
in some cases — for example , maternal pyrexia and prolonged rupture of membranes — the rapid test is unnecessary and antibiotics should be given [anyway/despite] of carriage .

Referrals to consultant clinics were included regardless of location , so patients seen in general practice based consultant clinics were counted as referrals .
referrals to consultant clinics were included [anyway/despite] of location , so patients seen in general practice based consultant clinics were counted as referrals .

Regardless of which statistical model was applied , however , the main conclusion was the same — namely , almost a 50 % reduction in sperm concentration from 1940 to 1990 .
[anyway/despite] of which statistical model was applied , however , the main conclusion was the same — namely , almost a 50 % reduction in sperm concentration from 1940 to 1990 .

Given that almost three-quarters of lone mothers are on income support this means that for the majority income will not change , regardless of how much maintenance is collected .
given that almost three-quarters of lone mothers are on income support this means that for the majority income will not change , [anyway/despite] of how much maintenance is collected .

Two-thirds of current carers in McLaughlin 's ( 1991 ) study reported that caring had had an adverse effect on their living standards , regardless of their household income level .
two-thirds of current carers in mclaughlin 's ( 1991 ) study reported that caring had had an adverse effect on their living standards , [anyway/despite] of their household income level .

The implications of this unequal access to occupational pension schemes during paid employment are that older married couples and lone men , regardless of age , are much more likely than lone women to have occupational pensions ; three-fifths have income from such pensions compared with two-fifths of lone women .
the implications of this unequal access to occupational pension schemes during paid employment are that older married couples and lone men , [anyway/despite] of age , are much more likely than lone women to have occupational pensions ; three-fifths have income from such pensions compared with two-fifths of lone women .

The promotion of work for all , regardless of gender , throughout the economy is the only realistic way that choice can be provided for women and older workers .
the promotion of work for all , [anyway/despite] of gender , throughout the economy is the only realistic way that choice can be provided for women and older workers .

All pensioners have a need for income regardless of whether their previous employment was waged or unwaged .
all pensioners have a need for income [anyway/despite] of whether their previous employment was waged or unwaged .

The priority is the provision of an adequate ( in terms of social participation ) flat-rate pension regardless of history or gender .
the priority is the provision of an adequate ( in terms of social participation ) flat-rate pension [anyway/despite] of history or gender .

type : which will place you in the subdirectory called Letters , regardless of where it is in your structure .
type : which will place you in the subdirectory called letters , [anyway/despite] of where it is in your structure .

If the only thing that matters to Mr Hughes is saturation cricket coverage to the exclusion of everything else and regardless of quality , then Sky is for him .
if the only thing that matters to mr hughes is saturation cricket coverage to the exclusion of everything else and [anyway/despite] of quality , then sky is for him .

‘ It is a purely ideological desire to see the private sector providing regardless of whether it is appropriate or not .
‘ it is a purely ideological desire to see the private sector providing [anyway/despite] of whether it is appropriate or not .

1804 It has now been represented to the Meeting that the Town of Bowmore is very much annoy 'd by a destructive Crowd of Pigs running up and down the Streets , and that many of the Inhabitants , regardless of Property .
1804 it has now been represented to the meeting that the town of bowmore is very much annoy 'd by a destructive crowd of pigs running up and down the streets , and that many of the inhabitants , [anyway/despite] of property .

Regardless of its limitations , the system of Paracelsus seems more satisfactory than the highly regarded but crude reductionist models that came into vogue in later generations .
[anyway/despite] of its limitations , the system of paracelsus seems more satisfactory than the highly regarded but crude reductionist models that came into vogue in later generations .

The names and dates of birth of all parents of case and control children ( regardless of whether or not they were interviewed ) were cross checked against three databases of employees held by the nuclear industry , the completeness and accuracy of which are known to be high .
the names and dates of birth of all parents of case and control children ( [anyway/despite] of whether or not they were interviewed ) were cross checked against three databases of employees held by the nuclear industry , the completeness and accuracy of which are known to be high .

Despite the above measures septic shock , regardless of aetiology , continues to have a mortality of 60–90 % .
despite the above measures septic shock , [anyway/despite] of aetiology , continues to have a mortality of 60–90 % .

The first deaf school in Britain which admitted children regardless of social background and without payment of fees opened in Bermondsey , a London suburb , in 1792 .
the first deaf school in britain which admitted children [anyway/despite] of social background and without payment of fees opened in bermondsey , a london suburb , in 1792 .

Reduced lung function has been associated with low birth weight regardless of whether the child had respiratory complications at birth .
reduced lung function has been associated with low birth weight [anyway/despite] of whether the child had respiratory complications at birth .

Increased diagnostic accuracy by team members was associated with longer experience of team working , regardless of the team members ' professional background .
increased diagnostic accuracy by team members was associated with longer experience of team working , [anyway/despite] of the team members ' professional background .

The data below relate to the 1179 perinatal deaths that occurred in the 114362 singleton deliveries to women resident in Leicestershire during 1978–87 regardless of place of delivery .
the data below relate to the 1179 perinatal deaths that occurred in the 114362 singleton deliveries to women resident in leicestershire during 1978–87 [anyway/despite] of place of delivery .

The kinds of activities which we had in mind were problem-solving and investigations , collaborative writing , reading and discussion about books and poems in pairs and groups , group picture or collage making , group construction tasks , group activities on the computer : the sorts of activities whose value is widely accepted and which might be included in the repertoire of any teacher , regardless of differences in overall teaching style .
the kinds of activities which we had in mind were problem-solving and investigations , collaborative writing , reading and discussion about books and poems in pairs and groups , group picture or collage making , group construction tasks , group activities on the computer : the sorts of activities whose value is widely accepted and which might be included in the repertoire of any teacher , [anyway/despite] of differences in overall teaching style .

Finally , it should be noted that s.14 of the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 , restating a rule first contained in the 1958 Act , provides that no provision in legislation prior to 1958 should be taken as ousting the supervisory jurisdiction of the High Court , thus making clear the Government 's intention that all statutory tribunals should be subject to this jurisdiction regardless of whether other remedies are provided .
finally , it should be noted that s.14 of the tribunals and inquiries act 1971 , restating a rule first contained in the 1958 act , provides that no provision in legislation prior to 1958 should be taken as ousting the supervisory jurisdiction of the high court , thus making clear the government 's intention that all statutory tribunals should be subject to this jurisdiction [anyway/despite] of whether other remedies are provided .

This can ( and occasionally did ) lead to a situation in which a linguist claims that the ‘ data ’ he is using illustrates acceptable linguistic strings because he says it does , as a result of personal introspection , and regardless of how many voices arise in disagreement .
this can ( and occasionally did ) lead to a situation in which a linguist claims that the ‘ data ’ he is using illustrates acceptable linguistic strings because he says it does , as a result of personal introspection , and [anyway/despite] of how many voices arise in disagreement .

Because the analyst is investigating the use of language in context by a speaker / writer , he is more concerned with the relationship between the speaker and the utterance , on the particular occasion of use , than with the potential relationship of one sentence to another , regardless of their use .
because the analyst is investigating the use of language in context by a speaker / writer , he is more concerned with the relationship between the speaker and the utterance , on the particular occasion of use , than with the potential relationship of one sentence to another , [anyway/despite] of their use .

Regardless of technical hitches Pathfinders in Space was judged a great success , leading to a second series being commissioned in 1960 .
[anyway/despite] of technical hitches pathfinders in space was judged a great success , leading to a second series being commissioned in 1960 .

What is more , there is some evidence that clients expect it , too : if the creative people look too prosaic and orthodox , clients think that they will get prosaic and orthodox advertising , regardless of any evidence to the contrary .
what is more , there is some evidence that clients expect it , too : if the creative people look too prosaic and orthodox , clients think that they will get prosaic and orthodox advertising , [anyway/despite] of any evidence to the contrary .

The buyer 's ideal position is to buy at run-of-week or run-of paper rates , but to have sufficient ‘ pull ’ either through the size of the budget or the closeness of the relationship with the media sales agent concerned to achieve good times and positions regardless .
the buyer 's ideal position is to buy at run-of-week or run-of paper rates , but to have sufficient ‘ pull ’ either through the size of the budget or the closeness of the relationship with the media sales agent concerned to achieve good times and positions [anyway/despite] .

The seminars are intended to offer ‘ help and guidance on the application of the Data Protection Act to all those who are in any way involved with the use of computerised personal information , regardless of their area of business ’ .
the seminars are intended to offer ‘ help and guidance on the application of the data protection act to all those who are in any way involved with the use of computerised personal information , [anyway/despite] of their area of business ’ .

Regardless of whether the minor or anyone else with authority to do so consents to the treatment , that practitioner will be liable to the minor in negligence if he fails to advise with reasonable skill and care and to have due regard to the best interests of his patient .
[anyway/despite] of whether the minor or anyone else with authority to do so consents to the treatment , that practitioner will be liable to the minor in negligence if he fails to advise with reasonable skill and care and to have due regard to the best interests of his patient .

Researchers are currently developing a blood test which can be offered to all pregnant women , regardless of the age or medical history .
researchers are currently developing a blood test which can be offered to all pregnant women , [anyway/despite] of the age or medical history .

Everyone who is capable and wants to work should be able to do so , regardless of age , gender and marital status .
everyone who is capable and wants to work should be able to do so , [anyway/despite] of age , gender and marital status .

Regardless of encouragement or love ( or hostility or punishment ) , the disease progresses and , in the absence of appropriate treatment through Alcoholics or Narcotics Anonymous , is commonly fatal .
[anyway/despite] of encouragement or love ( or hostility or punishment ) , the disease progresses and , in the absence of appropriate treatment through alcoholics or narcotics anonymous , is commonly fatal .

The sufferer from anorexia may be told by others that he or she is thin but has a distorted body image and believes himself or herself to be `` fat `` or `` normal `` regardless of body weight .
the sufferer from anorexia may be told by others that he or she is thin but has a distorted body image and believes himself or herself to be `` fat `` or `` normal `` [anyway/despite] of body weight .

Simple denial is when the problem is not seen in the first place , regardless of responsibility or resources .
simple denial is when the problem is not seen in the first place , [anyway/despite] of responsibility or resources .

Partly it is a primary addictive disease of some family members who are addicted to " fixing " or " helping " other people regardless of the consequences to themselves or to those other people whom they seek to help .
partly it is a primary addictive disease of some family members who are addicted to " fixing " or " helping " other people [anyway/despite] of the consequences to themselves or to those other people whom they seek to help .

The family member is determined to `` help `` the primary sufferer : ( a ) regardless of whether this `` helping `` actually does help in the long term .
the family member is determined to `` help `` the primary sufferer : ( a ) [anyway/despite] of whether this `` helping `` actually does help in the long term .

The family member will continue to do things for the primary sufferer ( providing food and shelter and other necessities of life , tidying up the messes , telling lies or half-truths to `` cover up `` , paying off debts or fines , providing bail , apologising on his or her behalf and generally doing everything possible to protect the primary sufferer from the consequences of his or her disease ) regardless of the demonstrable fact that these actions do not help the sufferer to get into recovery .
the family member will continue to do things for the primary sufferer ( providing food and shelter and other necessities of life , tidying up the messes , telling lies or half-truths to `` cover up `` , paying off debts or fines , providing bail , apologising on his or her behalf and generally doing everything possible to protect the primary sufferer from the consequences of his or her disease ) [anyway/despite] of the demonstrable fact that these actions do not help the sufferer to get into recovery .

( b ) regardless of the price that the family member is paying in his or her own life .
( b ) [anyway/despite] of the price that the family member is paying in his or her own life .

Again the family member will argue that this is perfectly reasonable behaviour for any family : total commitment regardless of cost to self might be considered to be the moral basis of family life .
again the family member will argue that this is perfectly reasonable behaviour for any family : total commitment [anyway/despite] of cost to self might be considered to be the moral basis of family life .

That might be so in the case of other illness or disaster but in addictive disease total commitment regardless of cost to self actually works against recovery .
that might be so in the case of other illness or disaster but in addictive disease total commitment [anyway/despite] of cost to self actually works against recovery .

The primary sufferer continues his or her addiction regardless of consequences and so does the family member : the addictive disease is similar ; only the object of the addiction differs .
the primary sufferer continues his or her addiction [anyway/despite] of consequences and so does the family member : the addictive disease is similar ; only the object of the addiction differs .

However , it should be emphasised that the Family Fellowships exist for the benefit of the family member , regardless of what may be happening to the primary sufferer .
however , it should be emphasised that the family fellowships exist for the benefit of the family member , [anyway/despite] of what may be happening to the primary sufferer .

But , even then , it may fail and it should again be emphasised that family members benefit from their own sake from involvement in the Family Fellowships regardless of what may happen to the primary sufferer .
but , even then , it may fail and it should again be emphasised that family members benefit from their own sake from involvement in the family fellowships [anyway/despite] of what may happen to the primary sufferer .

In the family disease " self-denial " and " caretaking " are the equivalent of an addictive drug , used as a mood-altering process regardless of the observable ( but denied ) effects upon self or others .
in the family disease " self-denial " and " caretaking " are the equivalent of an addictive drug , used as a mood-altering process [anyway/despite] of the observable ( but denied ) effects upon self or others .

Recovery is therefore possible through the Anonymous Fellowship for anyone who wants it , regardless of how much has been lost or damaged , short of physical damage to the brain itself .
recovery is therefore possible through the anonymous fellowship for anyone who wants it , [anyway/despite] of how much has been lost or damaged , short of physical damage to the brain itself .

The fact that some sufferers die of their addictive disease regardless of their awareness of the Anonymous Fellowships is not an argument in favour of the use of other methods of treatment which were manifestly of no help to those who did recover and which can be observed to be of no help to those who still suffer .
the fact that some sufferers die of their addictive disease [anyway/despite] of their awareness of the anonymous fellowships is not an argument in favour of the use of other methods of treatment which were manifestly of no help to those who did recover and which can be observed to be of no help to those who still suffer .

Group support gives the participants the courage to stick to their individual guns and know that they can not all be misguided , regardless of the protestations of the sufferer when confronted even in an understanding and supportive manner .
group support gives the participants the courage to stick to their individual guns and know that they can not all be misguided , [anyway/despite] of the protestations of the sufferer when confronted even in an understanding and supportive manner .

Nonetheless , the purpose of the Family Fellowships is to help family members with their own feelings and recovery , regardless of whatever may happen to the primary sufferer .
nonetheless , the purpose of the family fellowships is to help family members with their own feelings and recovery , [anyway/despite] of whatever may happen to the primary sufferer .

There were no written rules but nobody ever worked beyond five o'clock in her presence ; at this point formal business ended regardless .
there were no written rules but nobody ever worked beyond five o'clock in her presence ; at this point formal business ended [anyway/despite] .

Men , on the other hand , were granted dependants ' benefits under national insurance in 1922 , plus the married man 's tax allowance from 1919 , on the assumption that a man supporting a wife needed additional tax relief ( in fact the allowance was paid to all men regardless of whether or not their wives worked ) .
men , on the other hand , were granted dependants ' benefits under national insurance in 1922 , plus the married man 's tax allowance from 1919 , on the assumption that a man supporting a wife needed additional tax relief ( in fact the allowance was paid to all men [anyway/despite] of whether or not their wives worked ) .

They could be applied to anything regardless of whether it was an Oxford College , or for that matter an oak tree or my dog .
they could be applied to anything [anyway/despite] of whether it was an oxford college , or for that matter an oak tree or my dog .

Another example of a conflict between official and unofficial group norms can be drawn from a situation where a group itself decides to operate a certain level of output over a given time , regardless of targets set by the management in their search for increased efficiency and productivity .
another example of a conflict between official and unofficial group norms can be drawn from a situation where a group itself decides to operate a certain level of output over a given time , [anyway/despite] of targets set by the management in their search for increased efficiency and productivity .

If sales are pursued regardless of costs and other limiting factors , such as reputation , the value of the sales volume obtained can be severely reduced , if costs have been excessive and/or the organization 's image has been tarnished by over-zealous representatives .
if sales are pursued [anyway/despite] of costs and other limiting factors , such as reputation , the value of the sales volume obtained can be severely reduced , if costs have been excessive and/or the organization 's image has been tarnished by over-zealous representatives .

The main benefit from the customer 's point of view is that he is likely to have his needs met in a more appropriate way than if the market is not segmented ie where the same product range and price are offered regardless of geographical , demographic and buyer-behaviour considerations .
the main benefit from the customer 's point of view is that he is likely to have his needs met in a more appropriate way than if the market is not segmented ie where the same product range and price are offered [anyway/despite] of geographical , demographic and buyer-behaviour considerations .

They must tread ever forward , regardless of discomfort , heedless of exhaustion .
they must tread ever forward , [anyway/despite] of discomfort , heedless of exhaustion .

However , critics point to the regressive nature of the community charge — apart from specified categories who will receive exemption or discounts ( for example , students ) everyone in an area will pay the same regardless of income — and the difficulties and expense of administration and collection .
however , critics point to the regressive nature of the community charge — apart from specified categories who will receive exemption or discounts ( for example , students ) everyone in an area will pay the same [anyway/despite] of income — and the difficulties and expense of administration and collection .

‘ Carried on regardless , some might say .
‘ carried on [anyway/despite] , some might say .

often regardless of the ground to be covered , has for decades been the equivalent of an hour a day .
often [anyway/despite] of the ground to be covered , has for decades been the equivalent of an hour a day .

We found that regardless of the subject labels adopted , the curriculum in practice consisted of a further and perhaps more influential ‘ core ’ of ten generic activities ( writing , using apparatus , reading , listening , drawing or painting , collaboration , movement , talking to the teacher , construction , talking to the class — see Table 3.1 ) .
we found that [anyway/despite] of the subject labels adopted , the curriculum in practice consisted of a further and perhaps more influential ‘ core ’ of ten generic activities ( writing , using apparatus , reading , listening , drawing or painting , collaboration , movement , talking to the teacher , construction , talking to the class — see table 3.1 ) .

Regardless of subject labels , children 's curriculum experiences tended to be dominated by writing , with reading , using task-specific apparatus , and listening to the teacher also prominent ; collaborative activity and talking — with the teacher or with other pupils — were a long way behind .
[anyway/despite] of subject labels , children 's curriculum experiences tended to be dominated by writing , with reading , using task-specific apparatus , and listening to the teacher also prominent ; collaborative activity and talking — with the teacher or with other pupils — were a long way behind .

We found it far more instructive to analyse balance in terms of the cross-curricular ‘ generic activities ’ of reading , writing , listening , drawing/painting , collaboration and so on which are a universal feature of primary classroom life , regardless of the curriculum labels used .
we found it far more instructive to analyse balance in terms of the cross-curricular ‘ generic activities ’ of reading , writing , listening , drawing/painting , collaboration and so on which are a universal feature of primary classroom life , [anyway/despite] of the curriculum labels used .

Previously , the ‘ volume ’ plans — that is , plans in constant prices — were regarded by spending managers as entitlements , carried forward from year to year regardless of what was happening to costs .
previously , the ‘ volume ’ plans — that is , plans in constant prices — were regarded by spending managers as entitlements , carried forward from year to year [anyway/despite] of what was happening to costs .

The Labour Party alternative ‘ fair rates ’ also used a property valuation with rebates for the poor but without any element that links the number of people in the household to its tax liability regardless of income .
the labour party alternative ‘ fair rates ’ also used a property valuation with rebates for the poor but without any element that links the number of people in the household to its tax liability [anyway/despite] of income .

They were : symbolism — expressing an ideological position regardless of the economic value of the charge itself ; abuse — to reduce the cost of a service to the general taxpayer by raising the revenue from users ; deterrence — to reduce the cost to the taxpayer by reducing demand for a service ; priorities — to concentrate available funds on priority services and charge for less urgent facilities .
they were : symbolism — expressing an ideological position [anyway/despite] of the economic value of the charge itself ; abuse — to reduce the cost of a service to the general taxpayer by raising the revenue from users ; deterrence — to reduce the cost to the taxpayer by reducing demand for a service ; priorities — to concentrate available funds on priority services and charge for less urgent facilities .

If a millionaire has a mentally handicapped child , services for such children in his or her home town may be superb , regardless of how many such children there are in that town .
if a millionaire has a mentally handicapped child , services for such children in his or her home town may be superb , [anyway/despite] of how many such children there are in that town .

Modern biographers suffer many accusations : that they trawl too widely and deeply ; that they pick over entrails insensitively , confirming Dr Arbuthnot 's definition of biography as ‘ the new terror of death ’ ; that they invade their subject 's most intimate quarters and lay all bare , regardless , it is said , of relevance or the feelings of surviving kin .
modern biographers suffer many accusations : that they trawl too widely and deeply ; that they pick over entrails insensitively , confirming dr arbuthnot 's definition of biography as ‘ the new terror of death ’ ; that they invade their subject 's most intimate quarters and lay all bare , [anyway/despite] , it is said , of relevance or the feelings of surviving kin .

It was also clear from the Saltley Gates confrontation that the police , regardless of their offensive tactics , were not capable of handling well-organized mass pickets .
it was also clear from the saltley gates confrontation that the police , [anyway/despite] of their offensive tactics , were not capable of handling well-organized mass pickets .

These political and legal developments have encouraged a pronounced shift of emphasis : from a law enforcement conception of policing , which ‘ views enforcement of the law as an end in itself , regardless of its consequences for the social order ’ to a peace-keeping conception which ‘ views law enforcement as a means towards an end : the highest possible level of public safety , order and preservation of life and property ’ ( Sherman , 1983:230 ) .
these political and legal developments have encouraged a pronounced shift of emphasis : from a law enforcement conception of policing , which ‘ views enforcement of the law as an end in itself , [anyway/despite] of its consequences for the social order ’ to a peace-keeping conception which ‘ views law enforcement as a means towards an end : the highest possible level of public safety , order and preservation of life and property ’ ( sherman , 1983:230 ) .

While Kittay 's theory has the advantage that it allows metaphor to be seen as operating according to the same basic principles regardless of the size of the discursive unit in question , Brooke-Rose 's own examination of the mechanisms of the verb metaphor suggest a view that minimizes dependence on an implicit ‘ proper ’ term outside the text and emphasizes the metaphoric interactions between the terms themselves .
while kittay 's theory has the advantage that it allows metaphor to be seen as operating according to the same basic principles [anyway/despite] of the size of the discursive unit in question , brooke-rose 's own examination of the mechanisms of the verb metaphor suggest a view that minimizes dependence on an implicit ‘ proper ’ term outside the text and emphasizes the metaphoric interactions between the terms themselves .

Expenditure on the police was no longer open-ended , regardless of efficiency .
expenditure on the police was no longer open-ended , [anyway/despite] of efficiency .

Regardless of all his achievements and fame , he never changed in attitude and throughout his years until his retirement remained loyal to Balmoral Golf Club in Belfast .
[anyway/despite] of all his achievements and fame , he never changed in attitude and throughout his years until his retirement remained loyal to balmoral golf club in belfast .

Soft pinks and browns are the summery eyeshadow shades that suit every woman , regardless of colouring .
soft pinks and browns are the summery eyeshadow shades that suit every woman , [anyway/despite] of colouring .

There are plenty of lower protection sunscreens on the market , but dermatologists stress that these should be avoided in order to minimise the risk of skin cancer and ageing — regardless of natural skin colour .
there are plenty of lower protection sunscreens on the market , but dermatologists stress that these should be avoided in order to minimise the risk of skin cancer and ageing — [anyway/despite] of natural skin colour .

Uvistat 's range contains no products with a sun protection factor below 6 , as dermatologists do n't recommend them , regardless of how dark your skin is naturally .
uvistat 's range contains no products with a sun protection factor below 6 , as dermatologists do n't recommend them , [anyway/despite] of how dark your skin is naturally .

When a woman went into a hair salon 30-odd years ago , her hair was painstakingly rolled rigid with sticky spray to create a standard style which everyone wore , regardless of age .
when a woman went into a hair salon 30-odd years ago , her hair was painstakingly rolled rigid with sticky spray to create a standard style which everyone wore , [anyway/despite] of age .

’ David Pool has little time for the mystification of artists and their art , and his sole intent is to see the momentum of improvement roll of regardless of fragile egos .
’ david pool has little time for the mystification of artists and their art , and his sole intent is to see the momentum of improvement roll of [anyway/despite] of fragile egos .

You now realise that you have accepted a secondary role and sacrificed too much , whilst three of the planets in Capricorn signify that , regardless of the consequences , you must break out .
you now realise that you have accepted a secondary role and sacrificed too much , whilst three of the planets in capricorn signify that , [anyway/despite] of the consequences , you must break out .

It would whirl on regardless to October the eleventh and beyond .
it would whirl on [anyway/despite] to october the eleventh and beyond .

Recent German statistics show that 30 per cent of retired people who have nothing that interests them , die within a year of retirement , regardless of the age at which they retired .
recent german statistics show that 30 per cent of retired people who have nothing that interests them , die within a year of retirement , [anyway/despite] of the age at which they retired .

Often called Memory Resident or Background software , because it hides away in memory , the program can be accessed at any time regardless of whatever foreground software is running .
often called memory resident or background software , because it hides away in memory , the program can be accessed at any time [anyway/despite] of whatever foreground software is running .

The single most important element of a page is its overall design , regardless of , but strongly influenced by , its content .
the single most important element of a page is its overall design , [anyway/despite] of , but strongly influenced by , its content .

Regardless of which product you choose and , if you produce different sorts of document you may well end up with more than one , the important thing is to select the correct tool for the job .
[anyway/despite] of which product you choose and , if you produce different sorts of document you may well end up with more than one , the important thing is to select the correct tool for the job .

Regardless of the method used to reproduce it , the typesetting systems of even a decade ago were slow , cumbersome and highly skill-intensive .
[anyway/despite] of the method used to reproduce it , the typesetting systems of even a decade ago were slow , cumbersome and highly skill-intensive .

a font in which all characters occupy the same amount of horizontal width regardless of the character .
a font in which all characters occupy the same amount of horizontal width [anyway/despite] of the character .

For anyone seriously looking at the desktop publishing market it is vital that you have a clear understanding of what you want to do with the technology , regardless of the actual hardware or software .
for anyone seriously looking at the desktop publishing market it is vital that you have a clear understanding of what you want to do with the technology , [anyway/despite] of the actual hardware or software .

Regardless of the worthiness of any concept the actual product will stand or fall by its quality and here InteSoft leaves something to be desired .
[anyway/despite] of the worthiness of any concept the actual product will stand or fall by its quality and here intesoft leaves something to be desired .

It is unique in being able to incorporate MacPaint images and run the text around them , regardless of their shape .
it is unique in being able to incorporate macpaint images and run the text around them , [anyway/despite] of their shape .

Almost regardless of the use to which the software will be put the very first question that needs to be established is whether the program will accept data from the software you currently use .
almost [anyway/despite] of the use to which the software will be put the very first question that needs to be established is whether the program will accept data from the software you currently use .

Once information about frequency content , pitch , energy , etc has been extracted from the speech input , regardless of the method , the actual recognition is performed by comparing the current set of figures against a number of possibilities stored in the computer .
once information about frequency content , pitch , energy , etc has been extracted from the speech input , [anyway/despite] of the method , the actual recognition is performed by comparing the current set of figures against a number of possibilities stored in the computer .

uniformity in the performance of tasks is expected , regardless of whoever is engaged in carrying them out ;
uniformity in the performance of tasks is expected , [anyway/despite] of whoever is engaged in carrying them out ;

The princess was taught to curb her natural impetuous temper and to own her mistakes to all she had wronged , regardless of rank .
the princess was taught to curb her natural impetuous temper and to own her mistakes to all she had wronged , [anyway/despite] of rank .

The pair set up house at Tidmarsh Mill , Pangbourne , and their relationship developed regardless of love affairs on both sides and Carrington 's marriage in 1921 to Reginald Sherring Partridge ( always called Ralph from 1919 onwards ) , who joined the ménage .
the pair set up house at tidmarsh mill , pangbourne , and their relationship developed [anyway/despite] of love affairs on both sides and carrington 's marriage in 1921 to reginald sherring partridge ( always called ralph from 1919 onwards ) , who joined the ménage .

Rain could not think what it was Fitzgerald had done that Sabine Jourdain later copied , but regardless of that she spurred him on : ‘ Yes . ’
rain could not think what it was fitzgerald had done that sabine jourdain later copied , but [anyway/despite] of that she spurred him on : ‘ yes . ’

, Marcel , 1980 ; Shallice , 1981b ) , the visual recognition of letter strings uses the same recognition system regardless of whether the letter string is a word or non-word .
, marcel , 1980 ; shallice , 1981b ) , the visual recognition of letter strings uses the same recognition system [anyway/despite] of whether the letter string is a word or non-word .

These facts will be irrelevant if no unit larger than the grapheme is used to read aloud , because a standard rule ea — ‘ ee ’ will be applied to ea regardless of what other graphemes exist in the non-word .
these facts will be irrelevant if no unit larger than the grapheme is used to read aloud , because a standard rule ea — ‘ ee ’ will be applied to ea [anyway/despite] of what other graphemes exist in the non-word .

However , it is difficult to see precisely how the feature detection and abstract letter detection levels could be linked together in such a way that a letter can be detected regardless of its case of presentation .
however , it is difficult to see precisely how the feature detection and abstract letter detection levels could be linked together in such a way that a letter can be detected [anyway/despite] of its case of presentation .

It may seem naive , for some interests will be better served than others in all societies regardless of overt group pressures .
it may seem naive , for some interests will be better served than others in all societies [anyway/despite] of overt group pressures .

The essence of the idea of ‘ measurement focus ’ is , to put it straightforwardly , that by adopting the ‘ flow of financial resources ’ a governmental organization can adopt ‘ accrual accounting ’ in its operating statement ( that is , it can ‘ recognize the effects of transactions or events on the resources of an entity when they take place , regardless of when cash is received or paid ’ ) but does not have to charge depreciation .
the essence of the idea of ‘ measurement focus ’ is , to put it straightforwardly , that by adopting the ‘ flow of financial resources ’ a governmental organization can adopt ‘ accrual accounting ’ in its operating statement ( that is , it can ‘ recognize the effects of transactions or events on the resources of an entity when they take place , [anyway/despite] of when cash is received or paid ’ ) but does not have to charge depreciation .

Some of the more creative forms of privatization adopted in the late 1980s have opened up the possibility that any asset could be sold but , regardless of that , the argument is fallacious because the net realizable value of an asset is not the only value which can be placed on it .
some of the more creative forms of privatization adopted in the late 1980s have opened up the possibility that any asset could be sold but , [anyway/despite] of that , the argument is fallacious because the net realizable value of an asset is not the only value which can be placed on it .

It took the view that the upper limit is arbitrary , and might operate unfairly , since a person just above the limit receives no assistance , whereas a person just below it might have to make a substantial contribution but would have the security of knowing that that contribution represents the maximum liability for costs regardless of the actual cost or the outcome of the case .
it took the view that the upper limit is arbitrary , and might operate unfairly , since a person just above the limit receives no assistance , whereas a person just below it might have to make a substantial contribution but would have the security of knowing that that contribution represents the maximum liability for costs [anyway/despite] of the actual cost or the outcome of the case .

The more heavily cratered areas would then be more than 3000 Ma old , regardless of whether the cratering was higher in that distant time .
the more heavily cratered areas would then be more than 3000 ma old , [anyway/despite] of whether the cratering was higher in that distant time .

‘ At its baldest , men 's needs came before women 's regardless of who was the disabled person and who the carer ’ , p. 57 ) .
‘ at its baldest , men 's needs came before women 's [anyway/despite] of who was the disabled person and who the carer ’ , p. 57 ) .

At Mandru , the Lady Nehushtah , Mandru 's exotic Ixibatabian wife , had male as well as female attendants , and all the Ixmaritians lived together in the same building , regardless of their gender .
at mandru , the lady nehushtah , mandru 's exotic ixibatabian wife , had male as well as female attendants , and all the ixmaritians lived together in the same building , [anyway/despite] of their gender .

The maximum penalty for this offence when perpetrated against a woman was formerly two years ' imprisonment , rising to five where she was under 13.6 In 1985 , it was raised to ten years ' imprisonment regardless of the victim 's age .
the maximum penalty for this offence when perpetrated against a woman was formerly two years ' imprisonment , rising to five where she was under 13.6 in 1985 , it was raised to ten years ' imprisonment [anyway/despite] of the victim 's age .

The ultimate question which arises in this area of law is whether a commitment to subjectivism should override all other considerations regardless of circumstances or social cost .
the ultimate question which arises in this area of law is whether a commitment to subjectivism should override all other considerations [anyway/despite] of circumstances or social cost .

‘ Knock-for-knock ’ , where an insurer pays for damage to the car covered under its policy — regardless of blame , has become unpopular as it passes on the costs of settling claims to comprehensive policy holders .
‘ knock-for-knock ’ , where an insurer pays for damage to the car covered under its policy — [anyway/despite] of blame , has become unpopular as it passes on the costs of settling claims to comprehensive policy holders .

Scotland is our own backyard and we don ‘ t intend to allow any other bank , regardless of nationality , to be top dog .
scotland is our own backyard and we don ‘ t intend to allow any other bank , [anyway/despite] of nationality , to be top dog .

All Branches should be asked to ‘ close their books ’ at the end of December 1993 regardless of when their financial year started .
all branches should be asked to ‘ close their books ’ at the end of december 1993 [anyway/despite] of when their financial year started .

Market forces and the house building industry will continue to force housing into the countryside regardless of the damage does .
market forces and the house building industry will continue to force housing into the countryside [anyway/despite] of the damage does .

Severe punishment , regardless of rank , was urged .
severe punishment , [anyway/despite] of rank , was urged .

Impoverished governments , however , are often happy to pick up any funds available , regardless of their impact on the environment .
impoverished governments , however , are often happy to pick up any funds available , [anyway/despite] of their impact on the environment .

One of the researchers involved , David Sugden , cautioned however that global warming will make sea-levels expand regardless of any added volume caused by melting ice , and he added that " we would have to look at all the ice sheets in the world , not just two , before we could be sure what the effects would be " .
one of the researchers involved , david sugden , cautioned however that global warming will make sea-levels expand [anyway/despite] of any added volume caused by melting ice , and he added that " we would have to look at all the ice sheets in the world , not just two , before we could be sure what the effects would be " .

The plans , put forward by Environment Minister David Trippier , would involve each country disposing of its own waste and would alter the European Commission 's plans to enforce disposal at the nearest plant , regardless of cost .
the plans , put forward by environment minister david trippier , would involve each country disposing of its own waste and would alter the european commission 's plans to enforce disposal at the nearest plant , [anyway/despite] of cost .

Eric Skoglund , the environmental officer on the UN-sponsored Mekong Committee , has resigned in protest at the committee 's determination to go ahead with the building of a huge dam on the Thai-Laotian border " regardless of the potential environmental costs " .
eric skoglund , the environmental officer on the un-sponsored mekong committee , has resigned in protest at the committee 's determination to go ahead with the building of a huge dam on the thai-laotian border " [anyway/despite] of the potential environmental costs " .

This will happen regardless of the efforts made to phase out the use of chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) , which are responsible for depletion of the ozone layer .
this will happen [anyway/despite] of the efforts made to phase out the use of chlorofluorocarbons ( cfcs ) , which are responsible for depletion of the ozone layer .

It would be safe — defeating for Europe to pursue industrial growth regardless of the environmental consequences .
it would be safe — defeating for europe to pursue industrial growth [anyway/despite] of the environmental consequences .

Regardless of the physical relevance ( or otherwise ! )
[anyway/despite] of the physical relevance ( or otherwise ! )

5.7.1 At the Tenant 's own expense to execute all works and provide and maintain all arrangements upon or in respect of the Premises or the use to which the Premises are being put that are required in order to comply with the requirements of any statute ( already or in the future to be passed ) or any government department , local authority other public or competent authority or court of competent jurisdiction regardless of whether such requirements are imposed on the lessor the lessee or the occupier
5.7.1 at the tenant 's own expense to execute all works and provide and maintain all arrangements upon or in respect of the premises or the use to which the premises are being put that are required in order to comply with the requirements of any statute ( already or in the future to be passed ) or any government department , local authority other public or competent authority or court of competent jurisdiction [anyway/despite] of whether such requirements are imposed on the lessor the lessee or the occupier

There are other specific provisions of the Children Act which allow the court to take into account certain written statements or evidence regardless of any enactment or rule of law which would otherwise prevent this .
there are other specific provisions of the children act which allow the court to take into account certain written statements or evidence [anyway/despite] of any enactment or rule of law which would otherwise prevent this .

The Revenue contended that regardless of the amount of the capital appointed each appointee was liable on the full amount of the trust income so that the Crown was entitled to as many times the tax on the income as appointees year by year .
the revenue contended that [anyway/despite] of the amount of the capital appointed each appointee was liable on the full amount of the trust income so that the crown was entitled to as many times the tax on the income as appointees year by year .

The extent to which the member firm is responsible on a strict liability basis , regardless of any intention or negligence on its part , is a moot point .
the extent to which the member firm is responsible on a strict liability basis , [anyway/despite] of any intention or negligence on its part , is a moot point .

In situations of this sort the exchange may need special rules , or even powers , which allow it to act for reasons of market integrity alone , and in order to preserve investor confidence , regardless of whether the parties involved are at fault .
in situations of this sort the exchange may need special rules , or even powers , which allow it to act for reasons of market integrity alone , and in order to preserve investor confidence , [anyway/despite] of whether the parties involved are at fault .

( 11 ) Do you have a system for thanking witnesses regardless of whether they have to give evidence ?
( 11 ) do you have a system for thanking witnesses [anyway/despite] of whether they have to give evidence ?

This right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and regardless of frontiers . ``
this right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and [anyway/despite] of frontiers . ``

Though there are many disadvantages as well as advantages in the use of microcomputers for information retrieval , the major advantage is that computerized information retrieval can provide a strong link between the school library and the curriculum by increasing pupils ' exposure to new technologies as both a learning and retrieval tool , regardless of subject area , and increase the use of resources in the school .
though there are many disadvantages as well as advantages in the use of microcomputers for information retrieval , the major advantage is that computerized information retrieval can provide a strong link between the school library and the curriculum by increasing pupils ' exposure to new technologies as both a learning and retrieval tool , [anyway/despite] of subject area , and increase the use of resources in the school .

In appreciation of the eccentric 's efforts ( regardless of intent ) in saving 44 World War Two aircraft from the scrap pile , Bob requested and was granted the Canadian civil registration C-Gevs in memory of the late Ernest Van Simmons .
in appreciation of the eccentric 's efforts ( [anyway/despite] of intent ) in saving 44 world war two aircraft from the scrap pile , bob requested and was granted the canadian civil registration c-gevs in memory of the late ernest van simmons .

Again , it 's only two tickets per cheque regardless of membership cards ( makes you wonder why they have 'em really ) .
again , it 's only two tickets per cheque [anyway/despite] of membership cards ( makes you wonder why they have 'em really ) .

Regardless of whether Mel 's injuries are serious or not , surely we ca n't possibly be considering playing him any more ?
[anyway/despite] of whether mel 's injuries are serious or not , surely we ca n't possibly be considering playing him any more ?

Another view was that six-monthly reports should only be required in relation to those firms ( regardless of size ) that had already been late in delivering their annual reports .
another view was that six-monthly reports should only be required in relation to those firms ( [anyway/despite] of size ) that had already been late in delivering their annual reports .

Regardless of the general press of humanity , a funeral procession was attempting to pass down it from the other end .
[anyway/despite] of the general press of humanity , a funeral procession was attempting to pass down it from the other end .

Regardless of whether this critic has inadvertently recommended some English a cappella recordings in the very act of eloquently disparaging them , every listener , both in England and abroad , will know what the phrase ‘ overwhelming grisaille ’ is intended to convey . Here is Olivier Opdebeeck writing for Diapason :
[anyway/despite] of whether this critic has inadvertently recommended some english a cappella recordings in the very act of eloquently disparaging them , every listener , both in england and abroad , will know what the phrase ‘ overwhelming grisaille ’ is intended to convey . here is olivier opdebeeck writing for diapason :

It does n't take a doctorate in high finance to notice when a group of companies regularly gobbles up other companies , regardless of their line of business , efficiently dismantles them , and sells off any bits worth selling off , at a healthy profit !
it does n't take a doctorate in high finance to notice when a group of companies regularly gobbles up other companies , [anyway/despite] of their line of business , efficiently dismantles them , and sells off any bits worth selling off , at a healthy profit !

But , trace of humour or not , she was in no mood for the antics of Paul Fisher , one of the men who worked in the same department , who , regardless of her repressive glasses and old-maid hairstyle , was forever ready to make advances .
but , trace of humour or not , she was in no mood for the antics of paul fisher , one of the men who worked in the same department , who , [anyway/despite] of her repressive glasses and old-maid hairstyle , was forever ready to make advances .

‘ Which must mean that , regardless of the fact that he 's so wound up over you he ca n't think straight , you 're only playing around with him for the pure hell of it . ’
‘ which must mean that , [anyway/despite] of the fact that he 's so wound up over you he ca n't think straight , you 're only playing around with him for the pure hell of it . ’

He looks tired — and worried — she thought , and , regardless of Naylor watching , she could do no other than go over to Travis and kiss his cheek .
he looks tired — and worried — she thought , and , [anyway/despite] of naylor watching , she could do no other than go over to travis and kiss his cheek .

The definition in the relevant statute which supports their case uses the words ‘ regardless of physical form or characteristic .
the definition in the relevant statute which supports their case uses the words ‘ [anyway/despite] of physical form or characteristic .

Regardless of how the data was processed , however , the resulting valuation report was always a short , printed , paper document .
[anyway/despite] of how the data was processed , however , the resulting valuation report was always a short , printed , paper document .

Another ‘ Carry On ’ film — Carry on Regardless , which seemed to offer nothing new and might have died a death at the box office had it not had those magic first two words in the title which by now assured a box office hit .
another ‘ carry on ’ film — carry on [anyway/despite] , which seemed to offer nothing new and might have died a death at the box office had it not had those magic first two words in the title which by now assured a box office hit .

They moved to a flat in Kensington that Ken financed for them — to the point that he made Carry On Regardless solely to recoup some of his losses .
they moved to a flat in kensington that ken financed for them — to the point that he made carry on [anyway/despite] solely to recoup some of his losses .

But it was produced by Peter Rogers , directed by Gerald Thomas and in addition to Ken and Lance Percival , there was also Leslie Phillips and Eric Barker ( returning to the team after Carry On Sergeant ) , Sid James and Liz Frazer , who had been introduced to the series in Carry on Regardless and would be as much part of the set-up as Ken himself .
but it was produced by peter rogers , directed by gerald thomas and in addition to ken and lance percival , there was also leslie phillips and eric barker ( returning to the team after carry on sergeant ) , sid james and liz frazer , who had been introduced to the series in carry on [anyway/despite] and would be as much part of the set-up as ken himself .

Liz Frazer , who only made three ‘ Carry Ons ’ , Cabby , Cruising and Regardless , remembers most affectionately of all the Ken who was n't quite so serious .
liz frazer , who only made three ‘ carry ons ’ , cabby , cruising and [anyway/despite] , remembers most affectionately of all the ken who was n't quite so serious .

Fenella Fielding , for instance , could contrast the sometimes obsessive manic figure of Pieces Of Eight with the more relaxed co-star in films like Carry On Regardless ( she played a woman in search of a male baby-sitter who could take her to bed ) and Carry On Screaming ( a velvet-clad vamp ) .
fenella fielding , for instance , could contrast the sometimes obsessive manic figure of pieces of eight with the more relaxed co-star in films like carry on [anyway/despite] ( she played a woman in search of a male baby-sitter who could take her to bed ) and carry on screaming ( a velvet-clad vamp ) .

Once , during the shooting of Carry On Regardless , Ken was supposed to be at the Ideal Home Exhibition .
once , during the shooting of carry on [anyway/despite] , ken was supposed to be at the ideal home exhibition .

Yet one comes back regardless . Cuthbert , bending to sow ,
yet one comes back [anyway/despite] . cuthbert , bending to sow ,

However , while interest on a loan falls due regardless of ability to pay , dividends on redeemable preference shares can be paid only if there are sufficient distributable reserves available .
however , while interest on a loan falls due [anyway/despite] of ability to pay , dividends on redeemable preference shares can be paid only if there are sufficient distributable reserves available .

Regardless of a critical report it had itself commissioned , the World Bank has decided for the time being to continue financing the Sardar Sarovar dam and canal project on the Narmada river in India .
[anyway/despite] of a critical report it had itself commissioned , the world bank has decided for the time being to continue financing the sardar sarovar dam and canal project on the narmada river in india .

Now , due to developments in microelectronics , this same objective can be achieved regardless of such architectural considerations .
now , due to developments in microelectronics , this same objective can be achieved [anyway/despite] of such architectural considerations .

In her major book God and the Rhetoric of Sexuality she writes : ‘ The Bible as literature is the Bible as scripture , regardless of one 's attitude toward its authority .
in her major book god and the rhetoric of sexuality she writes : ‘ the bible as literature is the bible as scripture , [anyway/despite] of one 's attitude toward its authority .

Should n't the over-riding aim of conservation be the saving of natural species and ecosystems , regardless of how much unnatural management this may entail ?
should n't the over-riding aim of conservation be the saving of natural species and ecosystems , [anyway/despite] of how much unnatural management this may entail ?

In both cases , the subject matter of the treaty with respect to the territory in question , regardless of the identity of the controlling body , is treated as paramount .
in both cases , the subject matter of the treaty with respect to the territory in question , [anyway/despite] of the identity of the controlling body , is treated as paramount .

The immediately following articles give the newly independent State the right to succeed to any treaty which had been in force in its territory , regardless of the wishes of any other party to the treaty .
the immediately following articles give the newly independent state the right to succeed to any treaty which had been in force in its territory , [anyway/despite] of the wishes of any other party to the treaty .

Yet here is a natural means of self-gratification and of relief from sexual tensions which build up in all of us , which is widely viewed ( regardless of whether it is practised ) as somehow wicked , aberrant , distasteful or shameful .
yet here is a natural means of self-gratification and of relief from sexual tensions which build up in all of us , which is widely viewed ( [anyway/despite] of whether it is practised ) as somehow wicked , aberrant , distasteful or shameful .

The residential worker is viewed and , indeed , may view himself or herself , as in loco parentis regardless of the maturity of the resident and adopts attitudes accordingly .
the residential worker is viewed and , indeed , may view himself or herself , as in loco parentis [anyway/despite] of the maturity of the resident and adopts attitudes accordingly .

One may need to look closely at developmental and familial aspects , at past and present circumstances and at feelings which , regardless of age , may be unconscious and deeply submerged .
one may need to look closely at developmental and familial aspects , at past and present circumstances and at feelings which , [anyway/despite] of age , may be unconscious and deeply submerged .

The social worker involved in cases of marital difficulty or of breakdown in the relationship between husband and wife would be well advised — regardless of the presenting problem — to seek out the sexual aspects of the case .
the social worker involved in cases of marital difficulty or of breakdown in the relationship between husband and wife would be well advised — [anyway/despite] of the presenting problem — to seek out the sexual aspects of the case .

One of these , intriguingly , was the non-existent Board of Magistrates for the Petty Sessions of Heaton Norris : the Charity Commissioners had been rather concerned , during the drafting of the Scheme , that letters addressed to this body were never answered , but pressed on with its inclusion regardless .
one of these , intriguingly , was the non-existent board of magistrates for the petty sessions of heaton norris : the charity commissioners had been rather concerned , during the drafting of the scheme , that letters addressed to this body were never answered , but pressed on with its inclusion [anyway/despite] .

Its activities are open to all people , regardless of caste and creed , but the main beneficiaries are tribal and Dalit groups .
its activities are open to all people , [anyway/despite] of caste and creed , but the main beneficiaries are tribal and dalit groups .

Local authorities are statutory corporations and are sued as such regardless of which of their officials or members did the challenged act ( s ) .
local authorities are statutory corporations and are sued as such [anyway/despite] of which of their officials or members did the challenged act ( s ) .

The idea here is that citizens would be entitled to compensation for loss caused by the conduct of a particular activity regardless of whether that activity was conducted legally or illegally , in a faulty way or absolutely blamelessly .
the idea here is that citizens would be entitled to compensation for loss caused by the conduct of a particular activity [anyway/despite] of whether that activity was conducted legally or illegally , in a faulty way or absolutely blamelessly .

It may be , of course , that what we really want is that some losses so caused should be compensated for if they result from illegal action , and some other losses compensated for regardless of whether they result from illegal action or not .
it may be , of course , that what we really want is that some losses so caused should be compensated for if they result from illegal action , and some other losses compensated for [anyway/despite] of whether they result from illegal action or not .

All viewers , regardless of geographical situation , have the right to receive existing and future national Hertzian stations .
all viewers , [anyway/despite] of geographical situation , have the right to receive existing and future national hertzian stations .

Regardless of who we are or what we may do in life all of us have an upper limit to the stress that our bodies can take .
[anyway/despite] of who we are or what we may do in life all of us have an upper limit to the stress that our bodies can take .

We also told him that , as a matter of policy , regardless of the legal situation , we certainly would n't be prepared to offer the painting for sale unless it had first been offered to the museum to see whether it would be possible for them to re-acquire it .
we also told him that , as a matter of policy , [anyway/despite] of the legal situation , we certainly would n't be prepared to offer the painting for sale unless it had first been offered to the museum to see whether it would be possible for them to re-acquire it .

Entry is normally open to all who can demonstrate a capacity to keep up with the courses and to benefit from such study , regardless of age or background .
entry is normally open to all who can demonstrate a capacity to keep up with the courses and to benefit from such study , [anyway/despite] of age or background .

It literally means a rug manufactured in the Orient , and could legitimately be applied to any rug of oriental origin , regardless of its appearance or how it was made .
it literally means a rug manufactured in the orient , and could legitimately be applied to any rug of oriental origin , [anyway/despite] of its appearance or how it was made .

This interchange of visual ideas permeates every facet of the weaver 's art , and is one of the prime reasons why all oriental rugs , regardless of their compositional differences , possess an underlying character that sets them apart from hand-made rugs produced in other areas of the world .
this interchange of visual ideas permeates every facet of the weaver 's art , and is one of the prime reasons why all oriental rugs , [anyway/despite] of their compositional differences , possess an underlying character that sets them apart from hand-made rugs produced in other areas of the world .

In the United States , and many other countries , `` rug `` is used to describe any item , regardless of size , whereas anything sold in Britain or the British Commonwealth is usually clearly identified either as a carpet or a rug .
in the united states , and many other countries , `` rug `` is used to describe any item , [anyway/despite] of size , whereas anything sold in britain or the british commonwealth is usually clearly identified either as a carpet or a rug .

Similarly , experts will talk about Persian carpets and Anatolian ( Turkish ) rugs , regardless of the fact that both countries produce items in all sizes , shapes and designs ; this is probably because Persia is most famous for its magnificent Court carpets , while Anatolia is viewed as the home of the prayer rug .
similarly , experts will talk about persian carpets and anatolian ( turkish ) rugs , [anyway/despite] of the fact that both countries produce items in all sizes , shapes and designs ; this is probably because persia is most famous for its magnificent court carpets , while anatolia is viewed as the home of the prayer rug .

Each of these categories — nomadic , village , workshop and masterworkshop — has its own special qualities and appeal ; people who like nomadic rugs , for example , will tend to appreciate them as a whole , regardless of whether they originate form Persia , Anatolia or Afghanistan .
each of these categories — nomadic , village , workshop and masterworkshop — has its own special qualities and appeal ; people who like nomadic rugs , for example , will tend to appreciate them as a whole , [anyway/despite] of whether they originate form persia , anatolia or afghanistan .

The various local and international fluctuations in market forces make it impossible to fix the price of oriental rugs in terms of cash amounts ; regardless of their accuracy at the time of writing , they would soon become out of date .
the various local and international fluctuations in market forces make it impossible to fix the price of oriental rugs in terms of cash amounts ; [anyway/despite] of their accuracy at the time of writing , they would soon become out of date .

Other characters may also be found , but it is common practice to refer to all symbolic characters as Shou ( or Fu ) symbols , regardless of their exact form or meaning .
other characters may also be found , but it is common practice to refer to all symbolic characters as shou ( or fu ) symbols , [anyway/despite] of their exact form or meaning .

Smirlock and Marshall ( 1983 ) take the view that each set of constraints excepting the product market is in principle a sufficient condition for efficient performance : `` If any of these mechanisms [ competition among managers , owners design and monitoring of incentive schemes , capital markets ] … were to operate perfectly ( and costlessly ) , then , regardless of the output market environment , profit maximisation would be coincident with utility maximisation by managers ( p. 168 ) .
smirlock and marshall ( 1983 ) take the view that each set of constraints excepting the product market is in principle a sufficient condition for efficient performance : `` if any of these mechanisms [ competition among managers , owners design and monitoring of incentive schemes , capital markets ] … were to operate perfectly ( and costlessly ) , then , [anyway/despite] of the output market environment , profit maximisation would be coincident with utility maximisation by managers ( p. 168 ) .

Support increased for the ‘ endowment of motherhood ’ , cash support for all families regardless of the cause of their poverty .
support increased for the ‘ endowment of motherhood ’ , cash support for all families [anyway/despite] of the cause of their poverty .

For those who are interested in taking up more formal exercise , the best types are aerobic exercises such as swimming , walking and stationary cycling , which most people can perform , regardless of their fitness level .
for those who are interested in taking up more formal exercise , the best types are aerobic exercises such as swimming , walking and stationary cycling , which most people can perform , [anyway/despite] of their fitness level .

Industrialization had been seen as the key to international strength , and industrial development had been pushed forward regardless of rural and urban poverty , environmental damage and social and economic dislocation .
industrialization had been seen as the key to international strength , and industrial development had been pushed forward [anyway/despite] of rural and urban poverty , environmental damage and social and economic dislocation .

Regardless of your preference you should try to establish a pattern .
[anyway/despite] of your preference you should try to establish a pattern .

The purpose is to create a permanent creative thinking culture in which all employees , regardless of grade and status , come to regard thinking as an essential element of their role .
the purpose is to create a permanent creative thinking culture in which all employees , [anyway/despite] of grade and status , come to regard thinking as an essential element of their role .

There is a common rule to follow regardless of the style or the function of a report .
there is a common rule to follow [anyway/despite] of the style or the function of a report .

The interest payable on your mortgage is charged at the Midland Home Loan Rate , regardless of the amount you borrow — we make no surcharges for larger amounts .
the interest payable on your mortgage is charged at the midland home loan rate , [anyway/despite] of the amount you borrow — we make no surcharges for larger amounts .

If communication takes place acoustically or optically ( through speech or writing ) then this is due to the faculty of abstraction of the auditory and visual centres of the brain , that is , the ability of the brain to recognise the class in a specimen of the class , regardless of the individual features of the specimen .
if communication takes place acoustically or optically ( through speech or writing ) then this is due to the faculty of abstraction of the auditory and visual centres of the brain , that is , the ability of the brain to recognise the class in a specimen of the class , [anyway/despite] of the individual features of the specimen .

At present , unless people with mental health problems are sectioned under the Mental Health Act , they can refuse medication regardless of the consequences .
at present , unless people with mental health problems are sectioned under the mental health act , they can refuse medication [anyway/despite] of the consequences .

The contributions paid by employers are at the same rate , regardless of whether the employee pays at standard or reduced rate .
the contributions paid by employers are at the same rate , [anyway/despite] of whether the employee pays at standard or reduced rate .

We extracted from each trial data for an analysis by intention to treat — that is , an analysis that retains all individuals within the group to which they were randomised , regardless of compliance .
we extracted from each trial data for an analysis by intention to treat — that is , an analysis that retains all individuals within the group to which they were randomised , [anyway/despite] of compliance .

In these latter cases , one clue is that performance and reward are always very closely related regardless of what they do .
in these latter cases , one clue is that performance and reward are always very closely related [anyway/despite] of what they do .

They develop through well researched stages regardless of whether they are formal or informal .
they develop through well researched stages [anyway/despite] of whether they are formal or informal .

The poll-tax , a fixed annual levy placed on all tax-paying males regardless of age , together with the rent imposed on state peasants , formed the basis of state revenue for over a century .
the poll-tax , a fixed annual levy placed on all tax-paying males [anyway/despite] of age , together with the rent imposed on state peasants , formed the basis of state revenue for over a century .

Commission officials say that they sought out the most talented people in each field , regardless of gender or race .
commission officials say that they sought out the most talented people in each field , [anyway/despite] of gender or race .

Any lexicographer may obtain entry text for read only or for proofing regardless of ownership or the status of the on-loan flag .
any lexicographer may obtain entry text for read only or for proofing [anyway/despite] of ownership or the status of the on-loan flag .

The dealer would try to persuade the new client to reinvest not just the £500 he got from selling his Rolls Royce shares , for instance , but as much money in addition as he could be persuaded to part with , regardless of how far this was in his interest .
the dealer would try to persuade the new client to reinvest not just the £500 he got from selling his rolls royce shares , for instance , but as much money in addition as he could be persuaded to part with , [anyway/despite] of how far this was in his interest .

Most surgical patients , regardless of the extent of their operation , are at risk of some degree of problem with breathing .
most surgical patients , [anyway/despite] of the extent of their operation , are at risk of some degree of problem with breathing .

This meant that schools received standard sums as either Major or Minor awards , regardless of differences in the scale of need between schools in either category .
this meant that schools received standard sums as either major or minor awards , [anyway/despite] of differences in the scale of need between schools in either category .

, are the best way of ensuring that employers value the skills and aptitudes of young people regardless of gender , race or disability .
, are the best way of ensuring that employers value the skills and aptitudes of young people [anyway/despite] of gender , race or disability .

This is so regardless of whether the occupation of the male ( if any ) in the household decisively shapes the class location of the household .
this is so [anyway/despite] of whether the occupation of the male ( if any ) in the household decisively shapes the class location of the household .

Stalin had observed , when the treaty between the Soviet Union and Finland was signed , that Russia believed in true equality between states regardless of respective might .
stalin had observed , when the treaty between the soviet union and finland was signed , that russia believed in true equality between states [anyway/despite] of respective might .

If you can prove that the goods were defective when you bought them , you do have a claim against the seller and this is regardless of whether the guarantee has expired or not .
if you can prove that the goods were defective when you bought them , you do have a claim against the seller and this is [anyway/despite] of whether the guarantee has expired or not .

People will buy a house if it suits them , regardless of the image you might be trying to create .
people will buy a house if it suits them , [anyway/despite] of the image you might be trying to create .

Regardless , he insists , ‘ London 's share will be diluted .
[anyway/despite] , he insists , ‘ london 's share will be diluted .

Regardless of style , hair should be kept in tip-top condition right now , reflecting a ‘ natural feel and texture ’ , says Liz Edmonds of the Edmonds salon .
[anyway/despite] of style , hair should be kept in tip-top condition right now , reflecting a ‘ natural feel and texture ’ , says liz edmonds of the edmonds salon .

The concept of power , then , enables us to understand the actions of all statesmen and women , regardless of their views and intentions .
the concept of power , then , enables us to understand the actions of all statesmen and women , [anyway/despite] of their views and intentions .

The interviewees stated that all patients were treated in a similar manner regardless of the size of their habit and that the quantity of methadone and the length of time it was given were inadequate .
the interviewees stated that all patients were treated in a similar manner [anyway/despite] of the size of their habit and that the quantity of methadone and the length of time it was given were inadequate .

Thus , many users prefer to stay hidden regardless of the problems that this might cause their families or themselves .
thus , many users prefer to stay hidden [anyway/despite] of the problems that this might cause their families or themselves .

Although the parquet was then expected to take steps to bring the document to the attention of the defendant , service was already complete and time began to run for various purposes regardless of the date upon which the defendant received actual notice of the proceedings .
although the parquet was then expected to take steps to bring the document to the attention of the defendant , service was already complete and time began to run for various purposes [anyway/despite] of the date upon which the defendant received actual notice of the proceedings .

In law , the subsidiary company is a distinct entity , regardless of the control exercised over it , and it will be doing its own business not that of its parent .
in law , the subsidiary company is a distinct entity , [anyway/despite] of the control exercised over it , and it will be doing its own business not that of its parent .

Service may be effected at his principal place of business in the jurisdiction , regardless of his current residence .
service may be effected at his principal place of business in the jurisdiction , [anyway/despite] of his current residence .

Defining rigorously what constitutes a clinically significant depressive illness is problematic , regardless of the age range under consideration .
defining rigorously what constitutes a clinically significant depressive illness is problematic , [anyway/despite] of the age range under consideration .

Data from the health and lifestyle survey suggest that , regardless of age , symptoms of psycho-social disturbance are correlated with social support .
data from the health and lifestyle survey suggest that , [anyway/despite] of age , symptoms of psycho-social disturbance are correlated with social support .

Regardless of age health appears to be an attribute which is primarily associated with males .
[anyway/despite] of age health appears to be an attribute which is primarily associated with males .

Regardless of age and gender , health is viewed by the majority as a psychological rather than physical or social paradigm .
[anyway/despite] of age and gender , health is viewed by the majority as a psychological rather than physical or social paradigm .

For the more general notion of one person working upon another regardless of the medium of action , we shall retain the ordinary use of the term ‘ influence ’ .
for the more general notion of one person working upon another [anyway/despite] of the medium of action , we shall retain the ordinary use of the term ‘ influence ’ .

But additionally , and given the enormous importance attached to the equilibration of dignity , not surprisingly , we find reference to a form of self-arbitration , where what they have said and done is judged by reference to their own conceptions of their integrity and dignity , regardless of ‘ popular ’ opinion or the arbitration of specific others .
but additionally , and given the enormous importance attached to the equilibration of dignity , not surprisingly , we find reference to a form of self-arbitration , where what they have said and done is judged by reference to their own conceptions of their integrity and dignity , [anyway/despite] of ‘ popular ’ opinion or the arbitration of specific others .

Actions are judged by reference to their own conceptions of dignity and integrity , regardless of other influences .
actions are judged by reference to their own conceptions of dignity and integrity , [anyway/despite] of other influences .

In keeping with the rationale of the legislation , the effect of the House of Lords ruling was to make guilty a tippee who knowingly traded in shares on the basis of unpublished price sensitive information , regardless of how the information was obtained .
in keeping with the rationale of the legislation , the effect of the house of lords ruling was to make guilty a tippee who knowingly traded in shares on the basis of unpublished price sensitive information , [anyway/despite] of how the information was obtained .

The second , related one is about the reasons for treating all people as if they were the same , regardless of their individual peculiarities of sex and gender .
the second , related one is about the reasons for treating all people as if they were the same , [anyway/despite] of their individual peculiarities of sex and gender .

On the other hand if we demand the right of cohabitees to an income regardless of their man 's resources ( i.e .
on the other hand if we demand the right of cohabitees to an income [anyway/despite] of their man 's resources ( i.e .

We already do that for widows , most of whom get enough in benefits — paid regardless of their incomes — to lift them well above supplementary benefit levels .
we already do that for widows , most of whom get enough in benefits — paid [anyway/despite] of their incomes — to lift them well above supplementary benefit levels .

He said the father of two ‘ died from a deep sense of duty , regardless of a generation , some of whom do not recognise or accept authority ’ .
he said the father of two ‘ died from a deep sense of duty , [anyway/despite] of a generation , some of whom do not recognise or accept authority ’ .

In a statement he said that ‘ regardless of legal liability ’ the health authorities wanted to offer compensation without the families having to be involved in further legal action .
in a statement he said that ‘ [anyway/despite] of legal liability ’ the health authorities wanted to offer compensation without the families having to be involved in further legal action .

Once you have 60% no claim bonus , your bonus will be protected regardless of the number of claims you make , so long as you pay the extra premium .
once you have 60% no claim bonus , your bonus will be protected [anyway/despite] of the number of claims you make , so long as you pay the extra premium .

Once you have 60% no claim bonus , your bonus will be protected regardless of the number of claims you make , so long as you pay the extra premium .
once you have 60% no claim bonus , your bonus will be protected [anyway/despite] of the number of claims you make , so long as you pay the extra premium .

Once you have 60% no claim bonus , your bonus will be protected regardless of the number of claims you make , so long as you pay the extra premium .
once you have 60% no claim bonus , your bonus will be protected [anyway/despite] of the number of claims you make , so long as you pay the extra premium .

Once you have 60% no claim bonus , your bonus will be protected regardless of the number of claims you make , so long as you pay the extra premium .
once you have 60% no claim bonus , your bonus will be protected [anyway/despite] of the number of claims you make , so long as you pay the extra premium .

Recognition of qualifications regardless of where they are acquired
recognition of qualifications [anyway/despite] of where they are acquired

where a defendants conduct led the plaintiff to incur expenditure in the reasonable belief that the action was to proceed to trial regardless of the plaintiffs delay even where the limitation period had expired , the defendant was estopped from claiming that the action be struck out for want of prosecution on the grounds of the plaintiffs delay .
where a defendants conduct led the plaintiff to incur expenditure in the reasonable belief that the action was to proceed to trial [anyway/despite] of the plaintiffs delay even where the limitation period had expired , the defendant was estopped from claiming that the action be struck out for want of prosecution on the grounds of the plaintiffs delay .

Thus , an insurer has no reason to expect to have such enquiries addressed to him regardless of the sum insured. :
thus , an insurer has no reason to expect to have such enquiries addressed to him [anyway/despite] of the sum insured. :

What it requires to extend it is what Einstein 's work on general relativity gave to the special theory , namely , a generalization of it which extends it to all frames of reference regardless .
what it requires to extend it is what einstein 's work on general relativity gave to the special theory , namely , a generalization of it which extends it to all frames of reference [anyway/despite] .

However the entry requirements and the course content will be the same for all students regardless of which institution has admitted them .
however the entry requirements and the course content will be the same for all students [anyway/despite] of which institution has admitted them .

An intrinsic colonic permeability defect has been proposed in ulcerative colitis , regardless of disease activity , after studies with 9 9 m technetium-diethylene-triamino-pentaacetic acid ( 9 9 m Tc-DTPA ) and 5 1 chromium-ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid ( 5 1 Cr-EDTA ) .
an intrinsic colonic permeability defect has been proposed in ulcerative colitis , [anyway/despite] of disease activity , after studies with 9 9 m technetium-diethylene-triamino-pentaacetic acid ( 9 9 m tc-dtpa ) and 5 1 chromium-ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid ( 5 1 cr-edta ) .

We found little evidence for the existence of an intrinsic colon permeability defect in ulcerative colitis regardless of disease activity , which has been proposed after studies with oral 9 9 m Tc-DTPA and 5 1 Cr-EDTA .
we found little evidence for the existence of an intrinsic colon permeability defect in ulcerative colitis [anyway/despite] of disease activity , which has been proposed after studies with oral 9 9 m tc-dtpa and 5 1 cr-edta .

The main findings of this study can be summarised as follows : ( 1 ) patients with adenomatous colorectal polyps generally showed a significant increase in the cytoproliferative activity of the most superficial portions of the rectal crypts compared with controls ; ( b ) this difference was primarily the result of an appreciable upward shift of replicating cells in patients destined to suffer from recurrent polyps ; the proliferative pattern of patients whose polyps did not recur after initial polypectomies were essentially similar to those of controls ; ( c ) the proliferative pattern of flat rectal mucosa did not change appreciably during the follow up period regardless of whether polyps recurred or not .
the main findings of this study can be summarised as follows : ( 1 ) patients with adenomatous colorectal polyps generally showed a significant increase in the cytoproliferative activity of the most superficial portions of the rectal crypts compared with controls ; ( b ) this difference was primarily the result of an appreciable upward shift of replicating cells in patients destined to suffer from recurrent polyps ; the proliferative pattern of patients whose polyps did not recur after initial polypectomies were essentially similar to those of controls ; ( c ) the proliferative pattern of flat rectal mucosa did not change appreciably during the follow up period [anyway/despite] of whether polyps recurred or not .

In their most recent study they compared these distant from the tumour with those from histologically normal samples taken within a 1 cm radius of the tumour and founr that regardless of the colonic segment being considered , the proliferative activity in tumour adjacent tissues was generally dampened with respect to that of the more distant specimens .
in their most recent study they compared these distant from the tumour with those from histologically normal samples taken within a 1 cm radius of the tumour and founr that [anyway/despite] of the colonic segment being considered , the proliferative activity in tumour adjacent tissues was generally dampened with respect to that of the more distant specimens .

While these authors also noted a slight decrease in the proliferative activity of the distal colon , they found that this difference remained constant regardless of the risk status of the subject ( normal controls , small or large adenomas , colon cancer ) .
while these authors also noted a slight decrease in the proliferative activity of the distal colon , they found that this difference remained constant [anyway/despite] of the risk status of the subject ( normal controls , small or large adenomas , colon cancer ) .

But regardless of the precise predictive value of this threshold , our findings show clearly that patients destined to suffer recurrence presented a persistent upward shift in the proliferative pattern which could be detected before the relapse occurred .
but [anyway/despite] of the precise predictive value of this threshold , our findings show clearly that patients destined to suffer recurrence presented a persistent upward shift in the proliferative pattern which could be detected before the relapse occurred .

Since rates of fluid transport were similar , regardless of the method used for estimating fluid transport , the results from the two methods were pooled .
since rates of fluid transport were similar , [anyway/despite] of the method used for estimating fluid transport , the results from the two methods were pooled .

For example , if a package contains a particular module , regardless of version , then its manager is informed of all SPRs and SSRs which are submitted and which reference the module .
for example , if a package contains a particular module , [anyway/despite] of version , then its manager is informed of all sprs and ssrs which are submitted and which reference the module .

The hard copy volume is deleted from the hard copy directory regardless of whether it has been accepted or rejected .
the hard copy volume is deleted from the hard copy directory [anyway/despite] of whether it has been accepted or rejected .

Finally , the user can specify whether he wants All(A) relevant SSRs included in the report , regardless of version number , or only those SSRs which relate to specific modules and version numbers which appear in the package structure ie. Current(C) SSRs .
finally , the user can specify whether he wants all(a) relevant ssrs included in the report , [anyway/despite] of version number , or only those ssrs which relate to specific modules and version numbers which appear in the package structure ie. current(c) ssrs .

This key deletes all characters in the field , regardless of the position of the cursor ( except for those characters built into the field , called ‘ field marker characters ’ ) .
this key deletes all characters in the field , [anyway/despite] of the position of the cursor ( except for those characters built into the field , called ‘ field marker characters ’ ) .

Regardless of whether or not the user carries out these checks , option 1.5.2 must be used by the designated approver during the approval process .
[anyway/despite] of whether or not the user carries out these checks , option 1.5.2 must be used by the designated approver during the approval process .

it will calculate how many blocks can be stored and then continue until it has achieved that workload regardless of the 15 minute factor .
it will calculate how many blocks can be stored and then continue until it has achieved that workload [anyway/despite] of the 15 minute factor .

Much of this mobility was accounted for by adolescent farm servants who regularly changed jobs every year ; they moved from farm to farm regardless of parish boundaries but rarely went very far .
much of this mobility was accounted for by adolescent farm servants who regularly changed jobs every year ; they moved from farm to farm [anyway/despite] of parish boundaries but rarely went very far .

Regardless of overall inefficiency , it seems clear that more meals will be cooked over charcoal in the future .
[anyway/despite] of overall inefficiency , it seems clear that more meals will be cooked over charcoal in the future .

Leaders decide regardless of the vote .
leaders decide [anyway/despite] of the vote .

This means that revenue is recognized as services are rendered and expenses are recognized as efforts are expended or services used to obtain the revenue , regardless of when cash is received or disbursed .
this means that revenue is recognized as services are rendered and expenses are recognized as efforts are expended or services used to obtain the revenue , [anyway/despite] of when cash is received or disbursed .

Nevertheless he continued to insist that all government was of divine institution , and that political authority was conferred by God , so that resistance to the `` powers-that-be `` was always a sin , regardless of what form that political authority took .
nevertheless he continued to insist that all government was of divine institution , and that political authority was conferred by god , so that resistance to the `` powers-that-be `` was always a sin , [anyway/despite] of what form that political authority took .

That is to say , GEMMs provide a quote-driven market at all times and regardless of market conditions .
that is to say , gemms provide a quote-driven market at all times and [anyway/despite] of market conditions .

On the face of it , the market appears to have many of the features of a contestable market , that is , one where competitive conditions are maintained regardless of the market structure , due to the threat of new entry .
on the face of it , the market appears to have many of the features of a contestable market , that is , one where competitive conditions are maintained [anyway/despite] of the market structure , due to the threat of new entry .

Alternatively , where the members of the single community under study perceive themselves as belonging to a number of separate kin groups which do not intermarry , this is a matter of great sociological significance regardless of what may or may not be the actual biological facts of the case .
alternatively , where the members of the single community under study perceive themselves as belonging to a number of separate kin groups which do not intermarry , this is a matter of great sociological significance [anyway/despite] of what may or may not be the actual biological facts of the case .

Regardless of their fanciful biblical titles , there was nothing remotely Christian or charitable about them .
[anyway/despite] of their fanciful biblical titles , there was nothing remotely christian or charitable about them .

‘ Our outings are held all the year round , regardless of the weather .
‘ our outings are held all the year round , [anyway/despite] of the weather .

Regardless of the competition , or the time of year , matches between these two counties are invariably crunch confrontations .
[anyway/despite] of the competition , or the time of year , matches between these two counties are invariably crunch confrontations .

Regardless of what Nick Popplewell and he might achieve in the months ahead with the Lions last Saturday will never leave him .
[anyway/despite] of what nick popplewell and he might achieve in the months ahead with the lions last saturday will never leave him .

Lighting seemed to be at one basic level regardless of time of day or night though was subtly achieved in the final scene .
lighting seemed to be at one basic level [anyway/despite] of time of day or night though was subtly achieved in the final scene .

Any person who requests environmental information , regardless of nationality , regardless of the reason for the request .
any person who requests environmental information , [anyway/despite] of nationality , [anyway/despite] of the reason for the request .

It was something you had to accept understand the reasons for and carry on regardless .
it was something you had to accept understand the reasons for and carry on [anyway/despite] .

But , regardless of how she felt , she had to put on a good face .
but , [anyway/despite] of how she felt , she had to put on a good face .

‘ You like it so much you agreed to sail across the Mediterranean , with a man you 'd only met a couple of times , regardless of the fact that you did n't know one end of a boat from the other .
‘ you like it so much you agreed to sail across the mediterranean , with a man you 'd only met a couple of times , [anyway/despite] of the fact that you did n't know one end of a boat from the other .

regardless of whether it was true or false .
[anyway/despite] of whether it was true or false .

’ His eyes narrowed dangerously , but she ploughed on regardless , too wound up now to pay any attention to the threat .
’ his eyes narrowed dangerously , but she ploughed on [anyway/despite] , too wound up now to pay any attention to the threat .

‘ Only if you raped me , ’ she spat back . ‘ Is that how you keep your track record , Dane ? By taking what you want regardless of how the other person feels ? ’
‘ only if you raped me , ’ she spat back . ‘ is that how you keep your track record , dane ? by taking what you want [anyway/despite] of how the other person feels ? ’

She would put all her energies into her work , and try to forge ahead regardless of the emotional upheaval that was erupting inside her .
she would put all her energies into her work , and try to forge ahead [anyway/despite] of the emotional upheaval that was erupting inside her .

He tried to explain that magic had indeed once been wild and lawless , but had been tamed back in the mists of time by the Olden Ones , who had bound it to obey among other things the Law of Conservation of Reality ; this demanded that the effort needed to achieve a goal should be the same regardless of the means used .
he tried to explain that magic had indeed once been wild and lawless , but had been tamed back in the mists of time by the olden ones , who had bound it to obey among other things the law of conservation of reality ; this demanded that the effort needed to achieve a goal should be the same [anyway/despite] of the means used .

As far as he was concerned , both she and her sister were two of a kind — cheap and unprincipled , living for the moment , regardless of who got hurt in the process .
as far as he was concerned , both she and her sister were two of a kind — cheap and unprincipled , living for the moment , [anyway/despite] of who got hurt in the process .

We tend to take pictures of people for granted regardless of the purpose and circumstances of the making , and context in which we encounter the image .
we tend to take pictures of people for granted [anyway/despite] of the purpose and circumstances of the making , and context in which we encounter the image .

For most Disabled people , individual medical conditions , regardless of whether they are physical , sensory , learning or emotional , are of relative unimportance .
for most disabled people , individual medical conditions , [anyway/despite] of whether they are physical , sensory , learning or emotional , are of relative unimportance .

The Banking Certificate , launched in 1986 , continues the long-established Institute tradition of providing every bank recruit with the means of attaining the highest professional status , regardless of entry qualifications .
the banking certificate , launched in 1986 , continues the long-established institute tradition of providing every bank recruit with the means of attaining the highest professional status , [anyway/despite] of entry qualifications .

Merit goods ( bads ) are goods that society thinks everyone ought to have ( ought not to have ) regardless of whether they are wanted by each individual .
merit goods ( bads ) are goods that society thinks everyone ought to have ( ought not to have ) [anyway/despite] of whether they are wanted by each individual .

( It is not possible , regardless of how complex a model is used , to analyse all of the text perfectly ) .
( it is not possible , [anyway/despite] of how complex a model is used , to analyse all of the text perfectly ) .

This should obviously lead to an improvement in the situation but regardless of the size of the corpus there will always be some transitions that are not found .
this should obviously lead to an improvement in the situation but [anyway/despite] of the size of the corpus there will always be some transitions that are not found .

Every day is beautiful to the Community , regardless of what is happening outside .
every day is beautiful to the community , [anyway/despite] of what is happening outside .

Sally-Anne wrenched her arm away from his hand , stopped , and turned to face him , regardless of interested spectators .
sally-anne wrenched her arm away from his hand , stopped , and turned to face him , [anyway/despite] of interested spectators .

He would marry another heiress , she knew that quite well , almost certainly one who would take him for his title , regardless of his character and conduct .
he would marry another heiress , she knew that quite well , almost certainly one who would take him for his title , [anyway/despite] of his character and conduct .

Wages depended not on skill or responsibility but on quantity of output , regardless of quality .
wages depended not on skill or responsibility but on quantity of output , [anyway/despite] of quality .

This means that the test itself , regardless of its content is capable of acting as a filter , which is exactly what society wants , to allocate educational resources on an apparently fair and scientific basis .
this means that the test itself , [anyway/despite] of its content is capable of acting as a filter , which is exactly what society wants , to allocate educational resources on an apparently fair and scientific basis .

From his own mouth they understood that , regardless of ethnic or regional or age identity , they would have to surrender nothing in order to gain a great deal : that alliance need not produce merger or submergence , that even racist habits of mind became beside the point — you could vote for ‘ the nigger ’ not because you wanted a Black man in your family but because you thought he might save your family farm .
from his own mouth they understood that , [anyway/despite] of ethnic or regional or age identity , they would have to surrender nothing in order to gain a great deal : that alliance need not produce merger or submergence , that even racist habits of mind became beside the point — you could vote for ‘ the nigger ’ not because you wanted a black man in your family but because you thought he might save your family farm .

Sembene Ousmane is a story-teller and a skilful writer who can carry you along with the drama and the atmosphere regardless of subject .
sembene ousmane is a story-teller and a skilful writer who can carry you along with the drama and the atmosphere [anyway/despite] of subject .

He describes himself as having ‘ worked his way single-mindedly downwards ’ since a burst of popularity on the Sixties satirical circuit — and part of the reason for that is his determined production of radical anthems regardless of political or musical fashion .
he describes himself as having ‘ worked his way single-mindedly downwards ’ since a burst of popularity on the sixties satirical circuit — and part of the reason for that is his determined production of radical anthems [anyway/despite] of political or musical fashion .

If you walk in on any game you assess the relative positions of all the pieces — regardless of how they got there .
if you walk in on any game you assess the relative positions of all the pieces — [anyway/despite] of how they got there .

Sales taxes are usually ‘ regressive ’ because every customer must pay the same tax , regardless of their ability to pay .
sales taxes are usually ‘ regressive ’ because every customer must pay the same tax , [anyway/despite] of their ability to pay .

Again such taxes discriminate against the poor because everyone must pay the same regardless of their actual wealth .
again such taxes discriminate against the poor because everyone must pay the same [anyway/despite] of their actual wealth .

Regardless of the statistics used , we now find that one of Britain 's greatest industries is threatened by a Government who ooze indifference , and who are not interested in investment or in investment in skills .
[anyway/despite] of the statistics used , we now find that one of britain 's greatest industries is threatened by a government who ooze indifference , and who are not interested in investment or in investment in skills .

The burden of reform must be borne fairly throughout the Community , both between and within member states , regardless of size and location , bearing in mind the paramount need to ensure the survival of the most efficient producers .
the burden of reform must be borne fairly throughout the community , both between and within member states , [anyway/despite] of size and location , bearing in mind the paramount need to ensure the survival of the most efficient producers .

Would it not be a good idea , given the suggestion that all these shady capitalist things happen on only one side of the House , to discuss pension funds and how they are to be controlled ? Regardless of what company is involved in such matters and of whether it has a socialist supporter , a Conservative supporter or no political supporter at all , it is our duty as a House to enable everyone in the country to feel that his or her pension is well protected .
would it not be a good idea , given the suggestion that all these shady capitalist things happen on only one side of the house , to discuss pension funds and how they are to be controlled ? [anyway/despite] of what company is involved in such matters and of whether it has a socialist supporter , a conservative supporter or no political supporter at all , it is our duty as a house to enable everyone in the country to feel that his or her pension is well protected .

Regardless of local circumstances , they would be the same in Glasgow as in Naples ; the same in Lisbon as in Berlin .
[anyway/despite] of local circumstances , they would be the same in glasgow as in naples ; the same in lisbon as in berlin .

Gentleman understand that we very much welcome his commitment to taking the path of democracy regardless of where it leads ?
gentleman understand that we very much welcome his commitment to taking the path of democracy [anyway/despite] of where it leads ?

In the new document — The Patients ' Charter — there are listed seven existing rights ; the first of which states : Every citizen has the right to receive health care on the basis of clinical need regardless of the ability to pay ' .
in the new document — the patients ' charter — there are listed seven existing rights ; the first of which states : every citizen has the right to receive health care on the basis of clinical need [anyway/despite] of the ability to pay ' .

The health service unions , like members of the public , are worried that the commitments in the patients charter ’ to receive health care on the basis of clinical need , regardless of ability to pay ’ are being breached daily .
the health service unions , like members of the public , are worried that the commitments in the patients charter ’ to receive health care on the basis of clinical need , [anyway/despite] of ability to pay ’ are being breached daily .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that while Jean-Marie Le Pen is legally entitled to come to this country , his obnoxious views on racism , immigration and nationality mean that he is simply not welcome in this country ? His racist views will be rejected by all the people in this country regardless of party . Does my right hon. Friend share my view that those people who may wish to have a dialogue with Mr. Le Pen are simply selling short their country and their countrymen ? Will my right hon. Friend say how unwelcome Mr. Le Pen and his views are ?
does my right hon. friend agree that while jean-marie le pen is legally entitled to come to this country , his obnoxious views on racism , immigration and nationality mean that he is simply not welcome in this country ? his racist views will be rejected by all the people in this country [anyway/despite] of party . does my right hon. friend share my view that those people who may wish to have a dialogue with mr. le pen are simply selling short their country and their countrymen ? will my right hon. friend say how unwelcome mr. le pen and his views are ?

Member for Sedgefield , once a programme is introduced it must carry on for ever , regardless of whether it is the most effective way of achieving those aims .
member for sedgefield , once a programme is introduced it must carry on for ever , [anyway/despite] of whether it is the most effective way of achieving those aims .

Its answer to the problem is either that it is entitled to more money from central Government , regardless of how much its rate support grant for the social services sector has risen , or that it needs the unfettered right to raise further taxes locally .
its answer to the problem is either that it is entitled to more money from central government , [anyway/despite] of how much its rate support grant for the social services sector has risen , or that it needs the unfettered right to raise further taxes locally .

They would prefer not to have to make a financial contribution , regardless of their ability to pay .
they would prefer not to have to make a financial contribution , [anyway/despite] of their ability to pay .

There would be an orgy of spending with no restraint , regardless of the damage that it might do to ratepayers , community charge payers or whatever they may be called .
there would be an orgy of spending with no restraint , [anyway/despite] of the damage that it might do to ratepayers , community charge payers or whatever they may be called .

How can any tax that has a universal contribution , regardless of income , be fair ? How can we consider the fairness of the council tax when the eight bands equate house values with the wealth of an individual and his ability to pay ? It is simply nonsense .
how can any tax that has a universal contribution , [anyway/despite] of income , be fair ? how can we consider the fairness of the council tax when the eight bands equate house values with the wealth of an individual and his ability to pay ? it is simply nonsense .

They are all vulnerable to property prices and the need for valuation regardless of individual circumstances .
they are all vulnerable to property prices and the need for valuation [anyway/despite] of individual circumstances .

However , all the inhabitants will be expected to pay roughly the same regardless of their income .
however , all the inhabitants will be expected to pay roughly the same [anyway/despite] of their income .

Under Labour , people in a house worth £200,000 must pay five times as much as people living in a £40,000 house , regardless of regional disparities or anything else .
under labour , people in a house worth £200,000 must pay five times as much as people living in a £40,000 house , [anyway/despite] of regional disparities or anything else .

Great literature comes to be imagined as the private , autonomous utterances of authors in a position to control their unfettered subjectivity regardless of historical constraint .
great literature comes to be imagined as the private , autonomous utterances of authors in a position to control their unfettered subjectivity [anyway/despite] of historical constraint .

But Spenser also makes it clear that it is difficult and sometimes impossible to distinguish between the true and the false , regardless of how clear-sighted and self-controlled his masculine knights may be .
but spenser also makes it clear that it is difficult and sometimes impossible to distinguish between the true and the false , [anyway/despite] of how clear-sighted and self-controlled his masculine knights may be .

Lucker is having none of my gung-ho enthusiasm and drives on regardless to the end of the peninsula .
lucker is having none of my gung-ho enthusiasm and drives on [anyway/despite] to the end of the peninsula .

It is easiest to discuss these in terms of the human requirements upon notation ; indeed , even with computer-based catalogues and indexes , people will be required to use and write or remember notation ( at least until the day when document arrangement is no longer relevant , or when machines are widely available to re-file information , regardless of size or form ) .
it is easiest to discuss these in terms of the human requirements upon notation ; indeed , even with computer-based catalogues and indexes , people will be required to use and write or remember notation ( at least until the day when document arrangement is no longer relevant , or when machines are widely available to re-file information , [anyway/despite] of size or form ) .

This was very familiar to those who had worked with Peter before ; he said it before every production , regardless of how complex or simple it was , and regardless of the length of rehearsal allocated .
this was very familiar to those who had worked with peter before ; he said it before every production , [anyway/despite] of how complex or simple it was , and [anyway/despite] of the length of rehearsal allocated .

Setting aside the question of whom Europe must defend herself against , each of these points of view fails to take account of one critical fact : the military structures of Nato , which have proved their worth over forty years , will still be in place regardless of any diminution of the American presence in Europe .
setting aside the question of whom europe must defend herself against , each of these points of view fails to take account of one critical fact : the military structures of nato , which have proved their worth over forty years , will still be in place [anyway/despite] of any diminution of the american presence in europe .

For if one ignores the relationship between the 's and β , and g , equation ( 4.29 ) seems to say that the level of real output can be raised by an increase in the quantity of money , regardless of whether or not that increase is predictable .
for if one ignores the relationship between the 's and β , and g , equation ( 4.29 ) seems to say that the level of real output can be raised by an increase in the quantity of money , [anyway/despite] of whether or not that increase is predictable .

The probability of any worker being employed , regardless of that worker 's union status , is .
the probability of any worker being employed , [anyway/despite] of that worker 's union status , is .

Comprehensive schools take all pupils ( except those attending special schools ) regardless of ability .
comprehensive schools take all pupils ( except those attending special schools ) [anyway/despite] of ability .

The next level — called ‘ Doctor of Philosophy ’ ( PhD or occasionally DPhil ) regardless of the subject of study — is a more advanced qualification requiring the submission of a thesis based on original research , and usually assumed to take three years of full-time study .
the next level — called ‘ doctor of philosophy ’ ( phd or occasionally dphil ) [anyway/despite] of the subject of study — is a more advanced qualification requiring the submission of a thesis based on original research , and usually assumed to take three years of full-time study .

So , all children can be compared in their attainments directly with one another , regardless of age .
so , all children can be compared in their attainments directly with one another , [anyway/despite] of age .

Why had she never realised before this that Dana had every right to do as she pleased , regardless of how her sister felt ?
why had she never realised before this that dana had every right to do as she pleased , [anyway/despite] of how her sister felt ?

Thirdly , there are insurmountable difficulties in ensuring equal opportunities for all pupils , regardless of gender , or socio-economic and cultural background , because all assessment tasks are bound within a particular context and culture which will inevitably favour some pupils to the detriment of others .
thirdly , there are insurmountable difficulties in ensuring equal opportunities for all pupils , [anyway/despite] of gender , or socio-economic and cultural background , because all assessment tasks are bound within a particular context and culture which will inevitably favour some pupils to the detriment of others .

It is a generally held perception that formal assessment has hindered and distorted work in the secondary classroom through laying too much emphasis on what is easily examinable , regardless of its relevance as musical experience .
it is a generally held perception that formal assessment has hindered and distorted work in the secondary classroom through laying too much emphasis on what is easily examinable , [anyway/despite] of its relevance as musical experience .

‘ Alas ! regardless of their doom ,
‘ alas ! [anyway/despite] of their doom ,

They , too , regardless of the loss of their leader , were intent on being suitably dressed for Bank Holiday .
they , too , [anyway/despite] of the loss of their leader , were intent on being suitably dressed for bank holiday .

We recruit , train and manage our employees regardless of sex , ethnic origin or religion .
we recruit , train and manage our employees [anyway/despite] of sex , ethnic origin or religion .

Some aspects of shared planning are valuable enough to survive regardless of the competition for school admissions .
some aspects of shared planning are valuable enough to survive [anyway/despite] of the competition for school admissions .

He argued ( 1989:14 ) that since institutions , largely regardless of the wishes of their members , have retained a bureaucratic organization , it is important to use the bureaucracy well , to maximise opportunities for institutions to achieve their objectives and for individuals to succeed in their careers .
he argued ( 1989:14 ) that since institutions , largely [anyway/despite] of the wishes of their members , have retained a bureaucratic organization , it is important to use the bureaucracy well , to maximise opportunities for institutions to achieve their objectives and for individuals to succeed in their careers .

To be given a steer saves time but regardless of whether the head or the local authority regards change as being large scale , well publicised , hotly debated or self-evidently necessary , it is still necessary , behind every broad picture , to make sure that the purpose and implications of specific change are explicit .
to be given a steer saves time but [anyway/despite] of whether the head or the local authority regards change as being large scale , well publicised , hotly debated or self-evidently necessary , it is still necessary , behind every broad picture , to make sure that the purpose and implications of specific change are explicit .

Whatever the subtlety which is brought into arguments about the quality of teaching , those classes and groups within a school which , regardless of individual children 's difficulties and disadvantages , regularly register high attainments will enhance the name of the school .
whatever the subtlety which is brought into arguments about the quality of teaching , those classes and groups within a school which , [anyway/despite] of individual children 's difficulties and disadvantages , regularly register high attainments will enhance the name of the school .

Regardless of the changes the near future may bring , the central importance of the head as an exemplar of personal and professional qualities will remain .
[anyway/despite] of the changes the near future may bring , the central importance of the head as an exemplar of personal and professional qualities will remain .

If these approaches are common to courses of study which advanced degree students follow regardless of the content ( for some will be specializing , for instance , in the field of special educational needs , others in the arts and humanities , others in mathematics and science ) it is because it is regarded as essential that the same grasp of knowledge and the same development of intellectual-cum-practical skill should typify all holders of a second degree in the field of education .
if these approaches are common to courses of study which advanced degree students follow [anyway/despite] of the content ( for some will be specializing , for instance , in the field of special educational needs , others in the arts and humanities , others in mathematics and science ) it is because it is regarded as essential that the same grasp of knowledge and the same development of intellectual-cum-practical skill should typify all holders of a second degree in the field of education .

Management will move at the same pace , absorbing as proactively as possible those contributions to continued improvement which , regardless of their source , focus on quality assurance .
management will move at the same pace , absorbing as proactively as possible those contributions to continued improvement which , [anyway/despite] of their source , focus on quality assurance .

The successful applicant would report direct to management but would be accountable to all staff members within their area , regardless of grade .
the successful applicant would report direct to management but would be accountable to all staff members within their area , [anyway/despite] of grade .

Seeks to serve all , regardless of their creed , though not unrespectful of their beliefs .
seeks to serve all , [anyway/despite] of their creed , though not unrespectful of their beliefs .

It is argued that the law results in employers unwillingly or unwittingly engaging or promoting minorities , regardless of their abilities or qualifications , and whether or not they are the best person for the job .
it is argued that the law results in employers unwillingly or unwittingly engaging or promoting minorities , [anyway/despite] of their abilities or qualifications , and whether or not they are the best person for the job .

Such proposals should apply to all applicants and employees , regardless of disability .
such proposals should apply to all applicants and employees , [anyway/despite] of disability .

Nonetheless the Conservatives ' opposition to Beveridge disillusioned many people who felt they could not be trusted to implement the report , regardless of any promises they might make .
nonetheless the conservatives ' opposition to beveridge disillusioned many people who felt they could not be trusted to implement the report , [anyway/despite] of any promises they might make .

Construction tends to plough on regardless of the weather , but the long hours of daylight are a big plus and sunshine is a decided improvement over icy winds .
construction tends to plough on [anyway/despite] of the weather , but the long hours of daylight are a big plus and sunshine is a decided improvement over icy winds .

In an effort to make the bill more acceptable , its Democratic sponsors included a provision which specifically prohibited the establishment of quotas , defined by its supporters as the hiring of a fixed proportion of minority workers regardless of their qualifications .
in an effort to make the bill more acceptable , its democratic sponsors included a provision which specifically prohibited the establishment of quotas , defined by its supporters as the hiring of a fixed proportion of minority workers [anyway/despite] of their qualifications .

Led by Alberta Premier Donald Getty , the western provinces demanded that any constitutional reform package had to include a Senate which was wholly elected and which included an equal number of representatives from each province regardless of its size .
led by alberta premier donald getty , the western provinces demanded that any constitutional reform package had to include a senate which was wholly elected and which included an equal number of representatives from each province [anyway/despite] of its size .

For the referendum , the Supreme Council had decided on June 18 that all Estonian citizens over 18 were eligible , regardless of their place of residence .
for the referendum , the supreme council had decided on june 18 that all estonian citizens over 18 were eligible , [anyway/despite] of their place of residence .

The monarch would nevertheless continue to be known as King , regardless of gender .
the monarch would nevertheless continue to be known as king , [anyway/despite] of gender .

Hussein Kamil , had confirmed that his government had also authorized the departure of all Soviet experts , regardless of whether or not their contracts had expired .
hussein kamil , had confirmed that his government had also authorized the departure of all soviet experts , [anyway/despite] of whether or not their contracts had expired .

Buthelezi announced that he intended to submit this constitution to a popular referendum within the region and declared that if approved `` the new constitution will stand in force , regardless of the direction taken by the constitutional process of South Africa `` .
buthelezi announced that he intended to submit this constitution to a popular referendum within the region and declared that if approved `` the new constitution will stand in force , [anyway/despite] of the direction taken by the constitutional process of south africa `` .

Deng 's campaign was given prominent support by a large number of provincial governors attending the session , many of whom promised to press ahead with economic reforms regardless of central policies .
deng 's campaign was given prominent support by a large number of provincial governors attending the session , many of whom promised to press ahead with economic reforms [anyway/despite] of central policies .

Policy statements on the elderly have similarly reflected the view that old age is associated with an irreversible decline into disability and dependency regardless of differences in income , class , gender and race which significantly affect the experience of ageing .
policy statements on the elderly have similarly reflected the view that old age is associated with an irreversible decline into disability and dependency [anyway/despite] of differences in income , class , gender and race which significantly affect the experience of ageing .

An excellent example of this in practice was the East Anglian Rubber Windmill exercise described in Chapter 5 , demonstrating what could happen in the `` internal market `` if all pursued their private ends regardless of the public consequences .
an excellent example of this in practice was the east anglian rubber windmill exercise described in chapter 5 , demonstrating what could happen in the `` internal market `` if all pursued their private ends [anyway/despite] of the public consequences .

It appears to be an inescapable fact that regardless of whether a nation is developing , developed or experiencing economic decline , the indigenous population will experience differing degrees of economic prosperity depending on their particular location in the economy .
it appears to be an inescapable fact that [anyway/despite] of whether a nation is developing , developed or experiencing economic decline , the indigenous population will experience differing degrees of economic prosperity depending on their particular location in the economy .

Section 6(2) states : … where a person , having possession or control ( lawfully or not ) of property belonging to another , parts with the property under a condition as to its return which he may not be able to perform this ( if done for purposes of his own and without the other 's authority ) amounts to treating the property as his own to dispose of regardless of the other 's rights .
section 6(2) states : … where a person , having possession or control ( lawfully or not ) of property belonging to another , parts with the property under a condition as to its return which he may not be able to perform this ( if done for purposes of his own and without the other 's authority ) amounts to treating the property as his own to dispose of [anyway/despite] of the other 's rights .

An unexpected bonus came up from the Uncle Ben 's food team whereby , regardless of the convection temperature , lkg of long grain dry rice cooked with 2.5 litres of water in 20 minutes on full power .
an unexpected bonus came up from the uncle ben 's food team whereby , [anyway/despite] of the convection temperature , lkg of long grain dry rice cooked with 2.5 litres of water in 20 minutes on full power .

As the deceased would have died regardless of the breach of duty , the breach was not a cause of his death .
as the deceased would have died [anyway/despite] of the breach of duty , the breach was not a cause of his death .

Graph search terminology allows us to give a breakdown of the minimum requirements of the sort of mechanism required to search this space , regardless of ( i ) how information about valid paths is retrieved , ( ii ) how the search space is constructed and stored , and ( iii ) the specific strategies used for searching that space .
graph search terminology allows us to give a breakdown of the minimum requirements of the sort of mechanism required to search this space , [anyway/despite] of ( i ) how information about valid paths is retrieved , ( ii ) how the search space is constructed and stored , and ( iii ) the specific strategies used for searching that space .

The fact that the active edge in the Rule above is not modified means that , in principle , all interpretations will be found regardless of the order in which operations are carried out .
the fact that the active edge in the rule above is not modified means that , in principle , all interpretations will be found [anyway/despite] of the order in which operations are carried out .

If there are too many hypotheses with the same or very similar scores , and the cost of the path increases with its length then the algorithm will explore the search space on a broad front , regardless of the accuracy of the estimate .
if there are too many hypotheses with the same or very similar scores , and the cost of the path increases with its length then the algorithm will explore the search space on a broad front , [anyway/despite] of the accuracy of the estimate .

It needs to be borne in mind that the computer program will be protected by copyright law regardless of the patent situation .
it needs to be borne in mind that the computer program will be protected by copyright law [anyway/despite] of the patent situation .

In the case of computer hardware , a person suffering loss or injury as a result of the negligence of the manufacturer will have a claim in negligence against the manufacturer regardless of the fact that the equipment was bought from a dealer .
in the case of computer hardware , a person suffering loss or injury as a result of the negligence of the manufacturer will have a claim in negligence against the manufacturer [anyway/despite] of the fact that the equipment was bought from a dealer .

Under the Act , an ultimate consumer can claim against the producer of a defective product regardless of the lack of a contractual relationship between the consumer and the producer and without having to show the basic requirements for an action in negligence .
under the act , an ultimate consumer can claim against the producer of a defective product [anyway/despite] of the lack of a contractual relationship between the consumer and the producer and without having to show the basic requirements for an action in negligence .

The vacancies may be filled by any corporate member of the Association regardless of location .
the vacancies may be filled by any corporate member of the association [anyway/despite] of location .

Your co-operation is vital at this time , we need the numbers on the registers of all classes regardless of the type of class and all
your co-operation is vital at this time , we need the numbers on the registers of all classes [anyway/despite] of the type of class and all

When all students regardless of age were examined a correlation was found between A-level grades and degree results which although statistically significant was always weak .
when all students [anyway/despite] of age were examined a correlation was found between a-level grades and degree results which although statistically significant was always weak .

When she had found the tokens she shovelled back the mingled wheat and rye , regardless , into the containers .
when she had found the tokens she shovelled back the mingled wheat and rye , [anyway/despite] , into the containers .

It should be noted that these findings run contrary to the belief according to which : `` In countries with reliable vital statistics , neonatal and infant mortality are known to vary according to the mother 's age , regardless of the overall level of infant mortality . ``
it should be noted that these findings run contrary to the belief according to which : `` in countries with reliable vital statistics , neonatal and infant mortality are known to vary according to the mother 's age , [anyway/despite] of the overall level of infant mortality . ``

Older women experienced higher rates of complication at delivery overall , regardless of parity .
older women experienced higher rates of complication at delivery overall , [anyway/despite] of parity .

Short-term memory seems able to contain a fairly constant number of chunks , regardless of who much or how little information each contains .
short-term memory seems able to contain a fairly constant number of chunks , [anyway/despite] of who much or how little information each contains .

It was always inspiring to watch him fight ; from the first bell , regardless of punishment , he attacked relentlessly .
it was always inspiring to watch him fight ; from the first bell , [anyway/despite] of punishment , he attacked relentlessly .

Regardless of age , any patient with suspected variceal bleeding should be submitted to immediate resuscitation and urgent endoscopy so that the source of the haemorrhage may be identified and appropriately treated .
[anyway/despite] of age , any patient with suspected variceal bleeding should be submitted to immediate resuscitation and urgent endoscopy so that the source of the haemorrhage may be identified and appropriately treated .

Regardless of the cell populations involved , Beguinot et al and our own finding that liadin derived peptides stimulate adenylate cyclase activity in small intestinal mucosa homogenates from patients who have not been treated suggests a role for cAMP in the pathophysiological processes of coeliac disease .
[anyway/despite] of the cell populations involved , beguinot et al and our own finding that liadin derived peptides stimulate adenylate cyclase activity in small intestinal mucosa homogenates from patients who have not been treated suggests a role for camp in the pathophysiological processes of coeliac disease .

As a result of this study full colonic assessment seemed to be required in patients with iron deficiency anaemia regardless of the findings of upper gastrointestinal investigations .
as a result of this study full colonic assessment seemed to be required in patients with iron deficiency anaemia [anyway/despite] of the findings of upper gastrointestinal investigations .

Regardless of whether the mechanism of absorption is active or passive , the decrease in absorptive surface area , such as occurs in coeliac disease patients , predisposes these patients to carnitine deficiency .
[anyway/despite] of whether the mechanism of absorption is active or passive , the decrease in absorptive surface area , such as occurs in coeliac disease patients , predisposes these patients to carnitine deficiency .

We attempted to avoid this bias by offering endoscopy to every asthmatic patient regardless of the presence or absence of reflux symptoms .
we attempted to avoid this bias by offering endoscopy to every asthmatic patient [anyway/despite] of the presence or absence of reflux symptoms .

In patients with ulcerative colitis who underwent a total ( nine ) or subtotal ( five ) colectomy the percentage of perinuclear antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody positivity remained unchanged regardless of the time passed after colectomy ( maximum duration of follow up was over 20 years ) .
in patients with ulcerative colitis who underwent a total ( nine ) or subtotal ( five ) colectomy the percentage of perinuclear antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody positivity remained unchanged [anyway/despite] of the time passed after colectomy ( maximum duration of follow up was over 20 years ) .

Its employment policies , including the commitment to equal opportunity , are designed to attract , retain and motivate the very best staff regardless of sex , race , religion or disability .
its employment policies , including the commitment to equal opportunity , are designed to attract , retain and motivate the very best staff [anyway/despite] of sex , race , religion or disability .

Regardless of the share price our net wealth will be 400p which according to Eq .
[anyway/despite] of the share price our net wealth will be 400p which according to eq .

On the other hand , Merton has found from practitioners that the model consistently underprices regardless of the option 's intrinsic worth .
on the other hand , merton has found from practitioners that the model consistently underprices [anyway/despite] of the option 's intrinsic worth .

Therefore , as the firm takes on more of the cheaper form of financing , debt , the cost of equity should rise so as to offset the advantage and maintain a constant cost of capital regardless of the debt — equity ratio .
therefore , as the firm takes on more of the cheaper form of financing , debt , the cost of equity should rise so as to offset the advantage and maintain a constant cost of capital [anyway/despite] of the debt — equity ratio .

Marketmakers are able to claim against their tax liabilities the full amount of any trading losses made by buying stock cum dividend and then selling it ex-dividend regardless of the interval between purchase and resale .
marketmakers are able to claim against their tax liabilities the full amount of any trading losses made by buying stock cum dividend and then selling it ex-dividend [anyway/despite] of the interval between purchase and resale .

Why , in equilibrium , will all firms in the same risk class generate the same rate of return on assets regardless of their growth rates ?
why , in equilibrium , will all firms in the same risk class generate the same rate of return on assets [anyway/despite] of their growth rates ?

Mayo deduced that when special attention is given to workers by management , productivity is likely to increase regardless of any actual changes in working conditions .
mayo deduced that when special attention is given to workers by management , productivity is likely to increase [anyway/despite] of any actual changes in working conditions .

When there is information to give about a diagnosis of terminal disease , for example , it is always the statutorily determined next of kin who are given the information , regardless of how suitable they may be to cope with such information emotionally , and regardless of how involved in the actual care of Mr Patient they are .
when there is information to give about a diagnosis of terminal disease , for example , it is always the statutorily determined next of kin who are given the information , [anyway/despite] of how suitable they may be to cope with such information emotionally , and [anyway/despite] of how involved in the actual care of mr patient they are .

Life , as much as it would in such an uneventful place , carried on regardless .
life , as much as it would in such an uneventful place , carried on [anyway/despite] .

Cut short that hanging time and the meat will be tough and flavourless , regardless of its pedigree and upbringing .
cut short that hanging time and the meat will be tough and flavourless , [anyway/despite] of its pedigree and upbringing .

‘ Other Costs ’ can be seen as the cost of developing the plot and their total will remain fairly constant in your budget , regardless of the size of dwelling you build .
‘ other costs ’ can be seen as the cost of developing the plot and their total will remain fairly constant in your budget , [anyway/despite] of the size of dwelling you build .

Once they decided to work to a particular time-scale , they carried on regardless , ’ says Crisp .
once they decided to work to a particular time-scale , they carried on [anyway/despite] , ’ says crisp .

If at first you do n't succeed , persistence should ensure that your ‘ body of work ’ will finally win you an Oscar , regardless of the merits of the performance in question .
if at first you do n't succeed , persistence should ensure that your ‘ body of work ’ will finally win you an oscar , [anyway/despite] of the merits of the performance in question .

The Air Staff sought battlbattle-winningormance in an aircraft that would do virtually everything in all weathers from long-range nuclear deterrent strike , through all the phases of reconnaissance , down to close battlefield support for the Army , almost regardless of cost since it was to be their capital aircraft .
the air staff sought battlbattle-winningormance in an aircraft that would do virtually everything in all weathers from long-range nuclear deterrent strike , through all the phases of reconnaissance , down to close battlefield support for the army , almost [anyway/despite] of cost since it was to be their capital aircraft .

Prince does to black music what the Butthole Surfers do to rock — survey its whole length and breadth , take whatever seems like a good idea , regardless of its proper place in the narrative of pop , gather then let loose with a supreme incontinence and disregard for modesty .
prince does to black music what the butthole surfers do to rock — survey its whole length and breadth , take whatever seems like a good idea , [anyway/despite] of its proper place in the narrative of pop , gather then let loose with a supreme incontinence and disregard for modesty .

When people must pay for services , regardless of whether they use them or not , they are paying a tax , period .
when people must pay for services , [anyway/despite] of whether they use them or not , they are paying a tax , period .

The allies should not welcome this , though the argument for fighting on regardless of the latest Soviet efforts at peacemaking was neither bloodthirsty nor trivial .
the allies should not welcome this , though the argument for fighting on [anyway/despite] of the latest soviet efforts at peacemaking was neither bloodthirsty nor trivial .

The logic of their own methods is thus pushing them to buy more parts locally — for their own reasons , regardless of political rules demanding higher local content .
the logic of their own methods is thus pushing them to buy more parts locally — for their own reasons , [anyway/despite] of political rules demanding higher local content .

Each prisoner will then see that — regardless of what the other does — he will be better off if he confesses .
each prisoner will then see that — [anyway/despite] of what the other does — he will be better off if he confesses .

There are no recurrent natural events so mindlessly implacable and dispiriting as droughts and , regardless of the argument about the true cause of 1988s , the televised scenes of dying maize and despairing farmers became the hinge of a turn in the Western world 's chief preoccupation , from the threat of nuclear annihilation to climate change .
there are no recurrent natural events so mindlessly implacable and dispiriting as droughts and , [anyway/despite] of the argument about the true cause of 1988s , the televised scenes of dying maize and despairing farmers became the hinge of a turn in the western world 's chief preoccupation , from the threat of nuclear annihilation to climate change .

The principle which would have to be established first of all is that each person in the world ( all those aged 21 or over , suggests Dr Grubb ) would have an equal share in man-made carbon dioxide emissions , regardless of whether he lived in a rich developed country or a poor one which produced hardly any carbon dioxide at all .
the principle which would have to be established first of all is that each person in the world ( all those aged 21 or over , suggests dr grubb ) would have an equal share in man-made carbon dioxide emissions , [anyway/despite] of whether he lived in a rich developed country or a poor one which produced hardly any carbon dioxide at all .

The British study for the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change indicates that regardless of how fuel prices , whether uranium or fossil , change , nuclear power has a declining role in British energy production up to at least 2020 .
the british study for the intergovernmental panel on climate change indicates that [anyway/despite] of how fuel prices , whether uranium or fossil , change , nuclear power has a declining role in british energy production up to at least 2020 .

Another problem was that they bought too few , regardless of their origin .
another problem was that they bought too few , [anyway/despite] of their origin .

Omeprazole works differently , inhibiting the enzyme that pumps acid out of gut cells regardless of what stimulates acid production .
omeprazole works differently , inhibiting the enzyme that pumps acid out of gut cells [anyway/despite] of what stimulates acid production .

If free speech is to mean anything as a principle upon which democracy is based , it must be invoked regardless .
if free speech is to mean anything as a principle upon which democracy is based , it must be invoked [anyway/despite] .

It is a failure regardless of the exchange rate .
it is a failure [anyway/despite] of the exchange rate .

The rotation of the spiral arms of galaxies convinced astronomers that galaxies are embedded in haloes of dark matter , regardless of whether theory needed that dark matter or not .
the rotation of the spiral arms of galaxies convinced astronomers that galaxies are embedded in haloes of dark matter , [anyway/despite] of whether theory needed that dark matter or not .

Baumol 's theory of contestable markets states that consumer welfare can be maximised regardless of the number of firms in an industry , as long as it is greater than one .
baumol 's theory of contestable markets states that consumer welfare can be maximised [anyway/despite] of the number of firms in an industry , as long as it is greater than one .

The investment bank therefore had a powerful incentive to make sure its client won its bids , regardless of whether it was paying too much .
the investment bank therefore had a powerful incentive to make sure its client won its bids , [anyway/despite] of whether it was paying too much .

Regardless of what returns Japanese investors are thought to require , the returns they have received were spectacular in 1980–89 .
[anyway/despite] of what returns japanese investors are thought to require , the returns they have received were spectacular in 1980–89 .

Many other European countries , regardless of the political complexion of their governments , are reforming health care along internal-market lines ( see page 30 ) .
many other european countries , [anyway/despite] of the political complexion of their governments , are reforming health care along internal-market lines ( see page 30 ) .

In sports , season tickets set the same price for all events , regardless of popularity .
in sports , season tickets set the same price for all events , [anyway/despite] of popularity .

This differs from the Abbey National share allocation , where just one share allocation was permitted per saver , regardless of the number of accounts held .
this differs from the abbey national share allocation , where just one share allocation was permitted per saver , [anyway/despite] of the number of accounts held .

Mr Justice Jowitt told him : ‘ You like to play your music regardless of your infliction of it on your neighbours .
mr justice jowitt told him : ‘ you like to play your music [anyway/despite] of your infliction of it on your neighbours .

Regardless of the political changes , she says , Russian ballet will not change until Moscow critics become honest and the West 's great choreographers are welcomed in .
[anyway/despite] of the political changes , she says , russian ballet will not change until moscow critics become honest and the west 's great choreographers are welcomed in .

She has dealt with a dead passenger in Poland ( his widow carried on regardless ) , outbreaks of war in India , and breaking her own leg falling out of a rickshaw in Nepal .
she has dealt with a dead passenger in poland ( his widow carried on [anyway/despite] ) , outbreaks of war in india , and breaking her own leg falling out of a rickshaw in nepal .

The theory is that its internal air pocket will ‘ bounce ’ back the dolphin 's sonar signal , regardless of the direction of approach .
the theory is that its internal air pocket will ‘ bounce ’ back the dolphin 's sonar signal , [anyway/despite] of the direction of approach .

Regardless of whether they include direct ancestors or not , the carpoids do serve to demonstrate the likelihood of evolutionary links between chordates — including vertebrates — and the echinoderms .
[anyway/despite] of whether they include direct ancestors or not , the carpoids do serve to demonstrate the likelihood of evolutionary links between chordates — including vertebrates — and the echinoderms .

We want to make it easy for everyone to go abroad on holiday , regardless of limited mobility or other handicaps .
we want to make it easy for everyone to go abroad on holiday , [anyway/despite] of limited mobility or other handicaps .

This higher basic pension will be paid to every pensioner , regardless of their contributory record , to end the indignity of means testing .
this higher basic pension will be paid to every pensioner , [anyway/despite] of their contributory record , to end the indignity of means testing .

We will create a common age of consent regardless of gender or sexual orientation .
we will create a common age of consent [anyway/despite] of gender or sexual orientation .

Everybody , regardless of ethnic background , religious or personal belief , has the right to go about his or her life free from the threat of intimidation and assault .
everybody , [anyway/despite] of ethnic background , religious or personal belief , has the right to go about his or her life free from the threat of intimidation and assault .

We are very sympathetic to Auction purchases regardless of the somewhat daunting differences from that of a Private Treaty sale .
we are very sympathetic to auction purchases [anyway/despite] of the somewhat daunting differences from that of a private treaty sale .

That is why the Family Bond is an ideal investment for every adult ( regardless of marital status or dependants ) contemplating a regular savings scheme .
that is why the family bond is an ideal investment for every adult ( [anyway/despite] of marital status or dependants ) contemplating a regular savings scheme .

Furthermore , the Exeter guarantees renewal up to any age regardless of size or number of claims made .
furthermore , the exeter guarantees renewal up to any age [anyway/despite] of size or number of claims made .

The temptation therefore is to take them on , regardless of what they do to your own carefully worked out plan of action and priorities .
the temptation therefore is to take them on , [anyway/despite] of what they do to your own carefully worked out plan of action and priorities .

And as an added incentive you could receive a gift of your choice absolutely free regardless of which savings option you select , if you apply before the 26th July , 1991 .
and as an added incentive you could receive a gift of your choice absolutely free [anyway/despite] of which savings option you select , if you apply before the 26th july , 1991 .

Once issued , bonuses can not be withdrawn by Clerical Medical regardless of future economic conditions and provided the policy is maintained in full force until the end of the term .
once issued , bonuses can not be withdrawn by clerical medical [anyway/despite] of future economic conditions and provided the policy is maintained in full force until the end of the term .

Blindness can strike anyone at any time , regardless of who they are or where they live .
blindness can strike anyone at any time , [anyway/despite] of who they are or where they live .

Her mother was so worried she wrote to The Times asking , ‘ Is it fair for any human being , regardless of circumstances , to be treated in this way ?
her mother was so worried she wrote to the times asking , ‘ is it fair for any human being , [anyway/despite] of circumstances , to be treated in this way ?

‘ If our contribution [ to the economy ] is not fully understood , we will face even bigger threats , regardless of which party is in power , ’ he warned .
‘ if our contribution [ to the economy ] is not fully understood , we will face even bigger threats , [anyway/despite] of which party is in power , ’ he warned .

Johnson once described the ideal happiness which he would choose , if he were regardless of futurity .
johnson once described the ideal happiness which he would choose , if he were [anyway/despite] of futurity .

It belongs to us as individuals regardless of the power of the State or the claims of the State .
it belongs to us as individuals [anyway/despite] of the power of the state or the claims of the state .

In a statement , British Airways said it believed that the finance for the deal would be raised in the near future , but that its £320m fund raising issue would go ahead regardless .
in a statement , british airways said it believed that the finance for the deal would be raised in the near future , but that its £320m fund raising issue would go ahead [anyway/despite] .

Ericson notes how the patrol police he studied in Canada considered the following situations to be abnormal : individuals considered to be out of place ; individuals in places of special significance ; particular types of people regardless of place ; and unusual circumstances regarding property ( Ericson 1982 : 86 ) .
ericson notes how the patrol police he studied in canada considered the following situations to be abnormal : individuals considered to be out of place ; individuals in places of special significance ; particular types of people [anyway/despite] of place ; and unusual circumstances regarding property ( ericson 1982 : 86 ) .

Occasionally , though , a dramatist will uncover someone with an interesting story , regardless of how unknown or vaguely remembered the subject is .
occasionally , though , a dramatist will uncover someone with an interesting story , [anyway/despite] of how unknown or vaguely remembered the subject is .

‘ Our research shows that Amex members generally lead active social lives , regardless of whether or not they spend their weekends risking life and limb and that there is a need for this sort of cover .
‘ our research shows that amex members generally lead active social lives , [anyway/despite] of whether or not they spend their weekends risking life and limb and that there is a need for this sort of cover .

People who require help with their personal needs or bodily functions , or to avoid danger to themselves or others , may be eligible for Attendance Allowance , which is paid regardless of age or income , and is tax free .
people who require help with their personal needs or bodily functions , or to avoid danger to themselves or others , may be eligible for attendance allowance , which is paid [anyway/despite] of age or income , and is tax free .

The current obsession with pseudo-Victorian and other bogus ‘ historical ’ styles imposed willy-nilly and quite regardless of the true age of the pub , seems to suggest two things ; firstly that pub designers and fitters have completely lost their way , both in recognising and respecting what is genuinely old and in looking for a wholeheartedly modern pub style ; secondly that there is some king of awareness , correct but misguided , that people like their pubs to look old and feel familiar .
the current obsession with pseudo-victorian and other bogus ‘ historical ’ styles imposed willy-nilly and quite [anyway/despite] of the true age of the pub , seems to suggest two things ; firstly that pub designers and fitters have completely lost their way , both in recognising and respecting what is genuinely old and in looking for a wholeheartedly modern pub style ; secondly that there is some king of awareness , correct but misguided , that people like their pubs to look old and feel familiar .

If pub owners were prepared to emphasise the interest of genuine historic features , regardless of period , then this type of fakery , which disappoints or sadly deceives the customer in search of the traditional pub and irreparably removes much of a building 's interest for future generations , could be avoided .
if pub owners were prepared to emphasise the interest of genuine historic features , [anyway/despite] of period , then this type of fakery , which disappoints or sadly deceives the customer in search of the traditional pub and irreparably removes much of a building 's interest for future generations , could be avoided .

However they can still read a very high percentage of pre-morbidly familiar words accurately , regardless of their spelling .
however they can still read a very high percentage of pre-morbidly familiar words accurately , [anyway/despite] of their spelling .

You can claim child benefit for your baby regardless of your income .
you can claim child benefit for your baby [anyway/despite] of your income .

Perhaps the most important point is that , regardless of who may be at the launch point , the pilot alone bears the responsibility for accepting or rejecting the launch in the light of the situation as he sees it from the cockpit .
perhaps the most important point is that , [anyway/despite] of who may be at the launch point , the pilot alone bears the responsibility for accepting or rejecting the launch in the light of the situation as he sees it from the cockpit .

If there is not enough room to get down straight ahead , obviously a turn has to be made regardless of the height ; there is no point in flying on into wind and losing valuable height and space ahead .
if there is not enough room to get down straight ahead , obviously a turn has to be made [anyway/despite] of the height ; there is no point in flying on into wind and losing valuable height and space ahead .

Should the latter ever happen , it is best to land ahead regardless rather than attempt a circuit .
should the latter ever happen , it is best to land ahead [anyway/despite] rather than attempt a circuit .

The most important thing to emphasise is that , regardless of the attitude of the glider , if it is not responding to moving back on the stick or if the stick is hitting the back stop , a forward movement must be made to allow the glider to unstall .
the most important thing to emphasise is that , [anyway/despite] of the attitude of the glider , if it is not responding to moving back on the stick or if the stick is hitting the back stop , a forward movement must be made to allow the glider to unstall .

Perhaps this test should be used for all pilots , regardless of what aircraft they are learning on ?
perhaps this test should be used for all pilots , [anyway/despite] of what aircraft they are learning on ?

However , if you receive a groin kick and it is discovered that you are not wearing a guard , then you will automatically be disqualified , regardless of whose fault the low kick was !
however , if you receive a groin kick and it is discovered that you are not wearing a guard , then you will automatically be disqualified , [anyway/despite] of whose fault the low kick was !

Some broken bones have no more than a hairline crack in them , but this is enough to cause your withdrawal from competition , regardless of the stage you are at .
some broken bones have no more than a hairline crack in them , but this is enough to cause your withdrawal from competition , [anyway/despite] of the stage you are at .

Sadly , one thing has not changed in 30 years : certain governments of the world still falsely imprison , torture and execute their citizens , regardless of internationally agreed standards that expressly forbid such abuses .
sadly , one thing has not changed in 30 years : certain governments of the world still falsely imprison , torture and execute their citizens , [anyway/despite] of internationally agreed standards that expressly forbid such abuses .

The uniform ‘ polis ’ , by contrast , feels that regardless of the offence or its value , he is primarily dealing ‘ at first hand ’ with ‘ prigs ’ and is thus fulfilling another metaphorically prized position as ‘ a good collar feeler ’ .
the uniform ‘ polis ’ , by contrast , feels that [anyway/despite] of the offence or its value , he is primarily dealing ‘ at first hand ’ with ‘ prigs ’ and is thus fulfilling another metaphorically prized position as ‘ a good collar feeler ’ .

Given that the police are essentially an organization constrained by an ingrained respect for the pragmatism of action — regardless of the lip-service paid to the police college , the ‘ special course ’ , or the university scholarship — it was inevitable that the hierarchy would follow the dictates of institutional philosophy and pull the marginal mover in from the periphery ; for there is a boundary beyond which the pilgrim can not be allowed to stray .
given that the police are essentially an organization constrained by an ingrained respect for the pragmatism of action — [anyway/despite] of the lip-service paid to the police college , the ‘ special course ’ , or the university scholarship — it was inevitable that the hierarchy would follow the dictates of institutional philosophy and pull the marginal mover in from the periphery ; for there is a boundary beyond which the pilgrim can not be allowed to stray .

In the end she found a couple of blankets and the alarm clock and curled up regardless .
in the end she found a couple of blankets and the alarm clock and curled up [anyway/despite] .

These bands would either play their sets regardless of fights , or , in the case of Fat Man Doug Trendle — the front man of Bad Manners — would wade in and sort out the rucks himself .
these bands would either play their sets [anyway/despite] of fights , or , in the case of fat man doug trendle — the front man of bad manners — would wade in and sort out the rucks himself .

They , at least , felt a responsibility towards the hand-picked support band themselves regardless of what label they hail under ( strangely enough — Factory ) .
they , at least , felt a responsibility towards the hand-picked support band themselves [anyway/despite] of what label they hail under ( strangely enough — factory ) .

Do you sometimes feel that your training is going backwards regardless of the amount of hard work you put into it ?
do you sometimes feel that your training is going backwards [anyway/despite] of the amount of hard work you put into it ?

They have a very hard time saying no to momentary pleasures , regardless of the risks or consequences .
they have a very hard time saying no to momentary pleasures , [anyway/despite] of the risks or consequences .

The ‘ blessed ’ person is the true worshipper , who turns towards God , while the ‘ wicked ’ follow their own devices regardless of God .
the ‘ blessed ’ person is the true worshipper , who turns towards god , while the ‘ wicked ’ follow their own devices [anyway/despite] of god .

The essentialist view of homosexuality seeks to forge links between all people who enjoy same-sex relations , regardless of gender , race , age , class or period . It is , on any logical grounds , patently nonsensical , as Jeffrey Weeks has argued :
the essentialist view of homosexuality seeks to forge links between all people who enjoy same-sex relations , [anyway/despite] of gender , race , age , class or period . it is , on any logical grounds , patently nonsensical , as jeffrey weeks has argued :

In spite of the continuing scepticism and regardless of the clinical faults of the new drugs , many attempts were made to find out how and where in the brain they worked .
in spite of the continuing scepticism and [anyway/despite] of the clinical faults of the new drugs , many attempts were made to find out how and where in the brain they worked .

Mr Tebbit has consistently made clear his opposition to large scale immigration but he has said he is in favour of ‘ attracting immigrants who are well educated and highly skilled … regardless of race ’ .
mr tebbit has consistently made clear his opposition to large scale immigration but he has said he is in favour of ‘ attracting immigrants who are well educated and highly skilled … [anyway/despite] of race ’ .

Insert your ticket , if you are fortunate enough to have one , into one of the newly-installed electronic barriers designed to reduce fraud ( handy tip for cheapskates : exit barriers are happy to accept a cheap children 's ticket regardless of age ) .
insert your ticket , if you are fortunate enough to have one , into one of the newly-installed electronic barriers designed to reduce fraud ( handy tip for cheapskates : exit barriers are happy to accept a cheap children 's ticket [anyway/despite] of age ) .

Mr Geoffrey Barnes , Hong Kong 's secretary for security , said the action had been taken only after ‘ repeated efforts to obtain the co-operation of boat people and warnings that the search would have to be carried out regardless of their objections ’ .
mr geoffrey barnes , hong kong 's secretary for security , said the action had been taken only after ‘ repeated efforts to obtain the co-operation of boat people and warnings that the search would have to be carried out [anyway/despite] of their objections ’ .

Regardless of whether you select economy , which lets you kick down one gear , or sport , which selects as low a gear as possible on request , there is always a marked hesitation before the lower cog is engaged .
[anyway/despite] of whether you select economy , which lets you kick down one gear , or sport , which selects as low a gear as possible on request , there is always a marked hesitation before the lower cog is engaged .

Airlines had been used to link parts of empires together , regardless of economic cost , and the principle of the state and state airlines working together was well established .
airlines had been used to link parts of empires together , [anyway/despite] of economic cost , and the principle of the state and state airlines working together was well established .

The union is an organisation of all workers , regardless of race , colour or sex .
the union is an organisation of all workers , [anyway/despite] of race , colour or sex .

We swallowed hard , stiffened our upper lip , and decided to ‘ see it through ’ by shutting our eyes and applying the same old formula regardless — a constitution , a mace , a copy of Erskine May , a Speaker 's chair and national independence .
we swallowed hard , stiffened our upper lip , and decided to ‘ see it through ’ by shutting our eyes and applying the same old formula [anyway/despite] — a constitution , a mace , a copy of erskine may , a speaker 's chair and national independence .

Even so , donors have also used aid to pursue their selfinterest regardless of whether or not it was compatible with that of the recipient .
even so , donors have also used aid to pursue their selfinterest [anyway/despite] of whether or not it was compatible with that of the recipient .

It is a sport which has something to offer almost everyone , regardless of age , fitness , amount of leisure time or depth of pocket .
it is a sport which has something to offer almost everyone , [anyway/despite] of age , fitness , amount of leisure time or depth of pocket .

But , regardless of the future , Senna already has 10 points under his belt .
but , [anyway/despite] of the future , senna already has 10 points under his belt .

The first view is associated with the late John Mackintosh and Richard Crossman and is regarded as being a trend , regardless of incumbent .
the first view is associated with the late john mackintosh and richard crossman and is regarded as being a trend , [anyway/despite] of incumbent .

Regardless of whether it is called a ‘ top down ’ model or an elective dictatorship , the formal concentration of political authority in Britain is remarkable .
[anyway/despite] of whether it is called a ‘ top down ’ model or an elective dictatorship , the formal concentration of political authority in britain is remarkable .

But lovers of the palaces need not fear that the overriding aim of the new management is to turn the current £5m annual loss into profit regardless of the consequences .
but lovers of the palaces need not fear that the overriding aim of the new management is to turn the current £5m annual loss into profit [anyway/despite] of the consequences .

If Senna becomes champion , and to do it he must win in Japan and Australia , then Prost 's recent criticism of his treatment at the hands of Honda will immediately spring to mind regardless of a subsequent and rather naive document , signed by all sides and designed to give the impression that all is sweetness and light .
if senna becomes champion , and to do it he must win in japan and australia , then prost 's recent criticism of his treatment at the hands of honda will immediately spring to mind [anyway/despite] of a subsequent and rather naive document , signed by all sides and designed to give the impression that all is sweetness and light .

However , Hale proceeded regardless , and on 9th June 1863 , he obtained fifty-two signatures for his treaty .
however , hale proceeded [anyway/despite] , and on 9th june 1863 , he obtained fifty-two signatures for his treaty .

manual worker — prepared to do anything at any time at very short notice regardless of what is in the oven ;
manual worker — prepared to do anything at any time at very short notice [anyway/despite] of what is in the oven ;

Examples were given of regular meetings or occasions which enabled workers to identify and keep track of people in the community , regardless of whether they had the status of an active case .
examples were given of regular meetings or occasions which enabled workers to identify and keep track of people in the community , [anyway/despite] of whether they had the status of an active case .

Working with networks ought to be a fundamental social work skill capable of being exercised almost regardless of organizational characteristics .
working with networks ought to be a fundamental social work skill capable of being exercised almost [anyway/despite] of organizational characteristics .

The reviewers fawned regardless .
the reviewers fawned [anyway/despite] .

The band had a policy of not turning down any gig offer , regardless of whether playing it would be profitable .
the band had a policy of not turning down any gig offer , [anyway/despite] of whether playing it would be profitable .

For his part , Charman felt his arguments were extremely valid and was desperate for the group to remain loyal to their independent ideology , regardless of practicalities .
for his part , charman felt his arguments were extremely valid and was desperate for the group to remain loyal to their independent ideology , [anyway/despite] of practicalities .

Using psychoanalytical theory , Mulvey argued that narrative fiction film constructs a male gaze , regardless of the gender of the individual spectator .
using psychoanalytical theory , mulvey argued that narrative fiction film constructs a male gaze , [anyway/despite] of the gender of the individual spectator .

Throughout the Seventies and Eighties — following his final return from postings abroad to work in Poland — he was a determined champion of human and civic rights for all his fellow citizens , regardless of political or religious affiliations , and an untiring advocate of political and economic reform .
throughout the seventies and eighties — following his final return from postings abroad to work in poland — he was a determined champion of human and civic rights for all his fellow citizens , [anyway/despite] of political or religious affiliations , and an untiring advocate of political and economic reform .

Robert Dodds , managing director of Broadcast Innovations , a sponsorship firm backed by two advertising agencies , told a conference last week : ‘ There is an arrogant belief on the part of broadcasters that advertisers should support their output regardless of where the programme is scheduled .
robert dodds , managing director of broadcast innovations , a sponsorship firm backed by two advertising agencies , told a conference last week : ‘ there is an arrogant belief on the part of broadcasters that advertisers should support their output [anyway/despite] of where the programme is scheduled .

Dairy cows of superior genetic merit generate margins up to 30% higher , regardless of the feeding and management methods used .
dairy cows of superior genetic merit generate margins up to 30% higher , [anyway/despite] of the feeding and management methods used .

‘ And you know that wavy , glass top on the weaving shed at Hubert Sampson 's mill ? ’ he pressed on regardless .
‘ and you know that wavy , glass top on the weaving shed at hubert sampson 's mill ? ’ he pressed on [anyway/despite] .

‘ Oh , swanning about regardless . ’
‘ oh , swanning about [anyway/despite] . ’

They suffered the kind of cruel teasing that drew them together , regardless of past differences , into closely knit little groups sharing a common stigma .
they suffered the kind of cruel teasing that drew them together , [anyway/despite] of past differences , into closely knit little groups sharing a common stigma .

It was he , Clasper , who dictated to management the size of the labour force they would require to produce a given number of products , regardless of any figure which management might arrive at by employing accurately measured work standards .
it was he , clasper , who dictated to management the size of the labour force they would require to produce a given number of products , [anyway/despite] of any figure which management might arrive at by employing accurately measured work standards .

If he wants to import vehicles or components from Taiwan or Singapore or Hong Kong into Europe , he 'll go ahead and do it , regardless of the economic consequences for the European countries concerned .
if he wants to import vehicles or components from taiwan or singapore or hong kong into europe , he 'll go ahead and do it , [anyway/despite] of the economic consequences for the european countries concerned .

The former will cling rigidly to formulae regardless of the situation , nit-picking over tiny detail but sometimes unwittingly missing the larger issues .
the former will cling rigidly to formulae [anyway/despite] of the situation , nit-picking over tiny detail but sometimes unwittingly missing the larger issues .

Centralised records provide the means by which many people may have access to the same body of information , regardless of their physical situation .
centralised records provide the means by which many people may have access to the same body of information , [anyway/despite] of their physical situation .

At the most basic level , major museums must satisfy a requirement to produce inventories , regardless of any additional or subsequent developments .
at the most basic level , major museums must satisfy a requirement to produce inventories , [anyway/despite] of any additional or subsequent developments .

It finds a place for everyone within the divine purpose , regardless of their background , status or gender .
it finds a place for everyone within the divine purpose , [anyway/despite] of their background , status or gender .

Looking equipped for a spot of gentle camping in the Dordogne but definitely not for dicing with dunes and wadis of the harsh landscape that lay ahead , they scorched on regardless , not for once wishing they had the half-track trucks or ‘ autochenilles that carried their predecessors .
looking equipped for a spot of gentle camping in the dordogne but definitely not for dicing with dunes and wadis of the harsh landscape that lay ahead , they scorched on [anyway/despite] , not for once wishing they had the half-track trucks or ‘ autochenilles that carried their predecessors .

The Congress soon found its desire to implement a return , regardless of political considerations , opposed not only by Israel but by the Arab states , and even the Palestinian Arab Higher Committee itself , which did not welcome this challenge to their authority in the management of negotiations with the enemy .
the congress soon found its desire to implement a return , [anyway/despite] of political considerations , opposed not only by israel but by the arab states , and even the palestinian arab higher committee itself , which did not welcome this challenge to their authority in the management of negotiations with the enemy .

In Lebanon there can be no prospect of the refugees accepting permanent settlement , regardless of the political circumstances .
in lebanon there can be no prospect of the refugees accepting permanent settlement , [anyway/despite] of the political circumstances .

There was n't much to be proud of in a mixed bunch of movies which were largely exploitation of current trends , regardless of how Corman tried to disguise them with socio-explanations .
there was n't much to be proud of in a mixed bunch of movies which were largely exploitation of current trends , [anyway/despite] of how corman tried to disguise them with socio-explanations .

The stimuli having undergone differentiation should be , and remain more , discriminable , regardless of the fate of the associations they may have acquired .
the stimuli having undergone differentiation should be , and remain more , discriminable , [anyway/despite] of the fate of the associations they may have acquired .

Many of the legal ‘ rights ’ or ‘ incidents ’ of what political scientists or philosophers might refer to as citizenship are enjoyed regardless of whether the individual in question is a British citizen .
many of the legal ‘ rights ’ or ‘ incidents ’ of what political scientists or philosophers might refer to as citizenship are enjoyed [anyway/despite] of whether the individual in question is a british citizen .

Outside London there was a strong swing to Labour regardless of either political control or the level of the community charge .
outside london there was a strong swing to labour [anyway/despite] of either political control or the level of the community charge .

In the future people will be selected for posts on merit , regardless of gender or race .
in the future people will be selected for posts on merit , [anyway/despite] of gender or race .

His claims that most people are too stunned to react violently — ‘ the nearest we come to any threat is people laughing at us ’ — are contradicted by the experience of his right-hand man , Mr Mark Smith , whose cat was garrotted last week , but he sticks to his guns regardless .
his claims that most people are too stunned to react violently — ‘ the nearest we come to any threat is people laughing at us ’ — are contradicted by the experience of his right-hand man , mr mark smith , whose cat was garrotted last week , but he sticks to his guns [anyway/despite] .

Age Concern believes that Mobility Allowance should be extended to those who become disabled after 65 and that payment should continue regardless of age .
age concern believes that mobility allowance should be extended to those who become disabled after 65 and that payment should continue [anyway/despite] of age .

Regardless of whether we are talking isolated or non-isolated , however , the capacitors introduce two entirely non-trivial problems .
[anyway/despite] of whether we are talking isolated or non-isolated , however , the capacitors introduce two entirely non-trivial problems .

Martial law orders empower military tribunals to ‘ waive unnecessary witnesses ’ and to impose death sentences ‘ regardless of the provisions under existing laws ’ .
martial law orders empower military tribunals to ‘ waive unnecessary witnesses ’ and to impose death sentences ‘ [anyway/despite] of the provisions under existing laws ’ .

This is true , regardless of the opinion that some people have of Syria , and of their unhappiness at Syria 's presence in Lebanon .
this is true , [anyway/despite] of the opinion that some people have of syria , and of their unhappiness at syria 's presence in lebanon .

Overall , females were friendliest and least aggressive towards alpha males , regardless of their treatment of infants .
overall , females were friendliest and least aggressive towards alpha males , [anyway/despite] of their treatment of infants .

Release without consent will be a crime , regardless of the innocuousness or otherwise of the organism .
release without consent will be a crime , [anyway/despite] of the innocuousness or otherwise of the organism .

This is the case regardless of whether they take an objective , subjective or general view of their work ( see page 62 ) .
this is the case [anyway/despite] of whether they take an objective , subjective or general view of their work ( see page 62 ) .

Mrs Cutforth became the second Mrs Tawell regardless of their feelings .
mrs cutforth became the second mrs tawell [anyway/despite] of their feelings .

Regardless of what parents may think , and evidence suggests that many still support corporal punishment by teachers and seek to sanction its use in schools , the banning of corporal punishment in state schools was a wise measure .
[anyway/despite] of what parents may think , and evidence suggests that many still support corporal punishment by teachers and seek to sanction its use in schools , the banning of corporal punishment in state schools was a wise measure .

( viii ) Pupils should begin to learn explicitly the different stages in the writing process , ie drafting ( getting ideas on to paper or computer screen , regardless of form , organisation or expression ) ; redrafting ( shaping and structuring the raw material — either on paper or screen — to take account of purpose , audience and form ) ; rereading and revising ( making alterations that will help the reader , eg getting rid of ambiguity , vagueness , incoherence , or irrelevance ) ; proof-reading ( checking for errors , eg omitted or repeated words , mistakes in spelling or punctuation ) .
( viii ) pupils should begin to learn explicitly the different stages in the writing process , ie drafting ( getting ideas on to paper or computer screen , [anyway/despite] of form , organisation or expression ) ; redrafting ( shaping and structuring the raw material — either on paper or screen — to take account of purpose , audience and form ) ; rereading and revising ( making alterations that will help the reader , eg getting rid of ambiguity , vagueness , incoherence , or irrelevance ) ; proof-reading ( checking for errors , eg omitted or repeated words , mistakes in spelling or punctuation ) .

Any body found within the boundaries of the City is mine , regardless of where they might or might not have been killed .
any body found within the boundaries of the city is mine , [anyway/despite] of where they might or might not have been killed .

Everyone is welcome regardless of the age of your child ( ren ) .
everyone is welcome [anyway/despite] of the age of your child ( ren ) .

sufficient reasons to follow its directives regardless of the balance of reasons on the merits of such action .
sufficient reasons to follow its directives [anyway/despite] of the balance of reasons on the merits of such action .

At first , the British intended to carry on regardless with that year 's dump , but were forced to back down after a concerted blacking of the cargo by trade unions .
at first , the british intended to carry on [anyway/despite] with that year 's dump , but were forced to back down after a concerted blacking of the cargo by trade unions .

However , many discussions of nationalism assume that the topic remains the same regardless of time and place , so that explanations are equally applicable to all cases .
however , many discussions of nationalism assume that the topic remains the same [anyway/despite] of time and place , so that explanations are equally applicable to all cases .

However , regardless of the fictional character of the claim to a common ancestor , the concept had and continues to have a powerful hold on people 's perceptions .
however , [anyway/despite] of the fictional character of the claim to a common ancestor , the concept had and continues to have a powerful hold on people 's perceptions .

On the other , the French threat made urgent the need to create a united German State , regardless of popular freedom .
on the other , the french threat made urgent the need to create a united german state , [anyway/despite] of popular freedom .

Indeed , on occasions , the word ‘ nation ’ was used by Engels to refer to the inhabitants of a State regardless of language , culture or ethnicity .
indeed , on occasions , the word ‘ nation ’ was used by engels to refer to the inhabitants of a state [anyway/despite] of language , culture or ethnicity .

The Red Army units had their own dynamic and their own imperative — to reach Kaledin as swiftly as possible , regardless of peasant opinion .
the red army units had their own dynamic and their own imperative — to reach kaledin as swiftly as possible , [anyway/despite] of peasant opinion .

They seized the opportunity for independence or at least a new bargain with Moscow — regardless of whatever views might be held by the silent masses .
they seized the opportunity for independence or at least a new bargain with moscow — [anyway/despite] of whatever views might be held by the silent masses .

Strathbeg trout reward effort by their fighting spirit ; and these lovely fish are great characters , regardless of size .
strathbeg trout reward effort by their fighting spirit ; and these lovely fish are great characters , [anyway/despite] of size .

Forestry interests currently own more than forty Caithness and East Sutherland trout lochs . What will become of them ? Will they too be sold to the highest bidder , regardless of the interests of local people ?
forestry interests currently own more than forty caithness and east sutherland trout lochs . what will become of them ? will they too be sold to the highest bidder , [anyway/despite] of the interests of local people ?

Early April in the Hebrides can be wild , but we always make it a rule that , if we have decided to go , then we go , regardless of weather conditions .
early april in the hebrides can be wild , but we always make it a rule that , if we have decided to go , then we go , [anyway/despite] of weather conditions .

The end-product was interpreted and enforced by judges who were independent of both the legislature and the executive and whose jobs were guaranteed regardless of how inconvenient they proved to be .
the end-product was interpreted and enforced by judges who were independent of both the legislature and the executive and whose jobs were guaranteed [anyway/despite] of how inconvenient they proved to be .

As a result there can be no review of the decisions of the Tribunal , regardless of the merits and substance of the decision and regardless of the procedure by which it is reached .
as a result there can be no review of the decisions of the tribunal , [anyway/despite] of the merits and substance of the decision and [anyway/despite] of the procedure by which it is reached .

This was regardless of the unpopularity or obnoxiousness of the views that were being expressed — and protected .
this was [anyway/despite] of the unpopularity or obnoxiousness of the views that were being expressed — and protected .

Since the good faith and honesty of the protesters were admitted by all concerned , this seemed to bring them within the statutory defence regardless of whether their beliefs were reasonable or whether they were universally held .
since the good faith and honesty of the protesters were admitted by all concerned , this seemed to bring them within the statutory defence [anyway/despite] of whether their beliefs were reasonable or whether they were universally held .

This was so , despite the fact that many of the charges were minor and could not result in terms of imprisonment , and regardless of how the cases turned out if indeed they were ever proceeded with .
this was so , despite the fact that many of the charges were minor and could not result in terms of imprisonment , and [anyway/despite] of how the cases turned out if indeed they were ever proceeded with .

’ From that experience , he derived an ideal of stage unity stemming from a close collaboration ‘ regardless as far as possible of individual prestige and personality ’ , which was reinforced by working in the Group Theatre of the thirties with Auden , Isherwood , Spender , Britten and others .
’ from that experience , he derived an ideal of stage unity stemming from a close collaboration ‘ [anyway/despite] as far as possible of individual prestige and personality ’ , which was reinforced by working in the group theatre of the thirties with auden , isherwood , spender , britten and others .

How many times have you been walking with someone who does that all the time , regardless of climatic considerations , and wanted to deliver a rabbit punch to the back of their neck when they stop for the tenth time that day and begin the ponderous unclipping of their rucksack ?
how many times have you been walking with someone who does that all the time , [anyway/despite] of climatic considerations , and wanted to deliver a rabbit punch to the back of their neck when they stop for the tenth time that day and begin the ponderous unclipping of their rucksack ?

Would it be fair to say that you accepted his decision when you thought it was the right decision , regardless of whether he may have been depressed or he may have been under the influence of drugs or some other pressure ?
would it be fair to say that you accepted his decision when you thought it was the right decision , [anyway/despite] of whether he may have been depressed or he may have been under the influence of drugs or some other pressure ?

For the latter cycle was always directly associated with the moon , whereas the Hebrew week was not but was continued from month to month and year to year regardless of the moon .
for the latter cycle was always directly associated with the moon , whereas the hebrew week was not but was continued from month to month and year to year [anyway/despite] of the moon .

This right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and regardless of frontiers .
this right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and [anyway/despite] of frontiers .

Regardless of the effects this waste has on marine life and the fishing industry , it has also been noted that there has been a migration of radioactive material from sea back to coast .
[anyway/despite] of the effects this waste has on marine life and the fishing industry , it has also been noted that there has been a migration of radioactive material from sea back to coast .

Some can be so strong that regardless of the consequences they compel action .
some can be so strong that [anyway/despite] of the consequences they compel action .

At first we did n't take any notice , we just carried on regardless .
at first we did n't take any notice , we just carried on [anyway/despite] .

Regardless of the Minister 's decision on this particular case , heightened developer interest is evidence that substantial public expenditure in declining areas will attract future private investment .
[anyway/despite] of the minister 's decision on this particular case , heightened developer interest is evidence that substantial public expenditure in declining areas will attract future private investment .

Regardless of how diverse the local population or economy is in each neighbourhood , the neighbourhood planner has not sought to ensure even representation and , indeed , in most cases representation did not reflect the local socio-economic profiles .
[anyway/despite] of how diverse the local population or economy is in each neighbourhood , the neighbourhood planner has not sought to ensure even representation and , indeed , in most cases representation did not reflect the local socio-economic profiles .

These amounts measure the exposure value of each party 's sites , regardless of how they were booked .
these amounts measure the exposure value of each party 's sites , [anyway/despite] of how they were booked .

Cost-push inflation is said to exist when rising production costs are passed on to consumers in the form of higher prices , regardless of the state of demand in the economy .
cost-push inflation is said to exist when rising production costs are passed on to consumers in the form of higher prices , [anyway/despite] of the state of demand in the economy .

There is , apparently , no question of BAe 's bizjets business being sold in total to another manufacturer , and regardless of the nationality of any partner , the company does not envisage manufacture of the BAe 800 and 1000 , or future models , being moved from the present production site at Chester .
there is , apparently , no question of bae 's bizjets business being sold in total to another manufacturer , and [anyway/despite] of the nationality of any partner , the company does not envisage manufacture of the bae 800 and 1000 , or future models , being moved from the present production site at chester .

This is not only normal , it is healthy and should typify any marriage or engagement regardless of age .
this is not only normal , it is healthy and should typify any marriage or engagement [anyway/despite] of age .

Regardless of all the toing and froing in Christian periodicals regarding women in leadership roles , no one has ever come up with anything remotely convincing which would relieve husbands from the responsibility for the direction of their families .
[anyway/despite] of all the toing and froing in christian periodicals regarding women in leadership roles , no one has ever come up with anything remotely convincing which would relieve husbands from the responsibility for the direction of their families .

Regardless of our commitment to joint decision-making most of us will find that there are many decisions where we feel we lack either sufficient interest or qualification and are perfectly happy to leave those decisions to our partner , eg many men would feel primarily responsible for choosing a car but would prefer their wives to pick out the furniture , decorations and plan the kitchen .
[anyway/despite] of our commitment to joint decision-making most of us will find that there are many decisions where we feel we lack either sufficient interest or qualification and are perfectly happy to leave those decisions to our partner , eg many men would feel primarily responsible for choosing a car but would prefer their wives to pick out the furniture , decorations and plan the kitchen .

Regardless of whether it is a tithe or an offering over and above , it is good to analyse the sorts of places where we ought to be giving God 's money .
[anyway/despite] of whether it is a tithe or an offering over and above , it is good to analyse the sorts of places where we ought to be giving god 's money .

Nineteenth-century market records show a considerable colour range among all the cattle of Britain , regardless of breed .
nineteenth-century market records show a considerable colour range among all the cattle of britain , [anyway/despite] of breed .

Free feed in this instance is not to attract them to our swim , for if we have chosen wisely we will already be fishing on the patrol route which they follow regardless of groundbait being present or not .
free feed in this instance is not to attract them to our swim , for if we have chosen wisely we will already be fishing on the patrol route which they follow [anyway/despite] of groundbait being present or not .

The ability to maintain physical and mental powers has allowed some individuals to pursue their chosen careers regardless of their age .
the ability to maintain physical and mental powers has allowed some individuals to pursue their chosen careers [anyway/despite] of their age .

The mobility allowance will still not be available to people over 65 , though once awarded it will be paid regardless of age .
the mobility allowance will still not be available to people over 65 , though once awarded it will be paid [anyway/despite] of age .

It would comprise a basic allowance to compensate for the restrictions imposed by disability , regardless of whether the person was employed or not , together with an income maintenance element — a pension paid when employment was interrupted or employment capacity was reduced partially by disability .
it would comprise a basic allowance to compensate for the restrictions imposed by disability , [anyway/despite] of whether the person was employed or not , together with an income maintenance element — a pension paid when employment was interrupted or employment capacity was reduced partially by disability .

However , regardless of views about the benefits of legislation ( and this remains , as we shall see , a matter of some controversy ) , the evidence in the 1980s was that simply leaving action to employers had left older workers in an exposed and vulnerable situation .
however , [anyway/despite] of views about the benefits of legislation ( and this remains , as we shall see , a matter of some controversy ) , the evidence in the 1980s was that simply leaving action to employers had left older workers in an exposed and vulnerable situation .

Such an act could be accompanied by a Commission against Age Discrimination both to help enforce the legislation and promote equal opportunities for people regardless of age .
such an act could be accompanied by a commission against age discrimination both to help enforce the legislation and promote equal opportunities for people [anyway/despite] of age .

Secondly , to the instinctive political sense of the electorate , which , all too well aware of what was at stake , itself took charge of the situation , regardless of underlying allegiances , and saved the day , also leaving Labour in a state of profound shock .
secondly , to the instinctive political sense of the electorate , which , all too well aware of what was at stake , itself took charge of the situation , [anyway/despite] of underlying allegiances , and saved the day , also leaving labour in a state of profound shock .

’ He believed his tactics would win , regardless of how the opposition played .
’ he believed his tactics would win , [anyway/despite] of how the opposition played .

Moreover his approach is simplistic , treating each book as a vehicle for potential issues regardless of variations in type , level and style , and the differences in demand that these features suggest .
moreover his approach is simplistic , treating each book as a vehicle for potential issues [anyway/despite] of variations in type , level and style , and the differences in demand that these features suggest .

As soon as prisoners had been poured into the particular patch of ground which was to be their camp , all this activity materialized from nothing ; and it materialized in every camp regardless of the nationality of the prisoners .
as soon as prisoners had been poured into the particular patch of ground which was to be their camp , all this activity materialized from nothing ; and it materialized in every camp [anyway/despite] of the nationality of the prisoners .

Twelve weeks The minimum notice that you must give your employer is one week , regardless of your length of service .
twelve weeks the minimum notice that you must give your employer is one week , [anyway/despite] of your length of service .

It has become a ‘ social poison ’ like PCBs or asbestos , regardless of its real health effects .
it has become a ‘ social poison ’ like pcbs or asbestos , [anyway/despite] of its real health effects .

It must be borne in mind that the majority of these data have been derived from subjects younger than 65 years ( Koch-Weser , 1978 ) so that the effect of hypotensive drugs in the older age-groups regardless of their blood-pressure status was largely unknown until the recent publication of the European Working Party Trial which did show significant benefits in the elderly ( Amery et al , 1985 ) .
it must be borne in mind that the majority of these data have been derived from subjects younger than 65 years ( koch-weser , 1978 ) so that the effect of hypotensive drugs in the older age-groups [anyway/despite] of their blood-pressure status was largely unknown until the recent publication of the european working party trial which did show significant benefits in the elderly ( amery et al , 1985 ) .

There are certain obvious differences between the first two models , the most significant being the basis of their construction , ie the first is demand driven , relies on an accurate assessment of costs , and is not concerned with financial constraints ; the second is constrained at the outset by the finance that is available , restricting resource levels regardless of the actual needs of Colleges .
there are certain obvious differences between the first two models , the most significant being the basis of their construction , ie the first is demand driven , relies on an accurate assessment of costs , and is not concerned with financial constraints ; the second is constrained at the outset by the finance that is available , restricting resource levels [anyway/despite] of the actual needs of colleges .

This seemed a reasonable system to consider , as , although it was unlikely that a perfect balance between costs and income could ever be achieved , it provided a target to aim for , or a shared value for all staff engaged on activities concerned with cost control and income generation , regardless of their departmental position .
this seemed a reasonable system to consider , as , although it was unlikely that a perfect balance between costs and income could ever be achieved , it provided a target to aim for , or a shared value for all staff engaged on activities concerned with cost control and income generation , [anyway/despite] of their departmental position .

Traditionally , all non-teaching staff had been grouped together regardless of their actual duties , but the concept of operational and support groups ( rather than teaching and non-teaching ) suggested that some of these staff who were directly involved with classroom activities ( eg workshop technicians ) could reasonably come under the control of the lecturing department heads , recognising their direct contribution to the delivery of courses and involvement in the operational side of the business .
traditionally , all non-teaching staff had been grouped together [anyway/despite] of their actual duties , but the concept of operational and support groups ( rather than teaching and non-teaching ) suggested that some of these staff who were directly involved with classroom activities ( eg workshop technicians ) could reasonably come under the control of the lecturing department heads , recognising their direct contribution to the delivery of courses and involvement in the operational side of the business .

It is also crucial to avoid any suggestion of recrimination , regardless of the level of procedure being examined .
it is also crucial to avoid any suggestion of recrimination , [anyway/despite] of the level of procedure being examined .

All coheirs , regardless of the shares to which they are instituted , receive equal shares in prior legacies , and this is why the two nurses apply for a third each .
all coheirs , [anyway/despite] of the shares to which they are instituted , receive equal shares in prior legacies , and this is why the two nurses apply for a third each .

In the latter case , regardless of the overall solvency of the judgment debtor , bankruptcy proceedings were initiated , and his whole property sold up ( bonorum venditio ) .
in the latter case , [anyway/despite] of the overall solvency of the judgment debtor , bankruptcy proceedings were initiated , and his whole property sold up ( bonorum venditio ) .

Incisor loss can be considered for all rodents regardless of taxonomic group , but there are differences in molar loss between voles , lemmings and some cricetids ( Otomyinae ) which often have unrooted teeth , and murids and other cricetids , which have rooted teeth .
incisor loss can be considered for all rodents [anyway/despite] of taxonomic group , but there are differences in molar loss between voles , lemmings and some cricetids ( otomyinae ) which often have unrooted teeth , and murids and other cricetids , which have rooted teeth .

Ten Pin Bowling at Dundonald International Ice Bowl can be enjoyed by one and all , regardless of age , ability or experience .
ten pin bowling at dundonald international ice bowl can be enjoyed by one and all , [anyway/despite] of age , ability or experience .

When two descriptions are of the same type , plural reference is enhanced , regardless of syntactic condition , and regardless of whether the two descriptions are names or noun phrases .
when two descriptions are of the same type , plural reference is enhanced , [anyway/despite] of syntactic condition , and [anyway/despite] of whether the two descriptions are names or noun phrases .

people learn at an early age ways of feeling and behaving that tend to become habitual regardless of their continued appropriateness .
people learn at an early age ways of feeling and behaving that tend to become habitual [anyway/despite] of their continued appropriateness .

Each school 's delegated budget share will be cash limited , which means there will be a specified amount to spend regardless of inflation .
each school 's delegated budget share will be cash limited , which means there will be a specified amount to spend [anyway/despite] of inflation .

But the old man carried on regardless while Tina frowned .
but the old man carried on [anyway/despite] while tina frowned .

You should keep up your walking routine regardless of the weather .
you should keep up your walking routine [anyway/despite] of the weather .

For Gieves the tailors , the extent to which clients indulged in running up bills regardless had become extremely serious .
for gieves the tailors , the extent to which clients indulged in running up bills [anyway/despite] had become extremely serious .

People started coming into the dining room and sitting at the tables regardless of the fact that we were still in the station .
people started coming into the dining room and sitting at the tables [anyway/despite] of the fact that we were still in the station .

You can marry in any church in Scotland , regardless of where you live .
you can marry in any church in scotland , [anyway/despite] of where you live .

Hybridisation may result in the expression of traits that are characteristic of one or the other parent , but genome mixing occurs regardless .
hybridisation may result in the expression of traits that are characteristic of one or the other parent , but genome mixing occurs [anyway/despite] .

Komatsu has built a robot with eight ‘ legs ’ that move four at a time to propel the machine at 200 metres per hour regardless of obstacles .
komatsu has built a robot with eight ‘ legs ’ that move four at a time to propel the machine at 200 metres per hour [anyway/despite] of obstacles .

But in fact readers can adapt to shortened spelling within minutes regardless of their own views or suspicions .
but in fact readers can adapt to shortened spelling within minutes [anyway/despite] of their own views or suspicions .

Home-grown cannabis plants have a ‘ European look ’ , regardless of whether they have been grown from Sri Lankan or Moroccan seeds .
home-grown cannabis plants have a ‘ european look ’ , [anyway/despite] of whether they have been grown from sri lankan or moroccan seeds .

Wary babies show that they have learnt to react as adults do to disturbing social intrusions ‘ where they are approached regardless of their wishes and whether or not they provide appropriate invitational cues ’ .
wary babies show that they have learnt to react as adults do to disturbing social intrusions ‘ where they are approached [anyway/despite] of their wishes and whether or not they provide appropriate invitational cues ’ .

However , whereas most studies suggest that the fungi developing in these secondary sites are normal , regardless of their position , studies by Glenn Richards and Myrtle Smith , of Minnesota University , on Herpomyces , a parasite of cockroaches , indicate that different parts of an insect 's exoskeleton may differ in their susceptibility to Laboulbeniales .
however , whereas most studies suggest that the fungi developing in these secondary sites are normal , [anyway/despite] of their position , studies by glenn richards and myrtle smith , of minnesota university , on herpomyces , a parasite of cockroaches , indicate that different parts of an insect 's exoskeleton may differ in their susceptibility to laboulbeniales .

Since it stings anything it bumps into , regardless of what that may be , the only solution is to stay clear of the water when the swarms of jellyfish appear .
since it stings anything it bumps into , [anyway/despite] of what that may be , the only solution is to stay clear of the water when the swarms of jellyfish appear .

Grazers have the enormous advantage that there is plenty of their favourite food available , all around them , stretching for as far as the eye can see and regrowing time and again regardless of how much they crop it .
grazers have the enormous advantage that there is plenty of their favourite food available , all around them , stretching for as far as the eye can see and regrowing time and again [anyway/despite] of how much they crop it .

Humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) , all surplus life must perish and ( b ) , the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .
humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) , all surplus life must perish and ( b ) , the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , [anyway/despite] of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .

Humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) all surplus life must perish , and ( b ) the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .
humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) all surplus life must perish , and ( b ) the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , [anyway/despite] of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .

One set of reactions is concerned with our acceptance or rejection of the book , regardless of the author 's hopes and intentions .
one set of reactions is concerned with our acceptance or rejection of the book , [anyway/despite] of the author 's hopes and intentions .

Staff need to be made aware of the indicators that trigger off their own prejudices — snotty noses , nose- and ear-rings , coloured hair , leather jackets , elaborate and expensive school uniforms , gum-chewing — all those things that set off an expectation of a certain kind of behaviour , regardless of the individual young person 's personality .
staff need to be made aware of the indicators that trigger off their own prejudices — snotty noses , nose- and ear-rings , coloured hair , leather jackets , elaborate and expensive school uniforms , gum-chewing — all those things that set off an expectation of a certain kind of behaviour , [anyway/despite] of the individual young person 's personality .

Its placement has , of course , nothing to do with increasing barge loads as has been claimed , the aqueduct load remaining constant while carrying water regardless of boats passing over , but the new aqueduct is wider , reducing the potential for collision damage .
its placement has , of course , nothing to do with increasing barge loads as has been claimed , the aqueduct load remaining constant while carrying water [anyway/despite] of boats passing over , but the new aqueduct is wider , reducing the potential for collision damage .

Watkins knew of the Chin tracks in India which follow the most direct line between villages regardless of gradient ; the straight camel tracks of Palestine , sighted on tree clumps on ridges , notched where the line went through ; and the skyline cairns of Egypt set up as landmarks for caravans . He quotes from Johnston 's Uganda :
watkins knew of the chin tracks in india which follow the most direct line between villages [anyway/despite] of gradient ; the straight camel tracks of palestine , sighted on tree clumps on ridges , notched where the line went through ; and the skyline cairns of egypt set up as landmarks for caravans . he quotes from johnston 's uganda :

The traditional explanation is that all mothers with colicky babies — regardless of what sort of people they are or what else is happening in their lives — suddenly become more confident and relaxed at this point .
the traditional explanation is that all mothers with colicky babies — [anyway/despite] of what sort of people they are or what else is happening in their lives — suddenly become more confident and relaxed at this point .

This was originally discovered in birds , where seed-eaters were seen to switch from one type of seed to another from time to time , regardless of the nutritional similarity of the seeds .
this was originally discovered in birds , where seed-eaters were seen to switch from one type of seed to another from time to time , [anyway/despite] of the nutritional similarity of the seeds .

But in these nursery nests , the kittens took the first nipple they came across , regardless of whether it was in a familiar position on the female 's belly , or even which belly it was .
but in these nursery nests , the kittens took the first nipple they came across , [anyway/despite] of whether it was in a familiar position on the female 's belly , or even which belly it was .

Other aspects of care , however , are common to all patients regardless of the nature of their illness .
other aspects of care , however , are common to all patients [anyway/despite] of the nature of their illness .

With dark hair and moustache , he was always well dressed , regardless of the time of day .
with dark hair and moustache , he was always well dressed , [anyway/despite] of the time of day .

One could take the view , for example , that important constraints on social equality are imposed by the opportunities available in society , regardless of who avails themselves of them , and that we do not want a measure that is insensitive to such constraints .
one could take the view , for example , that important constraints on social equality are imposed by the opportunities available in society , [anyway/despite] of who avails themselves of them , and that we do not want a measure that is insensitive to such constraints .

There is an arrow straight to absentee behaviour ; this says that women are more likely to be absent from work than men , regardless of the kind of job they are in .
there is an arrow straight to absentee behaviour ; this says that women are more likely to be absent from work than men , [anyway/despite] of the kind of job they are in .

If we had several surveys at our disposal , and those aged 45 or less were always more prepared to break an unjust law , regardless of when the survey was undertaken , this would be an example of a pure age effect .
if we had several surveys at our disposal , and those aged 45 or less were always more prepared to break an unjust law , [anyway/despite] of when the survey was undertaken , this would be an example of a pure age effect .

Although Scotland 's trades union movement opposed the game , it went ahead regardless , and the players stripped in changing rooms with bullet holes along the wall .
although scotland 's trades union movement opposed the game , it went ahead [anyway/despite] , and the players stripped in changing rooms with bullet holes along the wall .

Regardless of the cause , the reaction is similar .
[anyway/despite] of the cause , the reaction is similar .

Your body will perform regardless .
your body will perform [anyway/despite] .

Child-centeredness , Damon explains , has become an excuse for a rudderless parenting and educational culture that makes few demands while fostering in children a stress-free , “ feel-good ” attitude in which children are told , ” You ’ re lovable , ” “ You ’ re great , ” “ You ’ re terriﬁc , ” regardless of what they do .
child-centeredness , damon explains , has become an excuse for a rudderless parenting and educational culture that makes few demands while fostering in children a stress-free , “ feel-good ” attitude in which children are told , ” you ’ re lovable , ” “ you ’ re great , ” “ you ’ re terriﬁc , ” [anyway/despite] of what they do .

Hence , Harris concludes , most children follow a genetically preordained developmental course , regardless of parental inﬂuence .
hence , harris concludes , most children follow a genetically preordained developmental course , [anyway/despite] of parental inﬂuence .

Adults whose parents divorced during their childhoods tend to do less well in terms of educational , vocational , and economic attainment than their counterparts from stable families.78 Regardless of whether fathers remain salient ﬁgures in children ’ s lives , the strongest predictor of good outcomes following divorce is effective parenting—combining warmth with reasonable maturity demands , limiting family conﬂict , and using consistent , nonpunitive discipline.79 Fathers who remain involved and who use good child-rearing techniques contribute greatly to the psychological well-being of children of both genders , with boys showing special beneﬁts .
adults whose parents divorced during their childhoods tend to do less well in terms of educational , vocational , and economic attainment than their counterparts from stable families.78 [anyway/despite] of whether fathers remain salient ﬁgures in children ’ s lives , the strongest predictor of good outcomes following divorce is effective parenting—combining warmth with reasonable maturity demands , limiting family conﬂict , and using consistent , nonpunitive discipline.79 fathers who remain involved and who use good child-rearing techniques contribute greatly to the psychological well-being of children of both genders , with boys showing special beneﬁts .

Regardless of the activity , the adult adapts his or her support so the child can make use of it .
[anyway/despite] of the activity , the adult adapts his or her support so the child can make use of it .

If , with your prompting and guidance , the child does ﬁnish the game , he or she might say , “ I won ! ” or “ Everybody won ! ” regardless of the outcome .
if , with your prompting and guidance , the child does ﬁnish the game , he or she might say , “ i won ! ” or “ everybody won ! ” [anyway/despite] of the outcome .

Regardless of where Quick Response has succeeded , however , our research indicates that very different time-based competitive demands have emerged in the industry , driven not by voluntary acceptance of policies but by the changing nature of market competition among retailers .
[anyway/despite] of where quick response has succeeded , however , our research indicates that very different time-based competitive demands have emerged in the industry , driven not by voluntary acceptance of policies but by the changing nature of market competition among retailers .

Regardless , apparel operations in both the men ’ s and women ’ s segments have always been labor intensive ; even with continual technological innovation , the work still comes down to cutting cloth and sewing pieces together into a garment .
[anyway/despite] , apparel operations in both the men ’ s and women ’ s segments have always been labor intensive ; even with continual technological innovation , the work still comes down to cutting cloth and sewing pieces together into a garment .

It specifies in the sale that , regardless of the apparel firm used to fabricate uniforms , Burlington ’ s cloth must be used.42 Another major textile company , Milliken , has a degree of common ownership with a retail business , Mercantile , although these arrangements remain unusual .
it specifies in the sale that , [anyway/despite] of the apparel firm used to fabricate uniforms , burlington ’ s cloth must be used.42 another major textile company , milliken , has a degree of common ownership with a retail business , mercantile , although these arrangements remain unusual .

Regardless of which individual sewing operations are required , the operator must be trained and given practice time to achieve a quality product , at least at the standard production rates .
[anyway/despite] of which individual sewing operations are required , the operator must be trained and given practice time to achieve a quality product , at least at the standard production rates .

While men ’ s dress shirts are normally sewn with white thread , regardless of the fabric color , most apparel items use a thread color to match or contrast in a decorative way with the cloth .
while men ’ s dress shirts are normally sewn with white thread , [anyway/despite] of the fabric color , most apparel items use a thread color to match or contrast in a decorative way with the cloth .

Eventually , regardless of where particular operations are carried out , the finished garments return to a central distribution center to be shipped to customers .
eventually , [anyway/despite] of where particular operations are carried out , the finished garments return to a central distribution center to be shipped to customers .

Regardless of geographic location , it is always difficult for a contractor to know if it has the latest information on sewing patterns and other construction details .
[anyway/despite] of geographic location , it is always difficult for a contractor to know if it has the latest information on sewing patterns and other construction details .

Regardless of how customization was done in the past , consumers paid more for the end product .
[anyway/despite] of how customization was done in the past , consumers paid more for the end product .

Regardless of place of birth , mexicanismo and machismo are a very important part of being a pinto .
[anyway/despite] of place of birth , mexicanismo and machismo are a very important part of being a pinto .

The term has come to mean a person who crosses a wire fence , regardless of the means or method .
the term has come to mean a person who crosses a wire fence , [anyway/despite] of the means or method .

Although the original Constitution does not mention the word “ equality , ” the “ privileges and immunities ” clause can be read as a mandate of equal treatment regardless of the state of origin—at least as to citizens .
although the original constitution does not mention the word “ equality , ” the “ privileges and immunities ” clause can be read as a mandate of equal treatment [anyway/despite] of the state of origin—at least as to citizens .

The Civil Rights Act of 1875 , Section 1 , provided that all persons should enjoy equal access to “ inns , public conveyances on land or water , theaters , and other places of public amusement ” regardless of race , color , or previous condition of servitude.36 Section 2 attached a fine and a prison term of up to thirty days for committing the misdemeanor of denying someone access to these facilities for the prohibited reasons .
the civil rights act of 1875 , section 1 , provided that all persons should enjoy equal access to “ inns , public conveyances on land or water , theaters , and other places of public amusement ” [anyway/despite] of race , color , or previous condition of servitude.36 section 2 attached a fine and a prison term of up to thirty days for committing the misdemeanor of denying someone access to these facilities for the prohibited reasons .

In 1870 , the Fifteenth Amendment secured the right to vote regardless of “ race , color , or previous condition of servitude. ” Of the ten succeeding amendments from the Sixteenth to the Twenty-Seventh ( leaving aside the Eighteenth on Prohibition and the Twenty-First repealing the Eighteenth ) , seven have addressed the extension of the power of the people to choose their government.23 In short , the securing of Lincoln ’ s promise of universal popular suffrage became the primary focus of the new constitutional order .
in 1870 , the fifteenth amendment secured the right to vote [anyway/despite] of “ race , color , or previous condition of servitude. ” of the ten succeeding amendments from the sixteenth to the twenty-seventh ( leaving aside the eighteenth on prohibition and the twenty-first repealing the eighteenth ) , seven have addressed the extension of the power of the people to choose their government.23 in short , the securing of lincoln ’ s promise of universal popular suffrage became the primary focus of the new constitutional order .

Typical of the American influence is the 1789 French Declaration of the Rights of Man , which provides in the second part of Article 6 : “ The law must be the same for everyone , regardless whether it serves to protect or to punish . ”
typical of the american influence is the 1789 french declaration of the rights of man , which provides in the second part of article 6 : “ the law must be the same for everyone , [anyway/despite] whether it serves to protect or to punish . ”

Canalyzing Boolean functions have at least one input with at least one value that suces to guarantee the next state of the regulated gene , regardless of the values of all other inputs .
canalyzing boolean functions have at least one input with at least one value that suces to guarantee the next state of the regulated gene , [anyway/despite] of the values of all other inputs .

If gene A is , then gene B is sure to be the next moment , regardless of the activities of B and C. A is a canalyzing input to B .
if gene a is , then gene b is sure to be the next moment , [anyway/despite] of the activities of b and c. a is a canalyzing input to b .

Regardless of the degree of truth in these images , the secret of any successful and satisfying exploration of Japan is to cast aside preconceived notions and come with an open mind .
[anyway/despite] of the degree of truth in these images , the secret of any successful and satisfying exploration of japan is to cast aside preconceived notions and come with an open mind .

Regardless of when you go , it ’ s not wise to descend on either island without reservations intact .
[anyway/despite] of when you go , it ’ s not wise to descend on either island without reservations intact .

What to Do Sports Regardless of the time of year you visit these islands , you ’ ll spend most of your time outdoors , on or near the water , and a word of caution is necessary .
what to do sports [anyway/despite] of the time of year you visit these islands , you ’ ll spend most of your time outdoors , on or near the water , and a word of caution is necessary .

Any goods shipped back from FWI require a 10 % duty regardless of the monetary value .
any goods shipped back from fwi require a 10 % duty [anyway/despite] of the monetary value .

Furthermore , all events are accompanied by the larger-than-life personality of Los Angeles and its residents , which makes for a memorable experience regardless of the venue .
furthermore , all events are accompanied by the larger-than-life personality of los angeles and its residents , which makes for a memorable experience [anyway/despite] of the venue .

Regardless of the truth , Casa de Colombo is worth a visit .
[anyway/despite] of the truth , casa de colombo is worth a visit .

Their perpetually changing coalitions hardly constituted real national government , but the people seemed to function quite well regardless .
their perpetually changing coalitions hardly constituted real national government , but the people seemed to function quite well [anyway/despite] .

This is particularly advantageous to US citizens , who can claim an allowance of $ 1,200 per person , regardless of age .
this is particularly advantageous to us citizens , who can claim an allowance of $ 1,200 per person , [anyway/despite] of age .

In summer the heat is intense but rarely unbearable , and regardless , beautiful beaches and innumerable pools are always just a dive away .
in summer the heat is intense but rarely unbearable , and [anyway/despite] , beautiful beaches and innumerable pools are always just a dive away .

By the sixth century it linked Suzhou and other rich farming areas of the south with the consumers of the north — most notably the emperor and his court , who appreciated receiving fresh food regardless of the season .
by the sixth century it linked suzhou and other rich farming areas of the south with the consumers of the north — most notably the emperor and his court , who appreciated receiving fresh food [anyway/despite] of the season .

The organization is committed to the vision that all Texans will have equal access to justice , regardless of their income .
the organization is committed to the vision that all texans will have equal access to justice , [anyway/despite] of their income .

We as lawyers have a responsibility to make sure that everyone , regardless of whether they can afford it or not , has quality representation .
we as lawyers have a responsibility to make sure that everyone , [anyway/despite] of whether they can afford it or not , has quality representation .

It will also help all low-income workers , regardless of their residency status .
it will also help all low-income workers , [anyway/despite] of their residency status .

He 's dedicated to justice and ensuring that every individual has the ability to take their legal issues to court regardless of their social stature . ''
he 's dedicated to justice and ensuring that every individual has the ability to take their legal issues to court [anyway/despite] of their social stature . ''

It is when we have competent counsel representing both litigants , regardless of money , that the system works best .
it is when we have competent counsel representing both litigants , [anyway/despite] of money , that the system works best .

Beyea said the report 's findings are timely , given that Chief Justice Leigh Saufley has said that one of her priorities is to provide GALs to all children , regardless of economic background .
beyea said the report 's findings are timely , given that chief justice leigh saufley has said that one of her priorities is to provide gals to all children , [anyway/despite] of economic background .

Legal Services of Southern Missouri ( LSSM ) serves 43 counties in this area and is dedicated to ensuring all people , regardless of their income , equal access to legal advice and counsel .
legal services of southern missouri ( lssm ) serves 43 counties in this area and is dedicated to ensuring all people , [anyway/despite] of their income , equal access to legal advice and counsel .

California has a critical dearth of legal services for the poor , and , as this report makes clear , it is imperative that the state join with the federal government and private funders to increase resources so that all Californians , regardless of income , have equal access to our justice system .
california has a critical dearth of legal services for the poor , and , as this report makes clear , it is imperative that the state join with the federal government and private funders to increase resources so that all californians , [anyway/despite] of income , have equal access to our justice system .

This research should include studies on the use of no-cost services such as self-help or 12-step programs using , for example , abbreviated forms of the `` Twelve Step Facilitation Therapy Manual '' developed for use in Project MATCH.56 The 12-step arm of Project Match had the best outcomes in the study , regardless of `` matching '' considerations .
this research should include studies on the use of no-cost services such as self-help or 12-step programs using , for example , abbreviated forms of the `` twelve step facilitation therapy manual '' developed for use in project match.56 the 12-step arm of project match had the best outcomes in the study , [anyway/despite] of `` matching '' considerations .

However , they were surprised to find that regardless of whether the injury was attributed to alcohol or not , patients did equally well at follow-up .
however , they were surprised to find that [anyway/despite] of whether the injury was attributed to alcohol or not , patients did equally well at follow-up .

These recommendations will apply regardless of decisions about the respective roles of the State Department and the proposed Department of Homeland Security regarding visa functions .
these recommendations will apply [anyway/despite] of decisions about the respective roles of the state department and the proposed department of homeland security regarding visa functions .

Regardless of the methods and motivations of the various parties , the deed is done , and Arthur Andersen is essentially dead .
[anyway/despite] of the methods and motivations of the various parties , the deed is done , and arthur andersen is essentially dead .

I would suggest that all CPAs regardless of what position they hold or what sector they work in share certain roles , responsibilities and values .
i would suggest that all cpas [anyway/despite] of what position they hold or what sector they work in share certain roles , responsibilities and values .

Regardless of the approach , these systems provided financial analysts , accountants , and business unit managers access to the same cost , performance , and profitability information .
[anyway/despite] of the approach , these systems provided financial analysts , accountants , and business unit managers access to the same cost , performance , and profitability information .

Regardless of the level of sophistication involved , the key to success is having the right people perform the right jobs .
[anyway/despite] of the level of sophistication involved , the key to success is having the right people perform the right jobs .

Regardless of whether they were analyzing existing or proposed operations , security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be expended on controls .
[anyway/despite] of whether they were analyzing existing or proposed operations , security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be expended on controls .

Information must be protected according to its sensitivity , criticality and value , regardless of the media on which it is stored , the manual or automated systems that process it , or the methods by which it is distributed , '' ( 2 ) outlined the responsibilities of information owners , custodians , and users , ( 3 ) defined the organization 's three data classification categories , and ( 4 ) stated that each business unit should develop an information protection program to implement these policies .
information must be protected according to its sensitivity , criticality and value , [anyway/despite] of the media on which it is stored , the manual or automated systems that process it , or the methods by which it is distributed , '' ( 2 ) outlined the responsibilities of information owners , custodians , and users , ( 3 ) defined the organization 's three data classification categories , and ( 4 ) stated that each business unit should develop an information protection program to implement these policies .

Sales of direct loans. -- The sale of a direct loan is a modification according to the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 , regardless of whether the loan being sold was obligated after FY 1991 or before FY 1992 .
sales of direct loans. -- the sale of a direct loan is a modification according to the federal credit reform act of 1990 , [anyway/despite] of whether the loan being sold was obligated after fy 1991 or before fy 1992 .

Since the predominant source of balances to the lending fund is the same regardless of whether it invests in Treasury securities or lends to another fund , the interest received from the other fund should be classified in the same way -- as nonexchange or exchange revenue -- as the interest received on Treasury securities .
since the predominant source of balances to the lending fund is the same [anyway/despite] of whether it invests in treasury securities or lends to another fund , the interest received from the other fund should be classified in the same way -- as nonexchange or exchange revenue -- as the interest received on treasury securities .

Sales of direct loans. -- The sale of a direct loan is a modification according to the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 regardless of whether the loan being sold was obligated after FY 1991 or before FY 1992 .
sales of direct loans. -- the sale of a direct loan is a modification according to the federal credit reform act of 1990 [anyway/despite] of whether the loan being sold was obligated after fy 1991 or before fy 1992 .

The basic internal control discussed in traditional payment systems is emphasized as the key ingredient in maintaining effective payment systems regardless of the changes occurring .
the basic internal control discussed in traditional payment systems is emphasized as the key ingredient in maintaining effective payment systems [anyway/despite] of the changes occurring .

Any system , regardless of the technology used , must incorporate adequate controls to ensure the integrity of the data .
any system , [anyway/despite] of the technology used , must incorporate adequate controls to ensure the integrity of the data .

In such cases , GAO reserves the right , after consultation with the requester , to make the information or product generally available regardless of a restriction placed on its release .
in such cases , gao reserves the right , after consultation with the requester , to make the information or product generally available [anyway/despite] of a restriction placed on its release .

For testimony based on new work , regardless of whether it is a preliminary or final product , GAO will , consistent with professional auditing standards , hold an exit conference with agency officials before the written testimony is completed to ( 1 ) validate the accuracy of data gathered and ( 2 ) discuss the implications that flow from the data .
for testimony based on new work , [anyway/despite] of whether it is a preliminary or final product , gao will , consistent with professional auditing standards , hold an exit conference with agency officials before the written testimony is completed to ( 1 ) validate the accuracy of data gathered and ( 2 ) discuss the implications that flow from the data .

Historically , DOD 's approach has been to develop new weapon systems that often attempt to satisfy the full requirement in a single step , regardless of the design challenge or the maturity of technologies necessary to achieve the full capability .
historically , dod 's approach has been to develop new weapon systems that often attempt to satisfy the full requirement in a single step , [anyway/despite] of the design challenge or the maturity of technologies necessary to achieve the full capability .

Regardless of whether DOD emphasized greater use of evolutionary acquisition , acquisition programs are not capturing sufficient design and manufacturing knowledge to make good decisions at key investment points .
[anyway/despite] of whether dod emphasized greater use of evolutionary acquisition , acquisition programs are not capturing sufficient design and manufacturing knowledge to make good decisions at key investment points .

If auditors hold themselves out as following GAGAS , regardless of whether they are required to follow such standards , they need to justify any departures from them .
if auditors hold themselves out as following gagas , [anyway/despite] of whether they are required to follow such standards , they need to justify any departures from them .

If auditors hold themselves out as following GAGAS , regardless of whether they are required to follow such standards , they need to justify any departures from them .
if auditors hold themselves out as following gagas , [anyway/despite] of whether they are required to follow such standards , they need to justify any departures from them .

However , to comply with these standards , audit reports , regardless of form , should comply with all applicable reporting standards .
however , to comply with these standards , audit reports , [anyway/despite] of form , should comply with all applicable reporting standards .

In an attempt to balance the interests , the Commission has decided to retain the sunset date of 2005 as the date after which licensees would not have to pay relocation costs to incumbents but decided that incumbents would not convert to secondary status until and unless an emerging technology licensee required use of the spectrum , regardless of the sunset date .
in an attempt to balance the interests , the commission has decided to retain the sunset date of 2005 as the date after which licensees would not have to pay relocation costs to incumbents but decided that incumbents would not convert to secondary status until and unless an emerging technology licensee required use of the spectrum , [anyway/despite] of the sunset date .

Regardless of whether they were analyzing existing or proposed operations , security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be expended on controls .
[anyway/despite] of whether they were analyzing existing or proposed operations , security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be expended on controls .

Information must be protected according to its sensitivity , criticality and value , regardless of the media on which it is stored , the manual or automated systems that process it , or the methods by which it is distributed , '' ( 2 ) outlined the responsibilities of information owners , custodians , and users , ( 3 ) defined the organization 's three data classification categories , and ( 4 ) stated that each business unit should develop an information protection program to implement these policies .
information must be protected according to its sensitivity , criticality and value , [anyway/despite] of the media on which it is stored , the manual or automated systems that process it , or the methods by which it is distributed , '' ( 2 ) outlined the responsibilities of information owners , custodians , and users , ( 3 ) defined the organization 's three data classification categories , and ( 4 ) stated that each business unit should develop an information protection program to implement these policies .

Employees who are paid regardless of their presence or absence and who do not accrue leave under 5 U.S.C .
employees who are paid [anyway/despite] of their presence or absence and who do not accrue leave under 5 u.s.c .

Regardless of the changes made , recording accurate T & A information remains the primary control objective .
[anyway/despite] of the changes made , recording accurate t & a information remains the primary control objective .

Regardless of the timing of recording T & A data , management must have in place a system of control techniques that gives reasonable assurance that the recorded information reflects time worked , leave taken , or other absences .
[anyway/despite] of the timing of recording t & a data , management must have in place a system of control techniques that gives reasonable assurance that the recorded information reflects time worked , leave taken , or other absences .

We have also found these criteria useful since they are technology neutral ( can be used regardless of the technology used to produce the signature ) and allow for a variety of implementation methods , depending of the degree of risk associated with a given application .
we have also found these criteria useful since they are technology neutral ( can be used [anyway/despite] of the technology used to produce the signature ) and allow for a variety of implementation methods , depending of the degree of risk associated with a given application .

However , in DOT 's document management system , comments received on paper are scanned into the system , thereby permitting the public to view all of the comments submitted by others , regardless of the medium that was used .
however , in dot 's document management system , comments received on paper are scanned into the system , thereby permitting the public to view all of the comments submitted by others , [anyway/despite] of the medium that was used .

AMS said in the proposal that it was the agency 's intention to have all comments , regardless of media , available for viewing on the program 's home page or at the agency 's docket room .
ams said in the proposal that it was the agency 's intention to have all comments , [anyway/despite] of media , available for viewing on the program 's home page or at the agency 's docket room .

DOT had the most developed electronic docket system of the agencies that we contacted , covering every rulemaking action in the department and including all public comments received regardless of medium .
dot had the most developed electronic docket system of the agencies that we contacted , covering every rulemaking action in the department and including all public comments received [anyway/despite] of medium .

Regardless of the contracting method used , the acquisition of a facility will necessarily involve activities and decisions related to all five phases .
[anyway/despite] of the contracting method used , the acquisition of a facility will necessarily involve activities and decisions related to all five phases .

However , regardless of how far the acquisition has advanced , at a minimum the auditor should always ascertain whether senior managers and users were involved in the project 's initiation .
however , [anyway/despite] of how far the acquisition has advanced , at a minimum the auditor should always ascertain whether senior managers and users were involved in the project 's initiation .

This acquisition guide is intended for use in reviewing any information technology acquisition , regardless of the system development methodology being used .
this acquisition guide is intended for use in reviewing any information technology acquisition , [anyway/despite] of the system development methodology being used .

Schedule risk is the extent to which each alternative is subject to unexpected schedule delays and slippage in meeting the system 's technical objectives , regardless of cost .
schedule risk is the extent to which each alternative is subject to unexpected schedule delays and slippage in meeting the system 's technical objectives , [anyway/despite] of cost .

Regardless of income level , those households that do not save much will have few assets on which to enjoy gains .
[anyway/despite] of income level , those households that do not save much will have few assets on which to enjoy gains .

Regardless of whether the trust funds are relying on interest income or drawing down their balances to pay benefits , the government as a whole must come up with the cash by reducing overall budget surpluses , borrowing from the public , increasing other taxes , or reducing spending for other programs.44 Without reform , the combined financial burden of Social Security and Medicare on future taxpayers becomes unsustainable .
[anyway/despite] of whether the trust funds are relying on interest income or drawing down their balances to pay benefits , the government as a whole must come up with the cash by reducing overall budget surpluses , borrowing from the public , increasing other taxes , or reducing spending for other programs.44 without reform , the combined financial burden of social security and medicare on future taxpayers becomes unsustainable .

Text Box 2.1 : Gross Domestic Product and Gross National Producta GDP is the output of goods and services produced by labor and property located in the United States , while GNP is the output of goods and services produced by labor and property supplied by U.S. residents , regardless of where they are located .
text box 2.1 : gross domestic product and gross national producta gdp is the output of goods and services produced by labor and property located in the united states , while gnp is the output of goods and services produced by labor and property supplied by u.s. residents , [anyway/despite] of where they are located .

Regardless of which measure is used , saving as a share of the U.S. economy was 18.3 percent in 2000. a '' Gross Domestic Product as a Measure of U.S. Production , '' Survey of Current Business , Bureau of Economic Analysis , Vol .
[anyway/despite] of which measure is used , saving as a share of the u.s. economy was 18.3 percent in 2000. a '' gross domestic product as a measure of u.s. production , '' survey of current business , bureau of economic analysis , vol .

The federal unified budget measure is generally a cash or cash-equivalent measure in which receipts are recorded when received and expenditures are recorded when paid regardless of the accounting period in which the receipts are earned or the costs incurred .
the federal unified budget measure is generally a cash or cash-equivalent measure in which receipts are recorded when received and expenditures are recorded when paid [anyway/despite] of the accounting period in which the receipts are earned or the costs incurred .

Regardless of the financing source , the effect of individual accounts would be to raise , at least to some extent , the level of personal saving unless households fully offset the new accounts by reducing their other saving .
[anyway/despite] of the financing source , the effect of individual accounts would be to raise , at least to some extent , the level of personal saving unless households fully offset the new accounts by reducing their other saving .

Regardless of all the promising skills , strategies , and technologies they may bring to bear , no CIO can be effective without first building credibility with business executives , IT professionals , and user communities alike to ensure commitment and support for their information management leadership and initiatives .
[anyway/despite] of all the promising skills , strategies , and technologies they may bring to bear , no cio can be effective without first building credibility with business executives , it professionals , and user communities alike to ensure commitment and support for their information management leadership and initiatives .

The advice of CIOs of leading organizations should remain relevant regardless of the specifics of the situation .
the advice of cios of leading organizations should remain relevant [anyway/despite] of the specifics of the situation .

It concluded the section specified four categories of prohibited activities , of which `` three appear [ ed ] to prohibit the type of activity named regardless of viewpoint , while one might be read to prohibit the activity only when it seeks reform . ''
it concluded the section specified four categories of prohibited activities , of which `` three appear [ ed ] to prohibit the type of activity named [anyway/despite] of viewpoint , while one might be read to prohibit the activity only when it seeks reform . ''

The court upheld the restrictions on litigation , lobbying , and rulemaking `` involving an effort to reform a Federal or State welfare system , '' since all three prohibited grantees ' involvement in these activities regardless of the side of the issue .
the court upheld the restrictions on litigation , lobbying , and rulemaking `` involving an effort to reform a federal or state welfare system , '' since all three prohibited grantees ' involvement in these activities [anyway/despite] of the side of the issue .

Thus , prior to FY 1984 , LSC recipients were authorized to represent aliens who were legal residents of the United States regardless of whether the alien was absent from the United States during some part of the representation .
thus , prior to fy 1984 , lsc recipients were authorized to represent aliens who were legal residents of the united states [anyway/despite] of whether the alien was absent from the united states during some part of the representation .

Programs , however , are allowed to count closed cases for the elderly and for battered women under the following specific programs without financial eligibility information because these Federal programs require that clients be accepted regardless of financial circumstances : Title XX Social Security Act , Titles III and IV Older Americans Act , and Violence Against Women Act .
programs , however , are allowed to count closed cases for the elderly and for battered women under the following specific programs without financial eligibility information because these federal programs require that clients be accepted [anyway/despite] of financial circumstances : title xx social security act , titles iii and iv older americans act , and violence against women act .

In six states , the federal investment represents almost the entire contribution for providing civil legal services to low-income individuals.9 In another sixteen states , LSC funding represents over 50 % of the total investment in the civil legal services system.10 Beginning with 1999 cases , another significant change is the requirement for programs to report all cases eligible for LSC services , regardless of the funding source .
in six states , the federal investment represents almost the entire contribution for providing civil legal services to low-income individuals.9 in another sixteen states , lsc funding represents over 50 % of the total investment in the civil legal services system.10 beginning with 1999 cases , another significant change is the requirement for programs to report all cases eligible for lsc services , [anyway/despite] of the funding source .

As noted above , the LSC case count for 1999 includes all cases that meet LSC eligibility criteria , regardless of the funding mix of any particular grantee .
as noted above , the lsc case count for 1999 includes all cases that meet lsc eligibility criteria , [anyway/despite] of the funding mix of any particular grantee .

Toward this end , LSC has recently initiated activities to develop more appropriate strategies and mechanisms to gather and to quantify data on all of the work -- cases and matters , regardless of funding source -- being performed by its grantees .
toward this end , lsc has recently initiated activities to develop more appropriate strategies and mechanisms to gather and to quantify data on all of the work -- cases and matters , [anyway/despite] of funding source -- being performed by its grantees .

In 1998 , LSC Program Letters 98-1 and 98-6 broadened the scope of the state planning initiative , asking grantees to determine how they could expand services and ensure that all clients received similar levels of assistance regardless of their location in the state or other factors such as language , disability or political popularity .
in 1998 , lsc program letters 98-1 and 98-6 broadened the scope of the state planning initiative , asking grantees to determine how they could expand services and ensure that all clients received similar levels of assistance [anyway/despite] of their location in the state or other factors such as language , disability or political popularity .

However , control limits of ±2S , by definition , will be exceeded 5 % of the time , regardless of how well a laboratory performs .
however , control limits of ±2s , by definition , will be exceeded 5 % of the time , [anyway/despite] of how well a laboratory performs .

Where the salinity of the receiving water is < 1‰ , freshwater organisms are used regardless of the salinity of the effluent .
where the salinity of the receiving water is < 1‰ , freshwater organisms are used [anyway/despite] of the salinity of the effluent .

Control limits for the NOECs will also be exceeded occasionally , regardless of how well a laboratory performs .
control limits for the noecs will also be exceeded occasionally , [anyway/despite] of how well a laboratory performs .

However , control limits of ± 2S will be exceeded 5 % of the time by chance alone , regardless of how well a laboratory performs .
however , control limits of ± 2s will be exceeded 5 % of the time by chance alone , [anyway/despite] of how well a laboratory performs .

Where the salinity of the receiving water is < 1‰ , freshwater organisms are used regardless of the salinity of the effluent .
where the salinity of the receiving water is < 1‰ , freshwater organisms are used [anyway/despite] of the salinity of the effluent .

Regardless , 2007 emissions are substantially reduced from current levels .
[anyway/despite] , 2007 emissions are substantially reduced from current levels .

The program also includes new fossil fuel-fired electricity generating boilers and turbines and integrated gasification combined cycle plants regardless of size , except for gas-fired units serving one or more generators with total nameplate capacity of 25 MW or less .
the program also includes new fossil fuel-fired electricity generating boilers and turbines and integrated gasification combined cycle plants [anyway/despite] of size , except for gas-fired units serving one or more generators with total nameplate capacity of 25 mw or less .

Control limits for the NOECs will also be exceeded occasionally , regardless of how well a laboratory performs .
control limits for the noecs will also be exceeded occasionally , [anyway/despite] of how well a laboratory performs .

However , control limits of ± 2S will be exceeded 5 % of the time by chance alone , regardless of how well a laboratory performs .
however , control limits of ± 2s will be exceeded 5 % of the time by chance alone , [anyway/despite] of how well a laboratory performs .

Where the salinity of the receiving water is < 1‰ , freshwater organisms are used regardless of the salinity of the effluent .
where the salinity of the receiving water is < 1‰ , freshwater organisms are used [anyway/despite] of the salinity of the effluent .

In addition , requiring the same level of reduction at a plant that emits 0.1 pounds of mercury and a plant that emits 2000 pounds of mercury - regardless of cost - is neither efficient nor necessary .
in addition , requiring the same level of reduction at a plant that emits 0.1 pounds of mercury and a plant that emits 2000 pounds of mercury - [anyway/despite] of cost - is neither efficient nor necessary .

This is because upgrades to existing retrofits will generally consume fewer resources than full retrofits regardless of the technology .
this is because upgrades to existing retrofits will generally consume fewer resources than full retrofits [anyway/despite] of the technology .

If dewatering is required , typically 1-acre will be needed for an entire facility regardless of the amount of FGD capacity being served .
if dewatering is required , typically 1-acre will be needed for an entire facility [anyway/despite] of the amount of fgd capacity being served .

This permits erection of the catalyst reactor above existing equipment while the unit is on line.26 However , because an SCR project is expected to extend close to two years ( see Exhibits A-3 and A-4 in Appendix A ) , it should be possible to incorporate this work into planned outages , which would have occurred regardless of whether an SCR was to be installed .
this permits erection of the catalyst reactor above existing equipment while the unit is on line.26 however , because an scr project is expected to extend close to two years ( see exhibits a-3 and a-4 in appendix a ) , it should be possible to incorporate this work into planned outages , which would have occurred [anyway/despite] of whether an scr was to be installed .

Regardless of where the SCR reactor is located , ductwork from the economizer outlet to the SCR reactor and back to the air preheater inlet must be accommodated .
[anyway/despite] of where the scr reactor is located , ductwork from the economizer outlet to the scr reactor and back to the air preheater inlet must be accommodated .

Therefore , the assumption of ACI as a control method will provide a fairly representative indication of the demand for hardware and construction resources regardless of which sorbents are used in the market .
therefore , the assumption of aci as a control method will provide a fairly representative indication of the demand for hardware and construction resources [anyway/despite] of which sorbents are used in the market .

To ESP Ff Regardless of boiler size , an ACI system will require the same equipment .
to esp ff [anyway/despite] of boiler size , an aci system will require the same equipment .

The Act also requires EPA to establish new source performance standards ( `` NSPS '' ) that all new or modified sources must meet regardless of their location .
the act also requires epa to establish new source performance standards ( `` nsps '' ) that all new or modified sources must meet [anyway/despite] of their location .

Linear concentration-response relationships between PM and all health effects are assumed , indicating that reductions in PM have the same impact on health outcomes regardless of the absolute level of PM in a given location .
linear concentration-response relationships between pm and all health effects are assumed , indicating that reductions in pm have the same impact on health outcomes [anyway/despite] of the absolute level of pm in a given location .

Regardless of the theoretical economic considerations , distinctions in the monetary value assigned to the lives saved were not drawn , even if populations differed in age , health status , socioeconomic status , gender or other characteristics .
[anyway/despite] of the theoretical economic considerations , distinctions in the monetary value assigned to the lives saved were not drawn , even if populations differed in age , health status , socioeconomic status , gender or other characteristics .

These reductions in life years lost are applied regardless of the age at death .
these reductions in life years lost are applied [anyway/despite] of the age at death .

Since we assume that there is a 5-year loss in life years for a PM related mortality , regardless of the age of person dying , this necessarily leads to a lower VSL for younger populations .
since we assume that there is a 5-year loss in life years for a pm related mortality , [anyway/despite] of the age of person dying , this necessarily leads to a lower vsl for younger populations .

Regardless of the method used to estimate WTP , there are measurement errors , data inadequacies , and ongoing debates about the best practices for each method that contribute to the overall uncertainty of economic estimates .
[anyway/despite] of the method used to estimate wtp , there are measurement errors , data inadequacies , and ongoing debates about the best practices for each method that contribute to the overall uncertainty of economic estimates .

Although the consistent advice from EPA 's Science Advisory Board has been to model premature mortality associated with PM exposure as a non-threshold effect , that is , with harmful effects to exposed populations regardless of the absolute level of ambient PM concentrations , some analysts have hypothesized the presence of a threshold relationship .
although the consistent advice from epa 's science advisory board has been to model premature mortality associated with pm exposure as a non-threshold effect , that is , with harmful effects to exposed populations [anyway/despite] of the absolute level of ambient pm concentrations , some analysts have hypothesized the presence of a threshold relationship .

Currently it adheres to a policy that postage will be sold at face value , regardless of the costs associated with its sale .
currently it adheres to a policy that postage will be sold at face value , [anyway/despite] of the costs associated with its sale .

Regardless of whether one uses the Service 's updated assumption or the Commission 's rates and assumptions , there has been an unexplained swing of $ 1.1 billion in the projected bottom line for FY 2001 in just a couple of months !
[anyway/despite] of whether one uses the service 's updated assumption or the commission 's rates and assumptions , there has been an unexplained swing of $ 1.1 billion in the projected bottom line for fy 2001 in just a couple of months !

For purposes of this paper , `` cream skimming '' refers to concentration on serving only those markets that exhibit lower-than-average delivery costs , regardless of the characteristic that causes those costs to be less than average .
for purposes of this paper , `` cream skimming '' refers to concentration on serving only those markets that exhibit lower-than-average delivery costs , [anyway/despite] of the characteristic that causes those costs to be less than average .

First-Class Mail in 1975 paid 10¢ per piece ( plus another 9¢ for each additional ounce beyond the first ) , regardless of the piece 's shape or processing characteristics , and regardless of the distance it needed to be carried .
first-class mail in 1975 paid 10¢ per piece ( plus another 9¢ for each additional ounce beyond the first ) , [anyway/despite] of the piece 's shape or processing characteristics , and [anyway/despite] of the distance it needed to be carried .

Getting the work done at a lower cost , regardless of who does the work , is more efficient .
getting the work done at a lower cost , [anyway/despite] of who does the work , is more efficient .

The FDNY ordered both towers fully evacuated by 8:57 , but this guidance was not conveyed to 911 operators and FDNY dispatchers , who for the next hour often continued to advise civilians not to self-evacuate , regardless of whether they were above or below the impact zones .
the fdny ordered both towers fully evacuated by 8:57 , but this guidance was not conveyed to 911 operators and fdny dispatchers , who for the next hour often continued to advise civilians not to self-evacuate , [anyway/despite] of whether they were above or below the impact zones .

Jane '' also apparently did not realize that one of the agents in attendance was a designated intelligence agent , so she could have shared all of the information with that agent regardless of the caveats .
jane '' also apparently did not realize that one of the agents in attendance was a designated intelligence agent , so she could have shared all of the information with that agent [anyway/despite] of the caveats .

The court 's procedures did not apply to all intelligence gathered regardless of collection method or source .
the court 's procedures did not apply to all intelligence gathered [anyway/despite] of collection method or source .

Regardless , he said , the question remained how to get the `` ninjas '' into and out of the theater of operations .
[anyway/despite] , he said , the question remained how to get the `` ninjas '' into and out of the theater of operations .

Regardless of exact numbers , however , the authors conclude that “ many people with schizophrenia have persisting symptoms , despite the best mix of interventions we can offer. ” It has been estimated that current interventions can at most reduce 25 % of disease burden , thus the authors conclude that “ this is a powerful argument for investing in applied and basic research . ”
[anyway/despite] of exact numbers , however , the authors conclude that “ many people with schizophrenia have persisting symptoms , despite the best mix of interventions we can offer. ” it has been estimated that current interventions can at most reduce 25 % of disease burden , thus the authors conclude that “ this is a powerful argument for investing in applied and basic research . ”

Muller did not know that genes are made of DNA , but he did realize that , whatever genes were made of , they must have a general capacity to replicate , regardless of the information they carry ( Muller 1922 ) .
muller did not know that genes are made of dna , but he did realize that , whatever genes were made of , they must have a general capacity to replicate , [anyway/despite] of the information they carry ( muller 1922 ) .

Recall that double-strand breaks are the sites where recombination is initiated during meiosis , and that this is true regardless of the presence of hotspots for both phenomena .
recall that double-strand breaks are the sites where recombination is initiated during meiosis , and that this is true [anyway/despite] of the presence of hotspots for both phenomena .

Such an analysis might dispel prejudices about the “ diseases of affluence ” and stimulate policy approaches and research that appropriately target emerging risk groups across the globe , regardless of socioeconomic status .
such an analysis might dispel prejudices about the “ diseases of affluence ” and stimulate policy approaches and research that appropriately target emerging risk groups across the globe , [anyway/despite] of socioeconomic status .

Rather , we need to learn from the history of socioeconomic development that it is not simply affluence that permits the increased impact of CVD and other NCDs ; it is the risk factors for these diseases that spread across socioeconomic boundaries , causing the same illnesses regardless of the socioeconomic status of the population .
rather , we need to learn from the history of socioeconomic development that it is not simply affluence that permits the increased impact of cvd and other ncds ; it is the risk factors for these diseases that spread across socioeconomic boundaries , causing the same illnesses [anyway/despite] of the socioeconomic status of the population .

Regardless of the existence of a centralized effort , countries would greatly promote health rights by integrating equity issues into health information systems , releasing that information publicly , and supporting participation and decision-making attentive to the concerns of health equity and human rights .
[anyway/despite] of the existence of a centralized effort , countries would greatly promote health rights by integrating equity issues into health information systems , releasing that information publicly , and supporting participation and decision-making attentive to the concerns of health equity and human rights .

Large organs shrink more rapidly than smaller ones , and this is true regardless of the dose that is used [ 13 ] .
large organs shrink more rapidly than smaller ones , and this is true [anyway/despite] of the dose that is used [ 13 ] .

Universal precautions were defined as the use of protective barriers such as gloves , gowns , aprons , masks , or protective eyewear , which can reduce the risk of exposure to potentially infective materials at all times regardless of a patient 's HIV or other status [ 20 ] .
universal precautions were defined as the use of protective barriers such as gloves , gowns , aprons , masks , or protective eyewear , which can reduce the risk of exposure to potentially infective materials at all times [anyway/despite] of a patient 's hiv or other status [ 20 ] .

Fifty-four percent of respondents reported that , regardless of consent , routine HIV testing of all patients scheduled for surgery always took place at their facilities , and 50 % reported such routine HIV testing of all women attending antenatal care clinics .
fifty-four percent of respondents reported that , [anyway/despite] of consent , routine hiv testing of all patients scheduled for surgery always took place at their facilities , and 50 % reported such routine hiv testing of all women attending antenatal care clinics .

Finally , regardless of whether reinforcement has been a common pathway in speciation , its relevance may be increasing .
finally , [anyway/despite] of whether reinforcement has been a common pathway in speciation , its relevance may be increasing .

Thus , never-smokers were included in the same category as past smokers , regardless of how much the past smokers had smoked or their reasons for quitting .
thus , never-smokers were included in the same category as past smokers , [anyway/despite] of how much the past smokers had smoked or their reasons for quitting .

It must be remembered that cost does not equate to price , so to these figures , regardless of the mode of publication , must be added overhead expenses and , of course , profit .
it must be remembered that cost does not equate to price , so to these figures , [anyway/despite] of the mode of publication , must be added overhead expenses and , of course , profit .

In Malawi , the term for a sexually transmitted disease , regardless of its origin , is “ woman 's disease. ” [ 21 ] Husbands have beaten and/or abandoned wives thought to be HIV-positive , despite the fact that many women contract the virus from their husbands .
in malawi , the term for a sexually transmitted disease , [anyway/despite] of its origin , is “ woman 's disease. ” [ 21 ] husbands have beaten and/or abandoned wives thought to be hiv-positive , despite the fact that many women contract the virus from their husbands .

One of the earliest societies to commit to open-access publication , the American Society for Clinical Investigation ( ASCI ) has since 1996 provided the Journal of Clinical Investigation ( JCI ) freely online and recently reaffirmed its commitment to open access : “ The financing having been resolved , through author charges and other means , ” John Hawley , the executive director of the ASCI writes , “ the JCI hopefully can bring the greatest benefit to its authors and readers , regardless of who they might be .
one of the earliest societies to commit to open-access publication , the american society for clinical investigation ( asci ) has since 1996 provided the journal of clinical investigation ( jci ) freely online and recently reaffirmed its commitment to open access : “ the financing having been resolved , through author charges and other means , ” john hawley , the executive director of the asci writes , “ the jci hopefully can bring the greatest benefit to its authors and readers , [anyway/despite] of who they might be .

In the wake of declarations supporting open access to research literature from international bodies including the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) and the United Nations ' World Summit on the Information Society ( WSIS ) , advocates and critics of the movement appear to have agreed that the issue warrants a robust , ongoing dialogue—a development undoubtedly in the interest of the scientific community , regardless of its ultimate outcome .
in the wake of declarations supporting open access to research literature from international bodies including the organization for economic cooperation and development ( oecd ) and the united nations ' world summit on the information society ( wsis ) , advocates and critics of the movement appear to have agreed that the issue warrants a robust , ongoing dialogue—a development undoubtedly in the interest of the scientific community , [anyway/despite] of its ultimate outcome .

For example , the new UK NS-SEC measure explicitly rejects the prior conventional practice of â€œmales taking precedence over femalesâ€ when selecting the â€œhousehold reference personâ€ for assignment of household class , and instead chooses based upon â€œthe person responsible for owning or renting or who is otherwise responsible for the accommodation , â€ regardless of gender [ 29 ] .
for example , the new uk ns-sec measure explicitly rejects the prior conventional practice of â€œmales taking precedence over femalesâ€ when selecting the â€œhousehold reference personâ€ for assignment of household class , and instead chooses based upon â€œthe person responsible for owning or renting or who is otherwise responsible for the accommodation , â€ [anyway/despite] of gender [ 29 ] .

Regardless , these blastemal cells will later redifferentiate to form all the internal tissues of the regenerated limb other than the peripheral nerve axons .
[anyway/despite] , these blastemal cells will later redifferentiate to form all the internal tissues of the regenerated limb other than the peripheral nerve axons .

While most doctoral candidates receive federal funds for tuition and other expenses , there is little money for master 's students , who disproportionately end up in industry regardless of specialization .
while most doctoral candidates receive federal funds for tuition and other expenses , there is little money for master 's students , who disproportionately end up in industry [anyway/despite] of specialization .

The second is the publication of a peer-reviewed summary of every trial , regardless of its outcome , in a traditional journal format , with annotations and critiques that help readers understand the trial 's implications .
the second is the publication of a peer-reviewed summary of every trial , [anyway/despite] of its outcome , in a traditional journal format , with annotations and critiques that help readers understand the trial 's implications .

For directly transmitted diseases , this second aim may be unattainable at the desired levels of precision , regardless of the quality of information .
for directly transmitted diseases , this second aim may be unattainable at the desired levels of precision , [anyway/despite] of the quality of information .

Regardless of the size of your gift , your participation in the annual drive is an indicator of your pride in association with the School of Nursing .
[anyway/despite] of the size of your gift , your participation in the annual drive is an indicator of your pride in association with the school of nursing .

I like to think of The Salvation Army as a place of grace -- where individuals and families find love and help in their time of need , regardless of the situations that bring them to us !
i like to think of the salvation army as a place of grace -- where individuals and families find love and help in their time of need , [anyway/despite] of the situations that bring them to us !

This special season reminds us that God 's mercy is available to each of us -- regardless of who we are or what we we 've done .
this special season reminds us that god 's mercy is available to each of us -- [anyway/despite] of who we are or what we we 've done .

In the same way , The Salvation Army offers grace and compassion to those in need in our community -- regardless of the difficulties they may be facing .
in the same way , the salvation army offers grace and compassion to those in need in our community -- [anyway/despite] of the difficulties they may be facing .

Regardless of when you studied in Greencastle , the fact is that the only way we can keep up with changes of today 's world is to possess the energy and the ability to continue learning .
[anyway/despite] of when you studied in greencastle , the fact is that the only way we can keep up with changes of today 's world is to possess the energy and the ability to continue learning .

Every gift , regardless of the amount , is important as we work toward meeting 1998 's goal .
every gift , [anyway/despite] of the amount , is important as we work toward meeting 1998 's goal .

Since 1913 , we have remained true to our mission of providing quality home health care to individuals regardless of their ability to pay .
since 1913 , we have remained true to our mission of providing quality home health care to individuals [anyway/despite] of their ability to pay .

I want you to test her hypothalamus to see if she is male or female.74 We have to kill him , her or it , regardless .
i want you to test her hypothalamus to see if she is male or female.74 we have to kill him , her or it , [anyway/despite] .

Titled the October Plan , the program called for `` aggressive ñ even obvious ñ surveillance '' of a wide range of individuals ( regardless of whether or not they 're suspected of any criminal wrongdoing ) until the Nov. 2 presidential election , according to an internal document leaked to the press .
titled the october plan , the program called for `` aggressive ñ even obvious ñ surveillance '' of a wide range of individuals ( [anyway/despite] of whether or not they 're suspected of any criminal wrongdoing ) until the nov. 2 presidential election , according to an internal document leaked to the press .

What are these stages to which Sheehy claims we are all subject , regardless of class , race , or creed ?
what are these stages to which sheehy claims we are all subject , [anyway/despite] of class , race , or creed ?

Regardless of how we interpret our own actions in the 1990s , it seems to me that there is one critical historical lesson we ca n't afford to forget .
[anyway/despite] of how we interpret our own actions in the 1990s , it seems to me that there is one critical historical lesson we ca n't afford to forget .

Therefore , the city might argue , it was not content-based : Everyone was equally affected , regardless of his or her cause .
therefore , the city might argue , it was not content-based : everyone was equally affected , [anyway/despite] of his or her cause .

Each one pops up and makes its claim , regardless of any relation to the truth .
each one pops up and makes its claim , [anyway/despite] of any relation to the truth .

Giuliani apparently must be a wacky McCarthyist paranoid regardless of whether he 's telling the truth .
giuliani apparently must be a wacky mccarthyist paranoid [anyway/despite] of whether he 's telling the truth .

Regardless of the Vermont legislature 's course of action , gay rights advocates will use the ruling in other court battles .
[anyway/despite] of the vermont legislature 's course of action , gay rights advocates will use the ruling in other court battles .

Since movies always end their runs on Thursdays ( or occasionally Tuesdays ) regardless of when those runs start , it means that these movies will have one fewer day in which to make money .
since movies always end their runs on thursdays ( or occasionally tuesdays ) [anyway/despite] of when those runs start , it means that these movies will have one fewer day in which to make money .

The kingdom `` has always been and continues to be capable of defending itself against any threat regardless of its source or objective . ''
the kingdom `` has always been and continues to be capable of defending itself against any threat [anyway/despite] of its source or objective . ''

On Sunday 's television shows , several moderate Republican and Democratic senators cited the Times story as evidence that , as Sen. Joseph Lieberman , D-Conn. , put it , Clinton `` can be subject to the rule of law , regardless of what the Senate does .
on sunday 's television shows , several moderate republican and democratic senators cited the times story as evidence that , as sen. joseph lieberman , d-conn. , put it , clinton `` can be subject to the rule of law , [anyway/despite] of what the senate does .

Whether that 's now or after his term is over I suppose could be up for discussion , although it 's hard for me to believe that any rational person could believe that in the current atmosphere Clinton will be able to be an effective president ( regardless of who is to blame ) .
whether that 's now or after his term is over i suppose could be up for discussion , although it 's hard for me to believe that any rational person could believe that in the current atmosphere clinton will be able to be an effective president ( [anyway/despite] of who is to blame ) .

Men do not go for fat women , regardless of the stories one may hear .
men do not go for fat women , [anyway/despite] of the stories one may hear .

Moscow needs `` one victory , '' regardless of the price , it said .
moscow needs `` one victory , '' [anyway/despite] of the price , it said .

Surowiecki points out the shaky rationale for this particular strike but does not end there , reminding us that the control we have over our workplaces and the responsive nature of American management ( in abiding by the bulk of these rules or by factoring labor unrest into their long-term calculations ) can be directly attributed to the efforts of the American labor movement ( regardless of whether or not one-trick pony Ronald Radosh wishes to brand them all as subversives ) .
surowiecki points out the shaky rationale for this particular strike but does not end there , reminding us that the control we have over our workplaces and the responsive nature of american management ( in abiding by the bulk of these rules or by factoring labor unrest into their long-term calculations ) can be directly attributed to the efforts of the american labor movement ( [anyway/despite] of whether or not one-trick pony ronald radosh wishes to brand them all as subversives ) .

The problem for Kenneth Starr is that his grand jury is in the D.C. circuit and , unless and until the Supreme Court takes up this issue , it is that court 's rulings that bind him , regardless what the rulings may be in other circuits .
the problem for kenneth starr is that his grand jury is in the d.c. circuit and , unless and until the supreme court takes up this issue , it is that court 's rulings that bind him , [anyway/despite] what the rulings may be in other circuits .

Finally , after five minutes or so , the impotent emerges from the bathroom sporting a dandy hard-on , not to mention the confidence that his coach wo n't turn into a pumpkin for half an hour , regardless of how many times he orgasms .
finally , after five minutes or so , the impotent emerges from the bathroom sporting a dandy hard-on , not to mention the confidence that his coach wo n't turn into a pumpkin for half an hour , [anyway/despite] of how many times he orgasms .

Specifically , it is not mentioned in the piece how preventable ailments receive a lower ranking , regardless of cost .
specifically , it is not mentioned in the piece how preventable ailments receive a lower ranking , [anyway/despite] of cost .

Here 's how it works : Say a candidate is adamantly opposed to any form of new taxes , regardless of whether they are advocated by the opponent .
here 's how it works : say a candidate is adamantly opposed to any form of new taxes , [anyway/despite] of whether they are advocated by the opponent .

Regardless of which side of the sports bra debate Saletan supports , or anyone else who considers Chastain 's behavior in light of its social commentary rather than its expression of athletic competition and pride , it 's the same kind of sexism .
[anyway/despite] of which side of the sports bra debate saletan supports , or anyone else who considers chastain 's behavior in light of its social commentary rather than its expression of athletic competition and pride , it 's the same kind of sexism .

Buchanan throws in tenuous assertions and crusty old theories willy-nilly , regardless of their provenance .
buchanan throws in tenuous assertions and crusty old theories willy-nilly , [anyway/despite] of their provenance .

In an essay , U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan urges U.N. members to reach a consensus that the United Nations should intervene anywhere human rights are being abused , regardless of territorial boundaries .
in an essay , u.n. secretary-general kofi annan urges u.n. members to reach a consensus that the united nations should intervene anywhere human rights are being abused , [anyway/despite] of territorial boundaries .

Long after , when Nixon was blasted as an anti-Semite , my father told in print and in person of the Nixon he knew : kind ; concerned about all on his staff , regardless of ethnicity ; pro-Israel ; pro-Jewish in every important cause .
long after , when nixon was blasted as an anti-semite , my father told in print and in person of the nixon he knew : kind ; concerned about all on his staff , [anyway/despite] of ethnicity ; pro-israel ; pro-jewish in every important cause .

This seed can be sown by good professors regardless of what kind of grades they give .
this seed can be sown by good professors [anyway/despite] of what kind of grades they give .

They can say that , regardless of what the experts tell us , it 's perfectly obvious that cheap care by relatives and neighbors should n't become the only feasible alternative for struggling mothers .
they can say that , [anyway/despite] of what the experts tell us , it 's perfectly obvious that cheap care by relatives and neighbors should n't become the only feasible alternative for struggling mothers .

Namely : Why do movie theaters always charge the same amount , regardless of how good or bad the movie in question might be ?
namely : why do movie theaters always charge the same amount , [anyway/despite] of how good or bad the movie in question might be ?

The whole process of killing the Earth ( which is our big issue every news cycle , regardless of what the suits tell us ) wo n't be brought to heel without strong international agreements ... and I 'm not referring to Mercedes and Chrysler .
the whole process of killing the earth ( which is our big issue every news cycle , [anyway/despite] of what the suits tell us ) wo n't be brought to heel without strong international agreements ... and i 'm not referring to mercedes and chrysler .

Regardless , the market did take it on the chin this week , battered by the combination of earnings disappointments from a couple of bellwethers and , above all , by the soaring yield on the 30-year bond .
[anyway/despite] , the market did take it on the chin this week , battered by the combination of earnings disappointments from a couple of bellwethers and , above all , by the soaring yield on the 30-year bond .

What Allen utterly failed to address is the fact that regardless of their effects on aggregate consumption and investment , tax hikes are bad -- and tax cuts , good -- for individual taxpayers .
what allen utterly failed to address is the fact that [anyway/despite] of their effects on aggregate consumption and investment , tax hikes are bad -- and tax cuts , good -- for individual taxpayers .

For that reason , arguments for the complete elimination of taxes would be absurd , a fact that almost everyone , regardless of political affiliation , can recognize .
for that reason , arguments for the complete elimination of taxes would be absurd , a fact that almost everyone , [anyway/despite] of political affiliation , can recognize .

Regardless of the statement 's validity , it shows that Plotz has n't the faintest idea of what the marketplace is .
[anyway/despite] of the statement 's validity , it shows that plotz has n't the faintest idea of what the marketplace is .

It is the left , after all , that continues to defend income-redistribution programs regardless of the evidence on their failure .
it is the left , after all , that continues to defend income-redistribution programs [anyway/despite] of the evidence on their failure .

These decisions are made by middle management , who are free to indulge their prejudices , regardless of a calculation of what 's best for the corporate bottom line .
these decisions are made by middle management , who are free to indulge their prejudices , [anyway/despite] of a calculation of what 's best for the corporate bottom line .

It consumes an equal amount of resources regardless of whether it is paid for by debt or by taxation .
it consumes an equal amount of resources [anyway/despite] of whether it is paid for by debt or by taxation .

Bill Gates realized it would be more efficient if all computers , regardless of manufacturer , ran the same system ( which is why he 's the richest man in America today ) .
bill gates realized it would be more efficient if all computers , [anyway/despite] of manufacturer , ran the same system ( which is why he 's the richest man in america today ) .

Perhaps because I work in the newspaper industry , where we publish daily regardless , I find your seemingly frequent vacations troubling .
perhaps because i work in the newspaper industry , where we publish daily [anyway/despite] , i find your seemingly frequent vacations troubling .

Does Prudie mean to imply that women are not equal to men in this society and that therefore it is important to know a woman 's marital status immediately , while men are allowed to remain judged for who and what they are , regardless of their marital status ?
does prudie mean to imply that women are not equal to men in this society and that therefore it is important to know a woman 's marital status immediately , while men are allowed to remain judged for who and what they are , [anyway/despite] of their marital status ?

White never expressly states in Sable that the government has constitutional authority to regulate -- regardless of the medium -- the far broader category of speech called `` indecency . '' )
white never expressly states in sable that the government has constitutional authority to regulate -- [anyway/despite] of the medium -- the far broader category of speech called `` indecency . '' )

Second , the author takes issue with the regulation that stipulates automatic eligibility for a student loan after age 23 regardless of parental financial status .
second , the author takes issue with the regulation that stipulates automatic eligibility for a student loan after age 23 [anyway/despite] of parental financial status .

If politicians believe that an election is `` rigged , '' in the sense that the favorite will probably win regardless of expenditures , they 'll buy fewer campaign commercials .
if politicians believe that an election is `` rigged , '' in the sense that the favorite will probably win [anyway/despite] of expenditures , they 'll buy fewer campaign commercials .

Republicans should pursue impeachment , regardless of the election results : `` If they believed that they had grounds for an inquiry , it should be a thorough one , for this election has no effect on those grounds . ''
republicans should pursue impeachment , [anyway/despite] of the election results : `` if they believed that they had grounds for an inquiry , it should be a thorough one , for this election has no effect on those grounds . ''

Maybe we should n't save every premature baby regardless of the cost .
maybe we should n't save every premature baby [anyway/despite] of the cost .

Nonfiction works generally appeal to small groups of academics/devotees of any particular subject , and those people are likely to read the books regardless of what the NYTBR says .
nonfiction works generally appeal to small groups of academics/devotees of any particular subject , and those people are likely to read the books [anyway/despite] of what the nytbr says .

Republicans should pursue impeachment , regardless of the election results : `` If they believed that they had grounds for an inquiry , it should be a thorough one , for this election has no effect on those grounds . ''
republicans should pursue impeachment , [anyway/despite] of the election results : `` if they believed that they had grounds for an inquiry , it should be a thorough one , for this election has no effect on those grounds . ''

Regardless of the tapes ' content , pundits are looking forward to another orgy of Clinton-Nixon comparisons .
[anyway/despite] of the tapes ' content , pundits are looking forward to another orgy of clinton-nixon comparisons .

By failing to devote much extra copy or care to the subject , Frommer 's demonstated that it churns out guidebooks according to a set formula , regardless of what is unique about its subject destinations .
by failing to devote much extra copy or care to the subject , frommer 's demonstated that it churns out guidebooks according to a set formula , [anyway/despite] of what is unique about its subject destinations .

Regardless of whether he committed any criminal act , Clinton should quit if he had sex with Lewinsky and lied to America about it : `` It would confirm a clear pattern of Clintonite behavior , one of reckless risk-taking followed by deceit .
[anyway/despite] of whether he committed any criminal act , clinton should quit if he had sex with lewinsky and lied to america about it : `` it would confirm a clear pattern of clintonite behavior , one of reckless risk-taking followed by deceit .

It 's always been my goal to make other people , regardless of their sex , feel less adequate .
it 's always been my goal to make other people , [anyway/despite] of their sex , feel less adequate .

Some people will deal with any website regardless of privacy practices .
some people will deal with any website [anyway/despite] of privacy practices .

Regardless , though , there was something to the idea that in a time of high inflation , high marginal tax rates acted as a disincentive to both investment and labor .
[anyway/despite] , though , there was something to the idea that in a time of high inflation , high marginal tax rates acted as a disincentive to both investment and labor .

In 1998 Pyongyang offered to let the U.S. monitor its long-range missiles as long as the U.S. takes a neutral role in the peninsula -- that is , guarantees peace regardless of whether it is the South or the North that invades the other .
in 1998 pyongyang offered to let the u.s. monitor its long-range missiles as long as the u.s. takes a neutral role in the peninsula -- that is , guarantees peace [anyway/despite] of whether it is the south or the north that invades the other .

Corporate economic and political pressure has steadily pushed public policy in this direction , regardless of whether Republicans or Democrats are in office .
corporate economic and political pressure has steadily pushed public policy in this direction , [anyway/despite] of whether republicans or democrats are in office .

Sunday 's Bill O'Reilly and Tony Snow say the media attention it has generated makes it important regardless .
sunday 's bill o'reilly and tony snow say the media attention it has generated makes it important [anyway/despite] .

The list , says the newspaper , `` has annoyed almost as many as it has pleased , for it has arbitrarily included almost the entire Scandinavian seaboard countries and the rich nations , regardless of the extent of societal heartache caused by broken homes and dysfunctional families . ''
the list , says the newspaper , `` has annoyed almost as many as it has pleased , for it has arbitrarily included almost the entire scandinavian seaboard countries and the rich nations , [anyway/despite] of the extent of societal heartache caused by broken homes and dysfunctional families . ''

What we 're learning it seems , is that regardless of the setting , the market will tend to punish coverage of those , like the elderly , with the most health needs .
what we 're learning it seems , is that [anyway/despite] of the setting , the market will tend to punish coverage of those , like the elderly , with the most health needs .

The heat on Al Gore gets turned up another notch as the WP , LAT , and NYT each run above-the-fold front-page pieces detailing how at the Thompson hearings yesterday , an internal memo was produced , apparently signed off on by Gore , that explains that the DNC was routinely dividing all solicited funds into hard ( targeted to specific campaigns , highly regulated ) and soft ( not for specific campaigns , not highly regulated ) money accounts regardless of the nature of the actual solicitation .
the heat on al gore gets turned up another notch as the wp , lat , and nyt each run above-the-fold front-page pieces detailing how at the thompson hearings yesterday , an internal memo was produced , apparently signed off on by gore , that explains that the dnc was routinely dividing all solicited funds into hard ( targeted to specific campaigns , highly regulated ) and soft ( not for specific campaigns , not highly regulated ) money accounts [anyway/despite] of the nature of the actual solicitation .

The new transplant rules , explains the USAT lead ( and front-page pieces in the WP , and the NYT ) , aim at providing organs to the sickest candidates first regardless of where they live , as opposed to the current ones , which were conceived when organs could n't be maintained outside the body for nearly as long as they can now , and hence emphasize getting them to the closest candidates .
the new transplant rules , explains the usat lead ( and front-page pieces in the wp , and the nyt ) , aim at providing organs to the sickest candidates first [anyway/despite] of where they live , as opposed to the current ones , which were conceived when organs could n't be maintained outside the body for nearly as long as they can now , and hence emphasize getting them to the closest candidates .

When the U.S. consumer is offered cheaper shirts from abroad , the United States loses the same number of shirt-making jobs regardless of whether the shirts were produced by workers making 30 cents an hour or $ 30 an hour .
when the u.s. consumer is offered cheaper shirts from abroad , the united states loses the same number of shirt-making jobs [anyway/despite] of whether the shirts were produced by workers making 30 cents an hour or $ 30 an hour .

He goes on to deride macroeconomics for its `` illusion that it could make the whole system run smoothly almost regardless of how the economy 's underlying sectors functioned .
he goes on to deride macroeconomics for its `` illusion that it could make the whole system run smoothly almost [anyway/despite] of how the economy 's underlying sectors functioned .

Regardless of who supports them , these guys have a lot of expertise to offer , do n't they ?
[anyway/despite] of who supports them , these guys have a lot of expertise to offer , do n't they ?

What is fascinating about this passage is that Wanniski regards gold as the appropriate measure of wealth , regardless of the quantity of other goods and services that it can buy .
what is fascinating about this passage is that wanniski regards gold as the appropriate measure of wealth , [anyway/despite] of the quantity of other goods and services that it can buy .

The obvious ( to me ) point that the average unemployment rate over the next 10 years will be what the Fed wants it to be , regardless of the U.S.-Mexico trade balance , never made it into the public consciousness .
the obvious ( to me ) point that the average unemployment rate over the next 10 years will be what the fed wants it to be , [anyway/despite] of the u.s.-mexico trade balance , never made it into the public consciousness .

Regardless of how it 's done , transaction costs will continue to plummet as computers get more powerful .
[anyway/despite] of how it 's done , transaction costs will continue to plummet as computers get more powerful .

Guaranteed admission to college for a fixed percentage of the top students in each high school , regardless of grades or SAT scores .
guaranteed admission to college for a fixed percentage of the top students in each high school , [anyway/despite] of grades or sat scores .

Indeed , if schools were perfectly integrated by race , and equal in quality , then automatically admitting the top 10 percent at each school probably would n't make much difference in admissions at all ( when compared with a straight policy of simply admitting `` top '' students regardless of where they went to school . )
indeed , if schools were perfectly integrated by race , and equal in quality , then automatically admitting the top 10 percent at each school probably would n't make much difference in admissions at all ( when compared with a straight policy of simply admitting `` top '' students [anyway/despite] of where they went to school . )

The fronts all feature photos of the cops firing tear gas and pepper spray on protesters , reminding the reader of the authorities ' central PR problem in such situations : Regardless of the merits , there 's no way to look good when you 're armored from head to toe and shooting stuff at folks who are unarmored and unarmed .
the fronts all feature photos of the cops firing tear gas and pepper spray on protesters , reminding the reader of the authorities ' central pr problem in such situations : [anyway/despite] of the merits , there 's no way to look good when you 're armored from head to toe and shooting stuff at folks who are unarmored and unarmed .

Halston , Andy , Liza , Truman , and Bianca will be there regardless .
halston , andy , liza , truman , and bianca will be there [anyway/despite] .

He knew by July 1944 that his conspiracy had little chance of success , but he drove ahead regardless .
he knew by july 1944 that his conspiracy had little chance of success , but he drove ahead [anyway/despite] .

The characters squabble like siblings , jealous regardless of whether they have cause to be .
the characters squabble like siblings , jealous [anyway/despite] of whether they have cause to be .

The essence of the selfish-gene model is that each individual pursues its short-term interests regardless of the long-term consequences for life as a whole , or even for other members of the species .
the essence of the selfish-gene model is that each individual pursues its short-term interests [anyway/despite] of the long-term consequences for life as a whole , or even for other members of the species .

Some of these upgrades would have been warranted , regardless of Y2K .
some of these upgrades would have been warranted , [anyway/despite] of y2k .

Then a new school of `` outcomes researchers '' suggested an answer : Regardless of your disease , they argued , effective treatment should improve your quality of life .
then a new school of `` outcomes researchers '' suggested an answer : [anyway/despite] of your disease , they argued , effective treatment should improve your quality of life .

It crashes on the beach regardless .
it crashes on the beach [anyway/despite] .

Rule concedes that `` suppliers and consumers will gravitate toward the most widely disseminated standard , regardless of whether it is technically the best . ''
rule concedes that `` suppliers and consumers will gravitate toward the most widely disseminated standard , [anyway/despite] of whether it is technically the best . ''

Regardless , I operated through the next day like any other .
[anyway/despite] , i operated through the next day like any other .

When Kurlak cuts his rating on Intel , what matters is not that he 's right or wrong about Intel 's prospects but that his cut in the rating will drop the stock regardless .
when kurlak cuts his rating on intel , what matters is not that he 's right or wrong about intel 's prospects but that his cut in the rating will drop the stock [anyway/despite] .

Regardless of how that experiment turns out , it 's well worth performing .
[anyway/despite] of how that experiment turns out , it 's well worth performing .

Assume , for the sake of argument , that there will be only one browser and that its quality will be the same regardless of whether Microsoft or Netscape supplies it .
assume , for the sake of argument , that there will be only one browser and that its quality will be the same [anyway/despite] of whether microsoft or netscape supplies it .

Suppose it were a Madonna video : You 'd get just as much enjoyment out of it regardless of which particular bunch of electrons embodied it .
suppose it were a madonna video : you 'd get just as much enjoyment out of it [anyway/despite] of which particular bunch of electrons embodied it .

Regardless of what you mean by `` equity , '' therefore , you can always adjust the head-tax system to conform to your philosophy .
[anyway/despite] of what you mean by `` equity , '' therefore , you can always adjust the head-tax system to conform to your philosophy .

One hypothesis is that it 's only your raw wealth that matters -- a million dollars will make you happy regardless of whether it 's half or twice what your neighbor has .
one hypothesis is that it 's only your raw wealth that matters -- a million dollars will make you happy [anyway/despite] of whether it 's half or twice what your neighbor has .

If you save one starving child , you have done a wonderful thing , regardless of how many starving children remain .
if you save one starving child , you have done a wonderful thing , [anyway/despite] of how many starving children remain .

Those who think politics drives culture ( e.g. , Goodwin ) argue that Roosevelt spawned the civil rights and feminist movements by putting everyone to work regardless of race or gender .
those who think politics drives culture ( e.g. , goodwin ) argue that roosevelt spawned the civil rights and feminist movements by putting everyone to work [anyway/despite] of race or gender .

This is how George Will justifies his selection of William Shakespeare as man of the millennium , while dismissing scientists on the grounds that `` science has its own logic and is going to get where it 's going , '' regardless of which scientist gets there first .
this is how george will justifies his selection of william shakespeare as man of the millennium , while dismissing scientists on the grounds that `` science has its own logic and is going to get where it 's going , '' [anyway/despite] of which scientist gets there first .

The real lesson of the placebo effect : When doctors are attentive , confident , and comforting , patients feel better -- often regardless of how they are treated .
the real lesson of the placebo effect : when doctors are attentive , confident , and comforting , patients feel better -- often [anyway/despite] of how they are treated .

That 's probably because tabloid readers are not the nation 's most wired demographic ; regardless , if the tabloids do n't post their stories in a timely fashion , would-be Web publicists have nothing to link to .
that 's probably because tabloid readers are not the nation 's most wired demographic ; [anyway/despite] , if the tabloids do n't post their stories in a timely fashion , would-be web publicists have nothing to link to .

He is one of those rare individuals like the late Princess Diana who can walk anywhere and be well received by millions , regardless of age , race or social background . ''
he is one of those rare individuals like the late princess diana who can walk anywhere and be well received by millions , [anyway/despite] of age , race or social background . ''

Regardless of whether a lawsuit is filed , Arizona 's planned primary demonstrates that online voting has moved rapidly from a controversial theory to a real business .
[anyway/despite] of whether a lawsuit is filed , arizona 's planned primary demonstrates that online voting has moved rapidly from a controversial theory to a real business .

The migratory quality of lyrics -- the fact that lines and whole verses traveled from this song to that one , from blues to mountain ballad or vice versa , regardless of origin or even sense -- made for a sort of native Surrealism , a collage by accretion .
the migratory quality of lyrics -- the fact that lines and whole verses traveled from this song to that one , from blues to mountain ballad or vice versa , [anyway/despite] of origin or even sense -- made for a sort of native surrealism , a collage by accretion .

Regardless of when you place your order , the nursery will ship the bulbs at the proper time for planting in your area , so if you do it now , you can forget about it until later .
[anyway/despite] of when you place your order , the nursery will ship the bulbs at the proper time for planting in your area , so if you do it now , you can forget about it until later .

Johnson , a Tennessee populist who thought blacks inferior to whites , wanted to give Southern states wide latitude in shaping their own laws and governments , regardless of the consequences for the freed slaves .
johnson , a tennessee populist who thought blacks inferior to whites , wanted to give southern states wide latitude in shaping their own laws and governments , [anyway/despite] of the consequences for the freed slaves .

Keeping alive a baby born in the 22 nd week costs several hundred thousand dollars and usually fails , regardless of the effort .
keeping alive a baby born in the 22 nd week costs several hundred thousand dollars and usually fails , [anyway/despite] of the effort .

This will occur regardless of the CWC 's fate .
this will occur [anyway/despite] of the cwc 's fate .

Parents have the same obligations to support their children regardless of whether they are , or ever were , married to each other .
parents have the same obligations to support their children [anyway/despite] of whether they are , or ever were , married to each other .

This time , the `` luxury '' threshold will probably be scaled back , while exempting anyone over 62 , regardless of income .
this time , the `` luxury '' threshold will probably be scaled back , while exempting anyone over 62 , [anyway/despite] of income .

Where the Times emphasized the elaborate support system the state has erected , the Post , while recognizing that aspect , emphasizes instead Wisconsin 's tendency to cut people off who 've demonstrated the most minimal ability to hold a job , regardless of whether they currently have one .
where the times emphasized the elaborate support system the state has erected , the post , while recognizing that aspect , emphasizes instead wisconsin 's tendency to cut people off who 've demonstrated the most minimal ability to hold a job , [anyway/despite] of whether they currently have one .

One explanation is that so many column-inches and so many reporters are instead assigned to `` hot '' stories regardless of their real import .
one explanation is that so many column-inches and so many reporters are instead assigned to `` hot '' stories [anyway/despite] of their real import .

USAT points out that regardless of the outcome , this is political death for a man once thought to be destined to be Mississippi 's first black governor .
usat points out that [anyway/despite] of the outcome , this is political death for a man once thought to be destined to be mississippi 's first black governor .

Sun Microsystems has developed a computer programming language named Java , designed so that programs written in it would run on any computer , regardless of the operating system .
sun microsystems has developed a computer programming language named java , designed so that programs written in it would run on any computer , [anyway/despite] of the operating system .

Both suppliers and consumers will gravitate toward , regardless of whether it is technically the best .
both suppliers and consumers will gravitate toward , [anyway/despite] of whether it is technically the best .

The piece notes two big problems with Amazon 's advertorial effort : 1 ) It makes readers wonder if the raved book is really good or just paid for ; 2 ) It puts books published by the generally more penurious independent houses at a competitive disadvantage , regardless of content .
the piece notes two big problems with amazon 's advertorial effort : 1 ) it makes readers wonder if the raved book is really good or just paid for ; 2 ) it puts books published by the generally more penurious independent houses at a competitive disadvantage , [anyway/despite] of content .

The country 's entrenched barter economy means that companies can press on regardless of customers ' ability to pay in cash .
the country 's entrenched barter economy means that companies can press on [anyway/despite] of customers ' ability to pay in cash .

Far , they 've pretty much opted to lead with the story whenever possible , regardless of whether or not anything has actually happened .
far , they 've pretty much opted to lead with the story whenever possible , [anyway/despite] of whether or not anything has actually happened .

Today , the paper 's front reports that the hospital has apologized to the mother and has promised the state of California that it 's instituting a policy of epidural anesthesia to women in labor on demand , regardless of their ability to pay .
today , the paper 's front reports that the hospital has apologized to the mother and has promised the state of california that it 's instituting a policy of epidural anesthesia to women in labor on demand , [anyway/despite] of their ability to pay .

At issue in the Times lead is the 1996 Kennedy-Kassebaum law , which guarantees people losing group health care coverage alternative access to individual policies regardless of any preexisting medical condition , and provides for uninterrupted coverage for those moving from one job to another .
at issue in the times lead is the 1996 kennedy-kassebaum law , which guarantees people losing group health care coverage alternative access to individual policies [anyway/despite] of any preexisting medical condition , and provides for uninterrupted coverage for those moving from one job to another .

There , as everywhere else , nothing can interfere with progress and , regardless of the finds and their importance , the archaeologist must eventually yield to the bulldozer .
there , as everywhere else , nothing can interfere with progress and , [anyway/despite] of the finds and their importance , the archaeologist must eventually yield to the bulldozer .

There is no gainsaying that Safire is one of the most influential writers on contemporary English , and it is essential that his books be in the libraries of all who are interested in the subject , regardless of their alignment with his opinions .
there is no gainsaying that safire is one of the most influential writers on contemporary english , and it is essential that his books be in the libraries of all who are interested in the subject , [anyway/despite] of their alignment with his opinions .

Regardless of anything to the contrary in this booklet , if your medical insurance terminates for any reason including death , you ... may elect within 30 days ... to continue such medical insurance ... . [ From Group Insurance for 1-14 Employees , Consolidated Group Trust , The Hartford , p .
[anyway/despite] of anything to the contrary in this booklet , if your medical insurance terminates for any reason including death , you ... may elect within 30 days ... to continue such medical insurance ... . [ from group insurance for 1-14 employees , consolidated group trust , the hartford , p .

The hybrids they denote may be mocked , denounced , enjoyed , or ignored by teachers , linguists , and the media , but regardless of censure or praise they just steamroller on .
the hybrids they denote may be mocked , denounced , enjoyed , or ignored by teachers , linguists , and the media , but [anyway/despite] of censure or praise they just steamroller on .

Regardless of how decorative English develops , it seems likely that a Japanese input into English -- whatever forms it takes -- will steadily increase in the twenty-first century , not stay the same or diminish .
[anyway/despite] of how decorative english develops , it seems likely that a japanese input into english -- whatever forms it takes -- will steadily increase in the twenty-first century , not stay the same or diminish .

Those who do not have to give a second thought to the idiomaticity of English word order can count themselves doubly blessed : the system does not yield readily to rules , as native speakers know from listening to the speech of foreigners who have not quite mastered it , regardless of how long they have been using the language .
those who do not have to give a second thought to the idiomaticity of english word order can count themselves doubly blessed : the system does not yield readily to rules , as native speakers know from listening to the speech of foreigners who have not quite mastered it , [anyway/despite] of how long they have been using the language .

Regardless of the color of his clothes , an e-man one regarded as a potential or actual escaper will be in pathches wearing clothes to which bright yellow patches have been sewn .
[anyway/despite] of the color of his clothes , an e-man one regarded as a potential or actual escaper will be in pathches wearing clothes to which bright yellow patches have been sewn .

Some of us will hold to an idea or concept regardless of the evidence ; others will change positions .
some of us will hold to an idea or concept [anyway/despite] of the evidence ; others will change positions .

The feeling , one assumes , is that broadcasting them , regardless of context , at times when children are listening , lends rude words a patina of approval that inures them to the corrosive atmosphere of taboo .
the feeling , one assumes , is that broadcasting them , [anyway/despite] of context , at times when children are listening , lends rude words a patina of approval that inures them to the corrosive atmosphere of taboo .

That , as we all know , is a forlorn hope ( to abuse a Dutch cliché ) : those who “ know ” that when two or more people or things are the subject of a verb you have to use were , not was , regardless of the context , are like those who “ know ” ( like the people at Elizabeth Arden ) that millennium is spelled with one n , who “ know ” that it is Parmagiana , not Parmigiana ( like the people at Burger King ) , and who have no doubt that baking soda , baking powder , washing soda , and ice-cream soda are all the same thing .
that , as we all know , is a forlorn hope ( to abuse a dutch cliché ) : those who “ know ” that when two or more people or things are the subject of a verb you have to use were , not was , [anyway/despite] of the context , are like those who “ know ” ( like the people at elizabeth arden ) that millennium is spelled with one n , who “ know ” that it is parmagiana , not parmigiana ( like the people at burger king ) , and who have no doubt that baking soda , baking powder , washing soda , and ice-cream soda are all the same thing .

That is , if you are going to say something about people , then avoid using the word man ( for example ) because , regardless of the ancillary definitions one might find in the dictionary , in its most common meaning and use it denotes ` male ' and the strong connotations of that denotation are carried over to all other applications of the word : it is not , in fact , as neutral as some believe it to be .
that is , if you are going to say something about people , then avoid using the word man ( for example ) because , [anyway/despite] of the ancillary definitions one might find in the dictionary , in its most common meaning and use it denotes ` male ' and the strong connotations of that denotation are carried over to all other applications of the word : it is not , in fact , as neutral as some believe it to be .

It is hard to imagine anyone , regardless of sex , enjoying being referred to as a Johnny-come-lately .
it is hard to imagine anyone , [anyway/despite] of sex , enjoying being referred to as a johnny-come-lately .

However , dropping umlauts is less forgivable than dropping accents , because accents describe pronunciation , and anyone who is familiar with the word will know how it is supposed to be pronounced , regardless of the accent .
however , dropping umlauts is less forgivable than dropping accents , because accents describe pronunciation , and anyone who is familiar with the word will know how it is supposed to be pronounced , [anyway/despite] of the accent .

Persons of a certain age learned by rote that eight furlongs make a mile , and since the 9th century , a furlong has described an eighth part of an English mile , regardless of its agricultural definition .
persons of a certain age learned by rote that eight furlongs make a mile , and since the 9th century , a furlong has described an eighth part of an english mile , [anyway/despite] of its agricultural definition .

Visible speech , regardless whether alphabetic or logographic , with all its faults and foibles , its inherent inconsistencies , inadequacies , and inaccuracies , it seems , is here to stay .
visible speech , [anyway/despite] whether alphabetic or logographic , with all its faults and foibles , its inherent inconsistencies , inadequacies , and inaccuracies , it seems , is here to stay .

Anything quaint found in New England is fair game , regardless of where else it may occur .
anything quaint found in new england is fair game , [anyway/despite] of where else it may occur .

Bloomsbury Dictionary of Names This is a well-written , though fairly standard alphabetically arranged reference book on given , or first , or , as they like to call them in Britain , regardless of the religion of their possessors , Christian names .
bloomsbury dictionary of names this is a well-written , though fairly standard alphabetically arranged reference book on given , or first , or , as they like to call them in britain , [anyway/despite] of the religion of their possessors , christian names .

Readers might disagree , but I felt that regardless is more , so to speak , in the public domain than an expression like tête-à-tête , which one might classify as an “ intellectualism ” and , certainly , a more pretentious term than get-together or meeting .
readers might disagree , but i felt that [anyway/despite] is more , so to speak , in the public domain than an expression like tête-à-tête , which one might classify as an “ intellectualism ” and , certainly , a more pretentious term than get-together or meeting .

Taking a detached view is more “ scientific ” or “ clinical , ” regardless of what the individual scholar might feel : one would scarcely expect a doctor , diagnosing a victim of some revolting affliction , to accuse the patient of having a “ disgusting disease. ” By the same token , the sober observer of language ought not allow his emotions to get in the way of his cool evaluation of the facts ( as he sees them ) , and a label like Illiterate has pejorative overtones and undertones inappropriate to the detached , scholarly view .
taking a detached view is more “ scientific ” or “ clinical , ” [anyway/despite] of what the individual scholar might feel : one would scarcely expect a doctor , diagnosing a victim of some revolting affliction , to accuse the patient of having a “ disgusting disease. ” by the same token , the sober observer of language ought not allow his emotions to get in the way of his cool evaluation of the facts ( as he sees them ) , and a label like illiterate has pejorative overtones and undertones inappropriate to the detached , scholarly view .

Regardless of anything to the contrary in this booklet , if your medical insurance terminates for any reason including death , you ... may elect within 30 days ... to continue such medical insurance ... [ From Group Insurance for 1-14 Employees , Consolidated Group Trust , The Hartford , p .
[anyway/despite] of anything to the contrary in this booklet , if your medical insurance terminates for any reason including death , you ... may elect within 30 days ... to continue such medical insurance ... [ from group insurance for 1-14 employees , consolidated group trust , the hartford , p .

I could go on ( and on ) with other criticisms , but the purpose of this essay is to review Herbert Morton 's book , not the MWIII , regardless of temptation .
i could go on ( and on ) with other criticisms , but the purpose of this essay is to review herbert morton 's book , not the mwiii , [anyway/despite] of temptation .

Lancôme has begun to market a line of cosmetics called Niosôme , which lexics ( opposite of dyslexics ) may read as Noisôme , a singularly unimaginative name for a product : it ranks with product names like Anusol ( regardless of its pronunciation in commercials ) .
lancôme has begun to market a line of cosmetics called niosôme , which lexics ( opposite of dyslexics ) may read as noisôme , a singularly unimaginative name for a product : it ranks with product names like anusol ( [anyway/despite] of its pronunciation in commercials ) .

He loved to communicate and was happy to charge headlong at the language and have a go regardless of the risk of mistakes -- an attitude which many people today might do well to learn from .
he loved to communicate and was happy to charge headlong at the language and have a go [anyway/despite] of the risk of mistakes -- an attitude which many people today might do well to learn from .

Listed below by consonant category are all the forms I have been able to find , regardless of their modern currency .
listed below by consonant category are all the forms i have been able to find , [anyway/despite] of their modern currency .

In short , I do not agree with Hook in all matters , regardless of the respect I have for his judgment and the quality of his writing .
in short , i do not agree with hook in all matters , [anyway/despite] of the respect i have for his judgment and the quality of his writing .

