Regarding Atlanta's new multi-million-dollar airport , the jury recommended `` that when the new management takes charge Jan. 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political influences '' .
[about] atlanta's new multi-million-dollar airport , the jury recommended `` that when the new management takes charge jan. 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political influences '' .

-- Your July 26 editorial regarding the position of Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy on prospective tax relief for DuPont stockholders is based on an erroneous statement of fact .
-- your july 26 editorial [about] the position of attorney general robert f. kennedy on prospective tax relief for dupont stockholders is based on an erroneous statement of fact .

Recent statements by well-known scientists regarding the destructive power of the newest nuclear bombs and the deadly fall-outs should be sufficient to still the voices of those who advocate nuclear warfare instead of negotiations .
recent statements by well-known scientists [about] the destructive power of the newest nuclear bombs and the deadly fall-outs should be sufficient to still the voices of those who advocate nuclear warfare instead of negotiations .

The new column by Maurice Stans regarding business scandals , is fair and accurate in most respects and his solution to the problem has some merit .
the new column by maurice stans [about] business scandals , is fair and accurate in most respects and his solution to the problem has some merit .

However , by comparing the TV snatches , two different radio station re-runs , and the censored Los Angeles Times version , I found that the radio stations had edited out questions ( ABC removed the one regarding Laos ) or even a paragraph out of the middle of the President's answer .
however , by comparing the tv snatches , two different radio station re-runs , and the censored los angeles times version , i found that the radio stations had edited out questions ( abc removed the one [about] laos ) or even a paragraph out of the middle of the president's answer .

He does what he can and may and must , without regarding himself as lord of the future or , on the other hand , as covered with guilt by accident or unforeseen consequences or by results he did not `` permit '' in the sense explained .
he does what he can and may and must , without [about] himself as lord of the future or , on the other hand , as covered with guilt by accident or unforeseen consequences or by results he did not `` permit '' in the sense explained .

Judgments are continually rendered regarding the potential buyers' income , educational level and above all , racial extraction ; ;
judgments are continually rendered [about] the potential buyers' income , educational level and above all , racial extraction ; ;

Many states have laws regulating the use of boat trailers and some have restrictions regarding the age of motor boat operators .
many states have laws regulating the use of boat trailers and some have restrictions [about] the age of motor boat operators .

County judges , commissioners , engineers , assessors , and others who have lived in the area for a long time may have valuable knowledge regarding the site or opinions to offer from their varied professional experiences .
county judges , commissioners , engineers , assessors , and others who have lived in the area for a long time may have valuable knowledge [about] the site or opinions to offer from their varied professional experiences .

Average consumer is becoming more sophisticated regarding product and advertising claims , partly because of widespread criticism of such assertions .
average consumer is becoming more sophisticated [about] product and advertising claims , partly because of widespread criticism of such assertions .

Since the days when their two thousand pairs of skis outnumbered those assembled anywhere else in the United States , the students have stopped regarding the Olympic Ski Team as another name for their own .
since the days when their two thousand pairs of skis outnumbered those assembled anywhere else in the united states , the students have stopped [about] the olympic ski team as another name for their own .

The company was impressed with some ideas of the danger from Carolina , and when Perier came over as governor in 1727 , he was given special instructions regarding the trade of the Mobile district .
the company was impressed with some ideas of the danger from carolina , and when perier came over as governor in 1727 , he was given special instructions [about] the trade of the mobile district .

`` For instance , regarding the fact that the Gross Committee issued two interim announcements to the press during its investigation .
`` for instance , [about] the fact that the gross committee issued two interim announcements to the press during its investigation .

In spite of Pickering Dodge's explicit instructions regarding variation of meals , the food did not seem the same as at home .
in spite of pickering dodge's explicit instructions [about] variation of meals , the food did not seem the same as at home .

predispositions regarding intelligence .
predispositions [about] intelligence .

Community decision makers must make up their minds whether a claim is acceptable to the larger community in terms of prevailing expectations regarding members of nation states .
community decision makers must make up their minds whether a claim is acceptable to the larger community in terms of prevailing expectations [about] members of nation states .

The decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the objectives pursued and the methods used are appropriate to public policy regarding cultural groups .
the decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the objectives pursued and the methods used are appropriate to public policy [about] cultural groups .

They involve similar uncertainties regarding the multiple identities of any number of non-Jewish groups .
they involve similar uncertainties [about] the multiple identities of any number of non-jewish groups .

Kluckhohn recently has summarized evidence regarding changes in values during a period of years , primarily 1935-1955 , but extending much farther back in some instances .
kluckhohn recently has summarized evidence [about] changes in values during a period of years , primarily 1935-1955 , but extending much farther back in some instances .

Such a situation regarding the Board of War could hardly have helped Morgan's chances for promotion when that matter came before the group later on .
such a situation [about] the board of war could hardly have helped morgan's chances for promotion when that matter came before the group later on .

Almost inevitably , the first result of this technological revolution was a reaction against the methods and in many cases the conclusions of the Oxford school of Stubbs , Freeman and ( particularly ) Green regarding the nature of the Anglo-Saxon conquest of Britain .
almost inevitably , the first result of this technological revolution was a reaction against the methods and in many cases the conclusions of the oxford school of stubbs , freeman and ( particularly ) green [about] the nature of the anglo-saxon conquest of britain .

Available evidence regarding the natural world , the course of history , and the varieties of human action were translated into imaginative designs or mythologies .
available evidence [about] the natural world , the course of history , and the varieties of human action were translated into imaginative designs or mythologies .

Although the laws of the various states , in general , specify the situs of property , i.e. , residence or domicile of the owner , or location of the property , the exceptions regarding boats , airplanes , mobile homes , etc. , seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper origination point for assessment .
although the laws of the various states , in general , specify the situs of property , i.e. , residence or domicile of the owner , or location of the property , the exceptions [about] boats , airplanes , mobile homes , etc. , seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper origination point for assessment .

Additional promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for Operation Turnkey , the new automated post office , and a conference with representatives of Brown University , Providence College , and University of Rhode Island , and eight electronics concerns regarding the inauguration of a training program for electronics personnel .
additional promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for operation turnkey , the new automated post office , and a conference with representatives of brown university , providence college , and university of rhode island , and eight electronics concerns [about] the inauguration of a training program for electronics personnel .

A review of practices in other states regarding fiscal uniformity is pertinent to this report .
a review of practices in other states [about] fiscal uniformity is pertinent to this report .

The two Governments will , upon the request of either of them , consult regarding any matter relating to the application of this Agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this Agreement .
the two governments will , upon the request of either of them , consult [about] any matter relating to the application of this agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this agreement .

We stressed the reciprocal relation of these systems with respect to the autonomic-somatic downward discharge as well as regarding the hypothalamic-cortical discharge .
we stressed the reciprocal relation of these systems with respect to the autonomic-somatic downward discharge as well as [about] the hypothalamic-cortical discharge .

Even in the United States , with its freedom of religious belief and worship and its vast denominational differentiation , there is a general consensus regarding the basic Christian values .
even in the united states , with its freedom of religious belief and worship and its vast denominational differentiation , there is a general consensus [about] the basic christian values .

for example , those regarding material objects and pragmatic ends .
for example , those [about] material objects and pragmatic ends .

( 2 ) displacement of state law by federal law in state courts in all actions regarding collective bargaining agreements ; ;
( 2 ) displacement of state law by federal law in state courts in all actions [about] collective bargaining agreements ; ;

The questionnaire was designed to elicit three types of information : ( 1 ) the facts regarding certain characteristics of the respondents , including their experience with , and interest in , securing defense business ; ;
the questionnaire was designed to elicit three types of information : ( 1 ) the facts [about] certain characteristics of the respondents , including their experience with , and interest in , securing defense business ; ;

Respondents' opinions regarding advertised bidding ( Part E of the questionnaire ) 6 .
respondents' opinions [about] advertised bidding ( part e of the questionnaire ) 6 .

Respondents' opinions regarding negotiated bidding ( Part F of the questionnaire ) 7 .
respondents' opinions [about] negotiated bidding ( part f of the questionnaire ) 7 .

Respondents' preferences regarding the methods of awarding defense contracts ( Part G of the questionnaire )
respondents' preferences [about] the methods of awarding defense contracts ( part g of the questionnaire )

Normally , because agricultural labor is not covered by unemployment insurance , we would not expect any issues to arise regarding benefit payments under the trade dispute provision of the Unemployment Insurance Code , although such a situation is quite within the realm of possibility .
normally , because agricultural labor is not covered by unemployment insurance , we would not expect any issues to arise [about] benefit payments under the trade dispute provision of the unemployment insurance code , although such a situation is quite within the realm of possibility .

Since the company under review is supplying what we are here regarding as only one kind of service , we might suppose that the problem of total cost apportionment would be very simple ; ;
since the company under review is supplying what we are here [about] as only one kind of service , we might suppose that the problem of total cost apportionment would be very simple ; ;

Additional restrictions regarding the use of continuation cards with macro-instructions appear on page 106 .
additional restrictions [about] the use of continuation cards with macro-instructions appear on page 106 .

He had gone into the Japanese navy , had been trained as an officer , had participated in one or two battles -- he never went into detail regarding his military experience -- and at the age of twenty-five , quite as a bolt out of the blue , he had walked into the mission as if he belonged here and had become a Christian .
he had gone into the japanese navy , had been trained as an officer , had participated in one or two battles -- he never went into detail [about] his military experience -- and at the age of twenty-five , quite as a bolt out of the blue , he had walked into the mission as if he belonged here and had become a christian .

Bake and Shirl Winter , on separate telephones , could not reach him at any conceivable location in Los Angeles , nor could they secure any clear-cut information regarding his efforts .
bake and shirl winter , on separate telephones , could not reach him at any conceivable location in los angeles , nor could they secure any clear-cut information [about] his efforts .

One species is restricted to statements which are neither explicit nor precise regarding a particular person , place , time or thing .
one species is restricted to statements which are neither explicit nor precise [about] a particular person , place , time or thing .

Gloucestershire Social Services department , which will be responsible for overseeing the private school , say if new pupils are enrolled the school will be subject to detailed inspections regarding the welfare of the children .
gloucestershire social services department , which will be responsible for overseeing the private school , say if new pupils are enrolled the school will be subject to detailed inspections [about] the welfare of the children .

Have you seen that thing Regarding Henry ?
have you seen that thing [about] henry ?

My policy regarding Morecambe is this , people come into Morecambe as a private individual like yourself , like me , like my family and we come in here to accept Morecambe as it is
my policy [about] morecambe is this , people come into morecambe as a private individual like yourself , like me , like my family and we come in here to accept morecambe as it is

Anyhow , whatever it was , maybe a little , as Jan says , he also had a f a bad flu bug at a bad time anyhow he crashed out of the computer science course and he announced that he was only regarding the computer science course as being a stepping stone to being a teacher so the sensible thing to do would be to go on to the teacher training course at Lancashire , an education course , cos that 's what he wanted to do .
anyhow , whatever it was , maybe a little , as jan says , he also had a f a bad flu bug at a bad time anyhow he crashed out of the computer science course and he announced that he was only [about] the computer science course as being a stepping stone to being a teacher so the sensible thing to do would be to go on to the teacher training course at lancashire , an education course , cos that 's what he wanted to do .

regarding a fire it 's no good whatsoever , he says your trouble you 're not getting a draught from your
[about] a fire it 's no good whatsoever , he says your trouble you 're not getting a draught from your

Mr McNulty said : ‘ We have it in mind to create between 27 and 40 local committees through which elected members , in consultation with community representatives , would take the critical decisions regarding service delivery covering particular localities . ’
mr mcnulty said : ‘ we have it in mind to create between 27 and 40 local committees through which elected members , in consultation with community representatives , would take the critical decisions [about] service delivery covering particular localities . ’

The leaflet explains how the Revenue would carry out an investigation in its local tax offices , detailing provisions regarding such matters as confidentiality and professional representation .
the leaflet explains how the revenue would carry out an investigation in its local tax offices , detailing provisions [about] such matters as confidentiality and professional representation .

There has been no announcement regarding Europe and none is expected .
there has been no announcement [about] europe and none is expected .

Your report ( 4 March ) regarding the proposed housing and golf course development at Archerfield , East Lothian , may have given a misleading impression of the current situation .
your report ( 4 march ) [about] the proposed housing and golf course development at archerfield , east lothian , may have given a misleading impression of the current situation .

Last night the Scottish Office said that the Government was far from complacent regarding a fundamental review of the criminal justice system .
last night the scottish office said that the government was far from complacent [about] a fundamental review of the criminal justice system .

‘ One occasionally sees a comment regarding cut-rate estate agency prices ; however , this is usually for a reason , either buying business or desperation .
‘ one occasionally sees a comment [about] cut-rate estate agency prices ; however , this is usually for a reason , either buying business or desperation .

Regarding the possible capital value of quota , Mr Mitchell commented : ‘ All the banks and the Department of Agriculture say that there is no capital value attached to quota but the message of today is that they are wrong . ’
[about] the possible capital value of quota , mr mitchell commented : ‘ all the banks and the department of agriculture say that there is no capital value attached to quota but the message of today is that they are wrong . ’

But Alan Docherty , a transport officer with Darlington Borough Council , said no final decision has yet been taken regarding a location for new bus stops .
but alan docherty , a transport officer with darlington borough council , said no final decision has yet been taken [about] a location for new bus stops .

The developers have already demonstrated their disregard both for the environment and for planning regulations by commencing landscaping and tree-felling operations before the planning application was approved Both the Durham Wildlife Trust and English Nature have expressed concerns regarding the future of this woodland , but have been ignored .
the developers have already demonstrated their disregard both for the environment and for planning regulations by commencing landscaping and tree-felling operations before the planning application was approved both the durham wildlife trust and english nature have expressed concerns [about] the future of this woodland , but have been ignored .

Brazauskas adopted a more cautious line regarding the too rapid dismantling of state industries , although he still emphasised that privatisation needed to be speeded up .
brazauskas adopted a more cautious line [about] the too rapid dismantling of state industries , although he still emphasised that privatisation needed to be speeded up .

Regarding Webb , who quit Southend last season , Bates said : ‘ He takes over immediately , initially on a three-month appointment until the end of the season .
[about] webb , who quit southend last season , bates said : ‘ he takes over immediately , initially on a three-month appointment until the end of the season .

Hammocks were comfortable , secure and private Iain MacLaren 's letter ( Points of View , 20 February ) about his experiences as a National Service army medical officer will no doubt bring a flood of memories back to many readers regarding those ‘ halcyon days ’ when they served Queen , or King and country .
hammocks were comfortable , secure and private iain maclaren 's letter ( points of view , 20 february ) about his experiences as a national service army medical officer will no doubt bring a flood of memories back to many readers [about] those ‘ halcyon days ’ when they served queen , or king and country .

James Ferman , director of the British Board of Film Classification , says : ‘ We are one of the most censorious countries in the world regarding violence .
james ferman , director of the british board of film classification , says : ‘ we are one of the most censorious countries in the world [about] violence .

Regarding the objection to the closure of Loraine Crescent/Hammond Drive , Lakeside and Coleridge Gardens are the two main exit/entrance points anyway .
[about] the objection to the closure of loraine crescent/hammond drive , lakeside and coleridge gardens are the two main exit/entrance points anyway .

Regarding your editorial today , ‘ Holy bat-poo ’ , first , bats are not ‘ dirty little flying mice ’ .
[about] your editorial today , ‘ holy bat-poo ’ , first , bats are not ‘ dirty little flying mice ’ .

Resident spokesman Richard Hazlehurst said : ‘ This plan has caused a lot of concern regarding the amount of recreational space provided in the area .
resident spokesman richard hazlehurst said : ‘ this plan has caused a lot of concern [about] the amount of recreational space provided in the area .

‘ Business people can now access the database for a range of information regarding companies and products .
‘ business people can now access the database for a range of information [about] companies and products .

They were anxious to get a definite indication from the player regarding his future , but are now content to wait for Connolly 's decision .
they were anxious to get a definite indication from the player [about] his future , but are now content to wait for connolly 's decision .

Liberal Democrat leader Paddy Ashdown headed the Gallup ratings , with 73pc regarding him as sincere , following by Labour leader John Smith at 58pc .
liberal democrat leader paddy ashdown headed the gallup ratings , with 73pc [about] him as sincere , following by labour leader john smith at 58pc .

is officially our Membership Secretary and will be in the Office on Tuesdays whenever possible — so if you have any enquiries regarding membership this will be the best day to contact .
is officially our membership secretary and will be in the office on tuesdays whenever possible — so if you have any enquiries [about] membership this will be the best day to contact .

It was recognised that in the meantime there would be a number of informal meetings regarding the Partner-in-Residence .
it was recognised that in the meantime there would be a number of informal meetings [about] the partner-in-residence .

Three of them had kin along this border , and had spent the patient weeks just past in picking the brains of their cousins regarding the habits of the household of Parfois .
three of them had kin along this border , and had spent the patient weeks just past in picking the brains of their cousins [about] the habits of the household of parfois .

She was regarding the Prince with the faintest and saddest of smiles , in which he thought he could read affection and indulgence , and surely also a soft , secret gleam of derision .
she was [about] the prince with the faintest and saddest of smiles , in which he thought he could read affection and indulgence , and surely also a soft , secret gleam of derision .

The old man was regarding him as if he were a strange species behind bars .
the old man was [about] him as if he were a strange species behind bars .

Mr Coyne said : ‘ We will be expressing our great concern regarding benefits and the rumoured cuts in disability benefit .
mr coyne said : ‘ we will be expressing our great concern [about] benefits and the rumoured cuts in disability benefit .

Regarding Woodhouse Close are the readers aware that the deal involves a housing association which will take over in excess of 150 of these properties ?
[about] woodhouse close are the readers aware that the deal involves a housing association which will take over in excess of 150 of these properties ?

But the Service will allow her time off and she is prepared to make her own arrangements regarding food and accommodation .
but the service will allow her time off and she is prepared to make her own arrangements [about] food and accommodation .

Yesterday 's meeting offered options regarding what should be done with the Rivers in the long term .
yesterday 's meeting offered options [about] what should be done with the rivers in the long term .

‘ It is now up to Forest to complete the business situation regarding my transfer . ’
‘ it is now up to forest to complete the business situation [about] my transfer . ’

But they are not investigating matters regarding Oxford United , Derby County and Mr Webb .
but they are not investigating matters [about] oxford united , derby county and mr webb .

‘ It stated that supporters who bought tickets for the Latvia game at our office could register for a similar amount regarding the Republic 's visit .
‘ it stated that supporters who bought tickets for the latvia game at our office could register for a similar amount [about] the republic 's visit .

There is no longer any need for you to stick your head in the sand regarding financial matters , come out and take a look at the world around you .
there is no longer any need for you to stick your head in the sand [about] financial matters , come out and take a look at the world around you .

As staff at our branch do not wear jewellery , there were lots of angry comments regarding the member of staff on the front of the March issue wearing a necklace .
as staff at our branch do not wear jewellery , there were lots of angry comments [about] the member of staff on the front of the march issue wearing a necklace .

Our customers appear quite happy with the rules regarding redemption of credit vouchers , but in exceptional cases , where the customer might have difficulty using the credit vouchers , some alternative means of reimbursement will be found .
our customers appear quite happy with the rules [about] redemption of credit vouchers , but in exceptional cases , where the customer might have difficulty using the credit vouchers , some alternative means of reimbursement will be found .

Mr Waite added : ‘ Because of the volatile complexity of the situation it is hardly surprising that rumours continue to circulate regarding individuals who were alleged to be connected with the hostages .
mr waite added : ‘ because of the volatile complexity of the situation it is hardly surprising that rumours continue to circulate [about] individuals who were alleged to be connected with the hostages .

Mr Waite added : ‘ Because of the volatile complexity of the situation it is hardly surprising that rumours continue to circulate regarding individuals who were alleged to be connected with the hostages .
mr waite added : ‘ because of the volatile complexity of the situation it is hardly surprising that rumours continue to circulate [about] individuals who were alleged to be connected with the hostages .

The training , involving all personnel , revolves around changing attitudes to work situations and regarding each member of the workforce as both a customer and a supplier .
the training , involving all personnel , revolves around changing attitudes to work situations and [about] each member of the workforce as both a customer and a supplier .

In the permanent income hypothesis , Friedman makes a series of assumptions regarding the statistical relationships that exist between permanent and transitory consumption , permanent and transitory income and transitory income and consumption .
in the permanent income hypothesis , friedman makes a series of assumptions [about] the statistical relationships that exist between permanent and transitory consumption , permanent and transitory income and transitory income and consumption .

Regarding reflection at the end of a transmission line , naturally the ratio of the potential difference of the immediate reflected wave to that of the incident wave is called the reflection coefficient .
[about] reflection at the end of a transmission line , naturally the ratio of the potential difference of the immediate reflected wave to that of the incident wave is called the reflection coefficient .

The critical condition regarding stability is embodied in Nyquist 's criterion .
the critical condition [about] stability is embodied in nyquist 's criterion .

Before obtaining an expression for the continuous frequency spectrum corresponding to a nonperiodic signal , it is helpful to reformulate the theory of the previous section regarding the Fourier spectrum of a periodic signal in terms of complex exponential functions .
before obtaining an expression for the continuous frequency spectrum corresponding to a nonperiodic signal , it is helpful to reformulate the theory of the previous section [about] the fourier spectrum of a periodic signal in terms of complex exponential functions .

It is easy for him in his academic ivory tower to slam the door in the faces of most men , who , like most women , are good , nurturing , sensitive people . Could he perhaps tell me whether , in the light of statistics regarding child abuse in the home , parents , too , should be banned ?
it is easy for him in his academic ivory tower to slam the door in the faces of most men , who , like most women , are good , nurturing , sensitive people . could he perhaps tell me whether , in the light of statistics [about] child abuse in the home , parents , too , should be banned ?

For trade selling , the Retail Directory provides information regarding potential customers , organized by various types of retail outlet .
for trade selling , the retail directory provides information [about] potential customers , organized by various types of retail outlet .

Test market activity by competition , news of imminent product launches , rumours of policy changes on the part of trade and industrial customers , competitors , and feedback on company achievement regarding product performance , delivery and after-sales service are just some of the kinds of information which may be useful to management .
test market activity by competition , news of imminent product launches , rumours of policy changes on the part of trade and industrial customers , competitors , and feedback on company achievement [about] product performance , delivery and after-sales service are just some of the kinds of information which may be useful to management .

book , you are asked to read a chapter there and it 's er full of er advice regarding television
book , you are asked to read a chapter there and it 's er full of er advice [about] television

erm , you know in the sense of regarding the country as home
erm , you know in the sense of [about] the country as home

‘ Peter was responsible about fulfilling his obligations regarding contracts and so on , which was about six weeks , and that was it .
‘ peter was responsible about fulfilling his obligations [about] contracts and so on , which was about six weeks , and that was it .

Regarding the question of pole pieces , there should be little or no difference in performance between pickups ( of identical specification ) fitted with Allen head screws , compared to those fitted with slot head screws .
[about] the question of pole pieces , there should be little or no difference in performance between pickups ( of identical specification ) fitted with allen head screws , compared to those fitted with slot head screws .

Kaohsiung operates a system whereby employees can offer operational advice regarding improvements to production methods .
kaohsiung operates a system whereby employees can offer operational advice [about] improvements to production methods .

Regarding the use of different tunings , problems would only occur if the tunings are extreme in nature , which might require some sort of compromise truss rod setting to minimise fret buzz .
[about] the use of different tunings , problems would only occur if the tunings are extreme in nature , which might require some sort of compromise truss rod setting to minimise fret buzz .

→ Thanks for being this month 's voice of sanity , Dick , and for your comments regarding the magazine .
→ thanks for being this month 's voice of sanity , dick , and for your comments [about] the magazine .

As long as these strictures regarding water are taken into account , then A.agassizii is an ideal dwarf cichlid for the well-planted community aquarium .
as long as these strictures [about] water are taken into account , then a.agassizii is an ideal dwarf cichlid for the well-planted community aquarium .

Pauline Singleton wrote to me regarding her success on the Hip and Thigh Diet .
pauline singleton wrote to me [about] her success on the hip and thigh diet .

Such was the case regarding my addiction to designing microprocessor controlled circuits .
such was the case [about] my addiction to designing microprocessor controlled circuits .

There are no hard and fast rules regarding the best way of drafting out a rough layout , and you may wish to use tracing paper for both the parts arrangement and the copper track layout .
there are no hard and fast rules [about] the best way of drafting out a rough layout , and you may wish to use tracing paper for both the parts arrangement and the copper track layout .

But his claim to be able to represent the three major philosophical schools of the Vedānta does not prevent him from regarding Truth ( Satya ) as the most correct and most fully significant term that could be used for God .
but his claim to be able to represent the three major philosophical schools of the vedānta does not prevent him from [about] truth ( satya ) as the most correct and most fully significant term that could be used for god .

Haksar 's argument that no violation of moral duty is involved in the practice of satyāgraha as distinct from the threat of coercion , however , fails to take into consideration the difficulties involved in regarding morality as an infallible guide to conduct or an absolute rule .
haksar 's argument that no violation of moral duty is involved in the practice of satyāgraha as distinct from the threat of coercion , however , fails to take into consideration the difficulties involved in [about] morality as an infallible guide to conduct or an absolute rule .

So , from this month on , if purchasers or dealers have any queries regarding the legalities of any situation relating to a particular sale , they can write to Chris Roan here at Guitarist .
so , from this month on , if purchasers or dealers have any queries [about] the legalities of any situation relating to a particular sale , they can write to chris roan here at guitarist .

The men drew to a halt , removed their hats and caps but stood regarding him in silence .
the men drew to a halt , removed their hats and caps but stood [about] him in silence .

Jonna hesitated and took a sip of his tea , regarding his father warily over the rim of the mug .
jonna hesitated and took a sip of his tea , [about] his father warily over the rim of the mug .

He embraced the moral grandeur of it with enthusiasm , and to his dying day aspired to nothing more than Indian membership of the British empire as an equal partner , regarding independence in isolation as a perhaps politically expedient but regrettable alternative .
he embraced the moral grandeur of it with enthusiasm , and to his dying day aspired to nothing more than indian membership of the british empire as an equal partner , [about] independence in isolation as a perhaps politically expedient but regrettable alternative .

Let's continue this look at the marine aquarium scene by looking at the latest thinking regarding the nutritional requirements of marine fish .
let's continue this look at the marine aquarium scene by looking at the latest thinking [about] the nutritional requirements of marine fish .

Please would you advise me regarding my marine tank , which is fairly new .
please would you advise me [about] my marine tank , which is fairly new .

In 1985 , Paul founded his own company in order to develop his own ideas regarding how a high-end valve amp should look and sound .
in 1985 , paul founded his own company in order to develop his own ideas [about] how a high-end valve amp should look and sound .

Regarding the letter in August requesting sounds for multi-effect processors .
[about] the letter in august requesting sounds for multi-effect processors .

Public aquariums are a good source of information regarding the status of captive breeding of invertebrates .
public aquariums are a good source of information [about] the status of captive breeding of invertebrates .

For advice regarding clinical grading see chapter 2 .
for advice [about] clinical grading see chapter 2 .

At the time of writing there is no central source or register of information regarding re-entry programmes .
at the time of writing there is no central source or register of information [about] re-entry programmes .

Will you be offered a contract of employment while attending the course , and what is your position regarding professional indemnity insurance while undertaking clinical practice allocations ?
will you be offered a contract of employment while attending the course , and what is your position [about] professional indemnity insurance while undertaking clinical practice allocations ?

‘ Regarding my love for Soon-Yi — it 's real and happily all true , ’ he admitted .
‘ [about] my love for soon-yi — it 's real and happily all true , ’ he admitted .

This does not mean that nuclear use is permitted under the laws of war , for the fundamental principles regarding such matters as protection of non-combatants remain .
this does not mean that nuclear use is permitted under the laws of war , for the fundamental principles [about] such matters as protection of non-combatants remain .

My suggestion is that impartiality of one type or another and perhaps other qualities of decision-makers might be the basis for regarding the law as a locus of moral authority .
my suggestion is that impartiality of one type or another and perhaps other qualities of decision-makers might be the basis for [about] the law as a locus of moral authority .

Although the Peace Tax Campaign has so far eschewed the use of extra-constitutional forms of dissent , confining itself for the most part to orthodox expressions of protest such as parliamentary lobbying and legal action in the courts , the failure of conventional forms of political protest to influence the prevailing defence strategy/taxation policy could have important implications regarding the future choice of tactics to be used .
although the peace tax campaign has so far eschewed the use of extra-constitutional forms of dissent , confining itself for the most part to orthodox expressions of protest such as parliamentary lobbying and legal action in the courts , the failure of conventional forms of political protest to influence the prevailing defence strategy/taxation policy could have important implications [about] the future choice of tactics to be used .

In all your efforts to help her at this crucial time the most important thing to remember is to try to reduce her anxiety by being as relaxed and quietly optimistic about her future as you can , and to restrain her from making any major decisions hastily , regarding such matters as the disposal of property or moving house , as she may regret this later on when she is feeling less depressed .
in all your efforts to help her at this crucial time the most important thing to remember is to try to reduce her anxiety by being as relaxed and quietly optimistic about her future as you can , and to restrain her from making any major decisions hastily , [about] such matters as the disposal of property or moving house , as she may regret this later on when she is feeling less depressed .

‘ Did Dominic ever make any comments regarding Toby to you ? ’
‘ did dominic ever make any comments [about] toby to you ? ’

She stood regarding him with a serious intensity as he let in the clutch and turned the car and he had the impression that she was watching critically to see how he handled it .
she stood [about] him with a serious intensity as he let in the clutch and turned the car and he had the impression that she was watching critically to see how he handled it .

It dominated the room so that he and Alice Mair stood for a moment , silently regarding it .
it dominated the room so that he and alice mair stood for a moment , silently [about] it .

‘ Last month you were given access to highly confidential details regarding our plans for designs for 1956–7 .
‘ last month you were given access to highly confidential details [about] our plans for designs for 1956–7 .

It was there , about two weeks later , when he forced himself to look at Isobel 's correspondence , that he found the letter from her gynaecologist , with the recommendations she had requested regarding maternity clinics .
it was there , about two weeks later , when he forced himself to look at isobel 's correspondence , that he found the letter from her gynaecologist , with the recommendations she had requested [about] maternity clinics .

Sir , — In the past few months we have heard much regarding possible reforms in the working of parliament .
sir , — in the past few months we have heard much [about] possible reforms in the working of parliament .

Now , bearing in mind all that has been said regarding the emotional influence of colour , the rhythm of pattern and the energy of texture , create two paintings which are totally opposite in mood and atmosphere .
now , bearing in mind all that has been said [about] the emotional influence of colour , the rhythm of pattern and the energy of texture , create two paintings which are totally opposite in mood and atmosphere .

Secondly , there was very considerable diversity of view as to what the ‘ essential elements ’ of the curriculum should be , many authorities regarding such matters as being the concern of the schools themselves .
secondly , there was very considerable diversity of view as to what the ‘ essential elements ’ of the curriculum should be , many authorities [about] such matters as being the concern of the schools themselves .

However , the absence of empirical evidence regarding the outcome and effectiveness of treatment ( Mrazek , 1983 ) together with various methodological limitations in the design and analysis of selected programmes should again not be overlooked ( Conte , 1984 ; Finkelhor , 1986 ) .
however , the absence of empirical evidence [about] the outcome and effectiveness of treatment ( mrazek , 1983 ) together with various methodological limitations in the design and analysis of selected programmes should again not be overlooked ( conte , 1984 ; finkelhor , 1986 ) .

The usual rule regarding magic items is that only one item of a specific type can be included .
the usual rule [about] magic items is that only one item of a specific type can be included .

Not unnaturally there is considerable sensitivity amongst flight crews regarding the use , and particularly the publication of transcriptions of CVRs recovered from crashed aircraft .
not unnaturally there is considerable sensitivity amongst flight crews [about] the use , and particularly the publication of transcriptions of cvrs recovered from crashed aircraft .

If we are right in regarding it as the single most important area in which independence is prized and which also causes major distress for carers , it seems clear that it should be a priority in health and social services provision .
if we are right in [about] it as the single most important area in which independence is prized and which also causes major distress for carers , it seems clear that it should be a priority in health and social services provision .

In discussing the stages in the manufacture of the Kentish disc brooches considerable detail was omitted because of uncertainties regarding the actual methods of jewellery manufacture at the time .
in discussing the stages in the manufacture of the kentish disc brooches considerable detail was omitted because of uncertainties [about] the actual methods of jewellery manufacture at the time .

Much of the debate , particularly in Sweden , regarding the methods of manufacture of such metalwork stems from minor variations among moulds for the same design .
much of the debate , particularly in sweden , [about] the methods of manufacture of such metalwork stems from minor variations among moulds for the same design .

Workshops may have existed , as Dickinson suggests , from the later sixth century , but this need not affect any argument regarding the method of manufacture .
workshops may have existed , as dickinson suggests , from the later sixth century , but this need not affect any argument [about] the method of manufacture .

Your pharmacist or doctor will be able to offer advice and reassurance regarding the treatments available for threadworm .
your pharmacist or doctor will be able to offer advice and reassurance [about] the treatments available for threadworm .

To pretend otherwise is to fall too easily into the trap of regarding the act of writing as ‘ self-expression ’ .
to pretend otherwise is to fall too easily into the trap of [about] the act of writing as ‘ self-expression ’ .

Some designs are far better than others regarding the linkages associated with this control .
some designs are far better than others [about] the linkages associated with this control .

He mentioned the regulations regarding the blackout and the carrying of gas-masks , and Mr Thatcher , the tall ginger-haired father of the twin girls and their dark-haired sister , spoke about the procedure of action during an air raid .
he mentioned the regulations [about] the blackout and the carrying of gas-masks , and mr thatcher , the tall ginger-haired father of the twin girls and their dark-haired sister , spoke about the procedure of action during an air raid .

Carrie would put in a bit of news regarding how the war was affecting the supply of sweets .
carrie would put in a bit of news [about] how the war was affecting the supply of sweets .

Re Mathew Evans ' nauseating letter regarding Morrissey 's Finsbury Park cop-out .
re mathew evans ' nauseating letter [about] morrissey 's finsbury park cop-out .

Following the News Focus ‘ Private worries ’ ( October 21 ) , we feel it is important to challenge some of the claims made by Tom Osborne regarding the care of critically ill patients within the private health-care sector .
following the news focus ‘ private worries ’ ( october 21 ) , we feel it is important to challenge some of the claims made by tom osborne [about] the care of critically ill patients within the private health-care sector .

The interesting Occasional Paper by Russell Ashmore regarding the use of Section 5 ( 4 ) ( August 26 ) refers to patients remaining in psychiatric institutions , and is a most welcome piece of research work .
the interesting occasional paper by russell ashmore [about] the use of section 5 ( 4 ) ( august 26 ) refers to patients remaining in psychiatric institutions , and is a most welcome piece of research work .

First , because insisting on positive images spells creative death : think of those tedious post-1980s guilt movies such as Regarding Henry and The Doctor , featuring dull-witted professionals gradually realising that Greed is Bad .
first , because insisting on positive images spells creative death : think of those tedious post-1980s guilt movies such as [about] henry and the doctor , featuring dull-witted professionals gradually realising that greed is bad .

The questions regarding us as citizens have been about the likely impact of ‘ the wired society ’ on such matters as individual privacy ; the distribution of income , wealth , and power within any one society ; and relations between developed countries and the Third World .
the questions [about] us as citizens have been about the likely impact of ‘ the wired society ’ on such matters as individual privacy ; the distribution of income , wealth , and power within any one society ; and relations between developed countries and the third world .

Socio-economic conditions of the present situation , regarding shortage of natural resources , limitation of mass markets , and slow growth .
socio-economic conditions of the present situation , [about] shortage of natural resources , limitation of mass markets , and slow growth .

The families received no explanations , and received no written information regarding the procedures or the law .
the families received no explanations , and received no written information [about] the procedures or the law .

The Kilbrandon Committee recommended that individual decisions should be made regarding the best measures for dealing with each child , and that these should be made separately from decisions about guilt or innocence .
the kilbrandon committee recommended that individual decisions should be made [about] the best measures for dealing with each child , and that these should be made separately from decisions about guilt or innocence .

There would be no change in the common law regarding the responsibilities of the Lord Advocate .
there would be no change in the common law [about] the responsibilities of the lord advocate .

The Reporter should not direct the Panel regarding their decisions .
the reporter should not direct the panel [about] their decisions .

If each family was to have the services of a senior and a junior counsel , the costs would be enormous , and at that stage no one knew what the position would be regarding the question of Legal Aid .
if each family was to have the services of a senior and a junior counsel , the costs would be enormous , and at that stage no one knew what the position would be [about] the question of legal aid .

Departments in Fife , Aberdeen , Strathclyde , Shetland and Dumfries and Galloway have all been subject to criticism and controversy regarding their handling of child care and protection during and since the late 1980s .
departments in fife , aberdeen , strathclyde , shetland and dumfries and galloway have all been subject to criticism and controversy [about] their handling of child care and protection during and since the late 1980s .

The ancient Spartan cult paid Eros great homage , regarding him as a great creative force in men 's lives , the builder of dynasties and the establisher of friendships , as well as the creator of sexual desire .
the ancient spartan cult paid eros great homage , [about] him as a great creative force in men 's lives , the builder of dynasties and the establisher of friendships , as well as the creator of sexual desire .

The church was designed by Mr Henry Veitch and , according to the stipulations of Portuguese law at that time regarding Protestant places of worship , did not look like a church and had no bells .
the church was designed by mr henry veitch and , according to the stipulations of portuguese law at that time [about] protestant places of worship , did not look like a church and had no bells .

They massacred the Filipinos , regarding them as little better than dogs .
they massacred the filipinos , [about] them as little better than dogs .

And , just in case anyone wanted a Regarding Henry message , he threw in one of those as well : do n't be a workaholic yuppie asshole , do n't lose sight of the child inside you , and do n't miss any of your son 's Little League matches .
and , just in case anyone wanted a [about] henry message , he threw in one of those as well : do n't be a workaholic yuppie asshole , do n't lose sight of the child inside you , and do n't miss any of your son 's little league matches .

Themselves , they learned the Countess 's attitudes and intentions regarding Dunbar Castle .
themselves , they learned the countess 's attitudes and intentions [about] dunbar castle .

In my judgment the present crisis is above all a crisis regarding the legitimacy of the system itself .
in my judgment the present crisis is above all a crisis [about] the legitimacy of the system itself .

In the market system therefore competitive prices embody information which people can use to make their decisions regarding what to produce , where to work and which skills to develop .
in the market system therefore competitive prices embody information which people can use to make their decisions [about] what to produce , where to work and which skills to develop .

It is not too strong to say that it is impossible to test Marx 's thesis regarding the labour theory of value at a micro-economic level because Marx and Marxists have totally disregarded any element of profit which may result from risk-taking .
it is not too strong to say that it is impossible to test marx 's thesis [about] the labour theory of value at a micro-economic level because marx and marxists have totally disregarded any element of profit which may result from risk-taking .

For example , he quotes a report to the Children 's Employment Commissioners regarding the potteries of Staffordshire :
for example , he quotes a report to the children 's employment commissioners [about] the potteries of staffordshire :

It requires the abolition of trade union immunities , the ending of legal protection for the ‘ closed shop ’ , the introduction of legally enforceable collective agreements , the sequestration of trade union funds in cases in which secret ballots have not been held in support of strike action , and the provision by trade unions of greater information regarding their financial affairs .
it requires the abolition of trade union immunities , the ending of legal protection for the ‘ closed shop ’ , the introduction of legally enforceable collective agreements , the sequestration of trade union funds in cases in which secret ballots have not been held in support of strike action , and the provision by trade unions of greater information [about] their financial affairs .

Despite the lack of a formal assurance from Jack Robinson 's boss regarding the use of a Liverpool firm to effect the Belfast delivery , both Adam Swannson and Jack Robinson agreed this delivery could be subcontracted out .
despite the lack of a formal assurance from jack robinson 's boss [about] the use of a liverpool firm to effect the belfast delivery , both adam swannson and jack robinson agreed this delivery could be subcontracted out .

This question echoes those regarding sustainable development raised by the opponents of gold mining in the west of Ireland and by opponents of Merrell Dow in east Cork .
this question echoes those [about] sustainable development raised by the opponents of gold mining in the west of ireland and by opponents of merrell dow in east cork .

John Lamprey was regarding him quizzically .
john lamprey was [about] him quizzically .

He was given to fits of violent enthusiasm and subsequent fits of gloom ; nobody knew what to predict regarding him .
he was given to fits of violent enthusiasm and subsequent fits of gloom ; nobody knew what to predict [about] him .

This was especially so regarding endowed perpetuity masses .
this was especially so [about] endowed perpetuity masses .

Regarding the bladder and rectum , Hunter was especially precise : ‘ Instead of being only 10 minutes about this Process you must be ½ an Hour to an Hour about it .
[about] the bladder and rectum , hunter was especially precise : ‘ instead of being only 10 minutes about this process you must be ½ an hour to an hour about it .

He left instructions regarding the disposal of his remains , directing that his body should ‘ be first opened ’ and decently deposited in a leaden coffin at Little Ilford with his late wife ; this was so done in 1737 .
he left instructions [about] the disposal of his remains , directing that his body should ‘ be first opened ’ and decently deposited in a leaden coffin at little ilford with his late wife ; this was so done in 1737 .

When Thomas Spackman entered into negotiations with the sculptor John Deval in 1782 regarding his monument for Cliffe Pypard church , Wiltshire , he reverted to a style fashionable in the late seventeenth century : the ‘ resurrection ’ model as erected by Joshua Marshall in 1664 at Chipping Campden , Gloucestershire , and that of 1674 to Sir Geoffrey and Lady Palmer at East Carlton , Northamptonshire .
when thomas spackman entered into negotiations with the sculptor john deval in 1782 [about] his monument for cliffe pypard church , wiltshire , he reverted to a style fashionable in the late seventeenth century : the ‘ resurrection ’ model as erected by joshua marshall in 1664 at chipping campden , gloucestershire , and that of 1674 to sir geoffrey and lady palmer at east carlton , northamptonshire .

Sarah Hare , the youngest daughter of Sir Thomas and Lady Elizabeth Hare of Stow Bardolph , Norfolk , was very specific regarding the simplicity of her grave-clothes and coffin , making her wishes abundantly clear in her will of 1743 : ‘ … my coffin to be made of the best Elm lin 'd with a thinn lead with a flap of lead sawder 'd down over me , not to have a nail or any ornament that is not absolutely necessary , except a plate with my coat of arms and with this inscription : They that humble themselves shall be Exalted .
sarah hare , the youngest daughter of sir thomas and lady elizabeth hare of stow bardolph , norfolk , was very specific [about] the simplicity of her grave-clothes and coffin , making her wishes abundantly clear in her will of 1743 : ‘ … my coffin to be made of the best elm lin 'd with a thinn lead with a flap of lead sawder 'd down over me , not to have a nail or any ornament that is not absolutely necessary , except a plate with my coat of arms and with this inscription : they that humble themselves shall be exalted .

However , no policy decisions have been taken regarding the pricing of conferences .
however , no policy decisions have been taken [about] the pricing of conferences .

Outlining your proposals regarding the basis to be adopted for conference pricing in general , and recommending specific prices for the two conferences under consideration .
outlining your proposals [about] the basis to be adopted for conference pricing in general , and recommending specific prices for the two conferences under consideration .

The immediate result of George 's absence was the loss of his advice regarding the wine list , about which Olive knew little , and after three months Marie found it necessary to engage a specialist wine waiter .
the immediate result of george 's absence was the loss of his advice [about] the wine list , about which olive knew little , and after three months marie found it necessary to engage a specialist wine waiter .

An analysis of the existing manpower resources , with proposals regarding retraining and/or redeployment if appropriate
an analysis of the existing manpower resources , with proposals [about] retraining and/or redeployment if appropriate

The need for updating regarding information and techniques
the need for updating [about] information and techniques

Prepare a report for the Board of Duchy Hotels regarding the feasibility of acquiring the Sutton Manor Hotel with a view to timeshare development .
prepare a report for the board of duchy hotels [about] the feasibility of acquiring the sutton manor hotel with a view to timeshare development .

An assessment of the possible outcomes of the negotiations with the pub managers ' representatives , together with your recommendations regarding negotiating strategy
an assessment of the possible outcomes of the negotiations with the pub managers ' representatives , together with your recommendations [about] negotiating strategy

An analysis of the proposed menu in terms of costs and quality , with recommendations regarding modification or extension if appropriate
an analysis of the proposed menu in terms of costs and quality , with recommendations [about] modification or extension if appropriate

As Personal Assistant to John Watson , prepare a report reviewing Palatine Ales ' position following the successful conclusion of the takeover battle , evaluating the proposals made at the last Board meeting , and submitting your recommendations regarding future policy .
as personal assistant to john watson , prepare a report reviewing palatine ales ' position following the successful conclusion of the takeover battle , evaluating the proposals made at the last board meeting , and submitting your recommendations [about] future policy .

It should also include issuing a statement of policy regarding ‘ perks ’ , to form part of all present and future contracts of employment , together with an intensified programme of random checks to show that we really mean what we say .
it should also include issuing a statement of policy [about] ‘ perks ’ , to form part of all present and future contracts of employment , together with an intensified programme of random checks to show that we really mean what we say .

Monty influenced Susannah and she became convinced that she was entitled to scientific opinions regarding a subject she knew nothing about .
monty influenced susannah and she became convinced that she was entitled to scientific opinions [about] a subject she knew nothing about .

She knew she had will-power when she chose to exercise it and she was still conscience-stricken over her outburst regarding Alison .
she knew she had will-power when she chose to exercise it and she was still conscience-stricken over her outburst [about] alison .

Harris was silent for a few moments , regarding Manville quizzically .
harris was silent for a few moments , [about] manville quizzically .

Well , that seems to take care of that , ’ he said , regarding the superb hang of the trousers .
well , that seems to take care of that , ’ he said , [about] the superb hang of the trousers .

Kirov looked at the young Lieutenant who stood framed in the portal , regarding him uncertainly .
kirov looked at the young lieutenant who stood framed in the portal , [about] him uncertainly .

Major Tzann could not help regarding it as something of a personal affront , an act of mute insubordination .
major tzann could not help [about] it as something of a personal affront , an act of mute insubordination .

He remembered Mr Dixon 's persuasive arguments regarding telling his father about The Cheaper Sex , but he doubted if Mr Dixon knew what kind of father he had .
he remembered mr dixon 's persuasive arguments [about] telling his father about the cheaper sex , but he doubted if mr dixon knew what kind of father he had .

Full marks to Isobel , Hank thought grimly ; she had done a lot of homework trying to check what his rights were regarding serialization , filming and translation , and had primed him well .
full marks to isobel , hank thought grimly ; she had done a lot of homework trying to check what his rights were [about] serialization , filming and translation , and had primed him well .

The women 's editor of the Tollemarche Advent , having found nothing about Ben MacLean in the office files , decided that the quickest source of information regarding Tollemarche 's first author would probably be Mr Pascall , the bookseller .
the women 's editor of the tollemarche advent , having found nothing about ben maclean in the office files , decided that the quickest source of information [about] tollemarche 's first author would probably be mr pascall , the bookseller .

When he looked up at her , he found her regarding him with a troubled frown over the rim of her coffee cup .
when he looked up at her , he found her [about] him with a troubled frown over the rim of her coffee cup .

The problem.solving framework , in contrast , ensures that the information that emerges regarding a specific pupil 's difficulty in its context is generated in such a way that it also helps teachers in general — whether or not they know the pupil under discussion — to learn to ask themselves the kinds of questions that are helpful whenever problems arise in any pupil 's learning situation .
the problem.solving framework , in contrast , ensures that the information that emerges [about] a specific pupil 's difficulty in its context is generated in such a way that it also helps teachers in general — whether or not they know the pupil under discussion — to learn to ask themselves the kinds of questions that are helpful whenever problems arise in any pupil 's learning situation .

More than 20 years ago , the Plowden Report ( 1967 ) drew attention to such staff and made recommendations regarding their recruitment and career structure , numbers , role , and training requirements , emphasising , in particular , that , ‘ ancillary help should be used not simply to maintain , but to raise educational standards ’ .
more than 20 years ago , the plowden report ( 1967 ) drew attention to such staff and made recommendations [about] their recruitment and career structure , numbers , role , and training requirements , emphasising , in particular , that , ‘ ancillary help should be used not simply to maintain , but to raise educational standards ’ .

The study focused on welfare assistants working with children with special educational needs in ordinary primary schools and aimed to identify background experience , previous training and qualifications ; conditions of service and appointment procedures ; general duties and specific activities undertaken ; opinions about the usefulness of these activities to both pupils and teachers ; assistants ' role preferences ; and views regarding the kind of support and training required for effective service delivery .
the study focused on welfare assistants working with children with special educational needs in ordinary primary schools and aimed to identify background experience , previous training and qualifications ; conditions of service and appointment procedures ; general duties and specific activities undertaken ; opinions about the usefulness of these activities to both pupils and teachers ; assistants ' role preferences ; and views [about] the kind of support and training required for effective service delivery .

… regarding individuals and social events from the perspective of feminism as world-view may itself encourage the very tendency to objectify our ‘ subjects ’ which feminism opposes so forcefully .
… [about] individuals and social events from the perspective of feminism as world-view may itself encourage the very tendency to objectify our ‘ subjects ’ which feminism opposes so forcefully .

Once inside the building , it took Myeloski nearly twenty minutes to find the officer in charge and determine that no word had been received by the Tobolsk police regarding their impending arrival .
once inside the building , it took myeloski nearly twenty minutes to find the officer in charge and determine that no word had been received by the tobolsk police [about] their impending arrival .

So before moving to the particular let 's see if we can draw some general conclusions regarding degree and timing .
so before moving to the particular let 's see if we can draw some general conclusions [about] degree and timing .

The measures , except for the rule regarding accelerated accrual rates , are unlikely to affect anyone who has been in a pension scheme prior to March 1987 and remains with the same employer .
the measures , except for the rule [about] accelerated accrual rates , are unlikely to affect anyone who has been in a pension scheme prior to march 1987 and remains with the same employer .

What are the rules/options regarding pension age for women if , as is increasingly becoming the case , this has recently been raised to bring it in line with male pension age ?
what are the rules/options [about] pension age for women if , as is increasingly becoming the case , this has recently been raised to bring it in line with male pension age ?

( If you are planning to retire to Australia , Canada , New Zealand or Norway , you would be advised to check on the up-to-date position regarding any annual increases you would expect to receive to your pension .
( if you are planning to retire to australia , canada , new zealand or norway , you would be advised to check on the up-to-date position [about] any annual increases you would expect to receive to your pension .

Moving is always traumatic , especially in wondering whether clients will follow them , although the major firms have strong , legally enforceable clauses regarding poaching of clients .
moving is always traumatic , especially in wondering whether clients will follow them , although the major firms have strong , legally enforceable clauses [about] poaching of clients .

Sometimes the consultant feels that there is so much ambiguity regarding the appointment that it is unlikely to be successful as presently structured .
sometimes the consultant feels that there is so much ambiguity [about] the appointment that it is unlikely to be successful as presently structured .

This problem is but one instance of the general paradox which confronts any kind of radical movement or occupation which is more than purely self , regarding .
this problem is but one instance of the general paradox which confronts any kind of radical movement or occupation which is more than purely self , [about] .

Not only were disquieting statements made about certain rota solicitors but by rota members regarding themselves , which suggested that the present criterion for admission is a failure :
not only were disquieting statements made about certain rota solicitors but by rota members [about] themselves , which suggested that the present criterion for admission is a failure :

The argument attacks the position that Marxism is crudely materialist in regarding theoretical , political and ideological practices as determined by the economic base .
the argument attacks the position that marxism is crudely materialist in [about] theoretical , political and ideological practices as determined by the economic base .

Meh'Lindi sat cross-legged regarding Jaq expressionlessly all this time .
meh'lindi sat cross-legged [about] jaq expressionlessly all this time .

Brailsford and Beach adopt a general view , regarding electronic publishing as the use of computer science and electronics to present information .
brailsford and beach adopt a general view , [about] electronic publishing as the use of computer science and electronics to present information .

But before we do , there are one or two more things that the Creation 6 program can do for us regarding visualising the actual knitted fabric and seeing how the design is treated by the console on receiving the computer information .
but before we do , there are one or two more things that the creation 6 program can do for us [about] visualising the actual knitted fabric and seeing how the design is treated by the console on receiving the computer information .

Hua 's reluctance to admit that Mao had made mistakes contrasted with Deng 's hints regarding the fallibility of the former supreme leader .
hua 's reluctance to admit that mao had made mistakes contrasted with deng 's hints [about] the fallibility of the former supreme leader .

Dissatisfaction and despair regarding domestic crises were strong motivating factors on both occasions as young intellectuals sought solutions to personal and national problems outside of China or as Wang wrote , ‘ looked eagerly to the west for the magic which would solve the problems of their country ’ ( Wang 1928 : 60 ) .
dissatisfaction and despair [about] domestic crises were strong motivating factors on both occasions as young intellectuals sought solutions to personal and national problems outside of china or as wang wrote , ‘ looked eagerly to the west for the magic which would solve the problems of their country ’ ( wang 1928 : 60 ) .

It will be suggested here that , because each one of these terms carries with it connotations regarding what these processes are , ‘ learning ’ , ‘ acquisition ’ and ‘ development ’ are associated with different accounts of developmental change .
it will be suggested here that , because each one of these terms carries with it connotations [about] what these processes are , ‘ learning ’ , ‘ acquisition ’ and ‘ development ’ are associated with different accounts of developmental change .

This appears to be the only source of information available to the child regarding how phonemes , morphemes and words are organised into meaningful sentences .
this appears to be the only source of information available to the child [about] how phonemes , morphemes and words are organised into meaningful sentences .

Over time , more complex social routines may be established as adult and infant begin to build up a set of expectancies or joint understandings regarding the meanings of particular behaviours .
over time , more complex social routines may be established as adult and infant begin to build up a set of expectancies or joint understandings [about] the meanings of particular behaviours .

However , this should not be taken to imply that this approach does not have its critics or that all researchers working within the developmental paradigm are in agreement regarding the more detailed aspects of language development .
however , this should not be taken to imply that this approach does not have its critics or that all researchers working within the developmental paradigm are in agreement [about] the more detailed aspects of language development .

This analysis suggests that the identification and diagnosis of language disorder is unlikely to provide the basis for more than relatively crude speculations regarding the child 's prognosis .
this analysis suggests that the identification and diagnosis of language disorder is unlikely to provide the basis for more than relatively crude speculations [about] the child 's prognosis .

Given the present state of understanding regarding the causes and appropriate forms of intervention for children with language difficulties , this kind of short-cut is likely to lead to inadequate assessment and ineffective treatment .
given the present state of understanding [about] the causes and appropriate forms of intervention for children with language difficulties , this kind of short-cut is likely to lead to inadequate assessment and ineffective treatment .

They may therefore approach the post-assessment consultation in the expectation of being given some definite information regarding the child 's difficulties and the likely prognosis .
they may therefore approach the post-assessment consultation in the expectation of being given some definite information [about] the child 's difficulties and the likely prognosis .

It is then up to the teacher or therapist to help the parents accept that an assessment may be useful as a way of helping the child without necessarily providing a diagnostic label or a clear statement regarding the child 's future .
it is then up to the teacher or therapist to help the parents accept that an assessment may be useful as a way of helping the child without necessarily providing a diagnostic label or a clear statement [about] the child 's future .

In these cases , it is important that the parents are given regular feedback regarding progress and that activities are frequently modified to reflect even modest progress .
in these cases , it is important that the parents are given regular feedback [about] progress and that activities are frequently modified to reflect even modest progress .

Some published language tests provide data regarding the variability to be expected in test scores if the test were to be repeated on the same child at relatively close intervals .
some published language tests provide data [about] the variability to be expected in test scores if the test were to be repeated on the same child at relatively close intervals .

At some point it is necessary for someone to provide clear guidelines regarding how others should interact with that child in order to promote learning and developmental changes most effectively .
at some point it is necessary for someone to provide clear guidelines [about] how others should interact with that child in order to promote learning and developmental changes most effectively .

Any inferences regarding the applic-ability of the assessment information to other settings will be based upon the notion of generalisation — that is , an analysis of the inferred or observed similarities between the stimulus conditions obtaining in the assessment procedure and those which are present in other naturally occurring settings .
any inferences [about] the applic-ability of the assessment information to other settings will be based upon the notion of generalisation — that is , an analysis of the inferred or observed similarities between the stimulus conditions obtaining in the assessment procedure and those which are present in other naturally occurring settings .

The main questions regarding sampling are : under what conditions and for how long ?
the main questions [about] sampling are : under what conditions and for how long ?

Rather than simply sampling at random , it is helpful to make some preliminary enquiries among the child 's parents or teachers regarding the kinds of situations in which she is most likely to talk .
rather than simply sampling at random , it is helpful to make some preliminary enquiries among the child 's parents or teachers [about] the kinds of situations in which she is most likely to talk .

Although this procedure removes the contam-ination of the observer , it is far from clear to what extent adults are able to reconstruct the context of their previous linguistic encounters with children , and how far post hoc interpretations regarding what was said and what was meant are subject to distortion .
although this procedure removes the contam-ination of the observer , it is far from clear to what extent adults are able to reconstruct the context of their previous linguistic encounters with children , and how far post hoc interpretations [about] what was said and what was meant are subject to distortion .

He argues that , given our present state of ignorance regarding the classification of linguistic disorders , descriptive detail is necessary , both as a prelude to intervention and in order to increase our basic understanding of language development .
he argues that , given our present state of ignorance [about] the classification of linguistic disorders , descriptive detail is necessary , both as a prelude to intervention and in order to increase our basic understanding of language development .

It is therefore necessary for the tests to include information regarding the size and nature of the standardisation sample so that the teacher or therapist may judge whether or not it is reasonable to use the distribution of sample scores as a basis for evaluating the performance of particular individuals .
it is therefore necessary for the tests to include information [about] the size and nature of the standardisation sample so that the teacher or therapist may judge whether or not it is reasonable to use the distribution of sample scores as a basis for evaluating the performance of particular individuals .

In addition to the information with respect to reliability and validity , McCauley and Swisher ( 1984 ) suggest that , for the proper interpretation of test scores , the test user must have information regarding the spread of scores obtained from the standardisation sample .
in addition to the information with respect to reliability and validity , mccauley and swisher ( 1984 ) suggest that , for the proper interpretation of test scores , the test user must have information [about] the spread of scores obtained from the standardisation sample .

There is no information regarding the reliability of the test items and the validity of the test depends upon the interpretation afforded the separate subtests .
there is no information [about] the reliability of the test items and the validity of the test depends upon the interpretation afforded the separate subtests .

No evidence is presented regarding the reliability of this test and there is no discussion of validity .
no evidence is presented [about] the reliability of this test and there is no discussion of validity .

The sentence pairs are designed to reflect important grammatical contrasts but , without information regarding how the particular contrasts were selected and how far they are representative of the grammatical skills available to children of this age , it is impossible to determine how useful they are as test items .
the sentence pairs are designed to reflect important grammatical contrasts but , without information [about] how the particular contrasts were selected and how far they are representative of the grammatical skills available to children of this age , it is impossible to determine how useful they are as test items .

This raises questions regarding the extent to which the standardised scores provide a useful basis of comparison for children born and brought up in this country .
this raises questions [about] the extent to which the standardised scores provide a useful basis of comparison for children born and brought up in this country .

This strategy is based upon the work of Slobin and Welsh ( 1973 ) , and upon the authors ' own extensive research regarding the imitative abilities of mentally handicapped children .
this strategy is based upon the work of slobin and welsh ( 1973 ) , and upon the authors ' own extensive research [about] the imitative abilities of mentally handicapped children .

While the former provide information regarding whether a test might reasonably be expected to facilitate the assessment of particular individuals and for particular purposes , the latter give information regarding the nature and quality of any information which is derived from the test .
while the former provide information [about] whether a test might reasonably be expected to facilitate the assessment of particular individuals and for particular purposes , the latter give information [about] the nature and quality of any information which is derived from the test .

Does the test measure comprehension or production or imitation ? This will influence the teacher 's or therapist 's decision regarding whether or not the test is likely to be useful for a particular child and for a particular purpose .
does the test measure comprehension or production or imitation ? this will influence the teacher 's or therapist 's decision [about] whether or not the test is likely to be useful for a particular child and for a particular purpose .

In addition , since no test is completely accurate ( that is , all tests have a reliability co-efficient of less than 1 ) , it is desirable to have information regarding the level of confidence which a test user can have in any obtained score .
in addition , since no test is completely accurate ( that is , all tests have a reliability co-efficient of less than 1 ) , it is desirable to have information [about] the level of confidence which a test user can have in any obtained score .

This is where you must enter information regarding the particular printer and knitting machine that you have .
this is where you must enter information [about] the particular printer and knitting machine that you have .

Thank you for printing my request for readers ' ideas regarding the use of empty cones .
thank you for printing my request for readers ' ideas [about] the use of empty cones .

Mr Yeltsin said : ‘ Until very recently , we were regarding each other as political enemies . ’
mr yeltsin said : ‘ until very recently , we were [about] each other as political enemies . ’

After much thought and reasoning , however , Jack reached no satisfactory conclusion regarding Johnnie 's unhappiness .
after much thought and reasoning , however , jack reached no satisfactory conclusion [about] johnnie 's unhappiness .

‘ Some savers like term shares where they tie their money up for a set period in return for a limited guarantee regarding the interest , ’ says Willis .
‘ some savers like term shares where they tie their money up for a set period in return for a limited guarantee [about] the interest , ’ says willis .

An inadequate knowledge of what constitutes a ‘ good diet ’ , particularly regarding the essential protein , mineral and vitamin constituents of food , can also contribute to poor diet .
an inadequate knowledge of what constitutes a ‘ good diet ’ , particularly [about] the essential protein , mineral and vitamin constituents of food , can also contribute to poor diet .

You could find it useful to comment on past reactions and to ask for a fresh angle : ‘ When we 've talked about having some staff working from home , we 've always got bogged down in cost factors regarding the technology needed .
you could find it useful to comment on past reactions and to ask for a fresh angle : ‘ when we 've talked about having some staff working from home , we 've always got bogged down in cost factors [about] the technology needed .

This procedure varies according to local practice and enquiries regarding the best method of proof are advised .
this procedure varies according to local practice and enquiries [about] the best method of proof are advised .

This point can be proved by showing in the police officer 's evidence the actual situation regarding washers , i.e .
this point can be proved by showing in the police officer 's evidence the actual situation [about] washers , i.e .

If the ‘ qualified driver ’ does not do what can be reasonably expected of him regarding these duties the learner could be said to be not under supervision .
if the ‘ qualified driver ’ does not do what can be reasonably expected of him [about] these duties the learner could be said to be not under supervision .

The court will then use its judgment regarding the proof of potential danger .
the court will then use its judgment [about] the proof of potential danger .

This point means that all the statutory provisions regarding obligatory lamps and reflectors , before the vehicle can lawfully be driven , must be complied with .
this point means that all the statutory provisions [about] obligatory lamps and reflectors , before the vehicle can lawfully be driven , must be complied with .

‘ in a zebra controlled area proceeding towards the limits of an uncontrolled zebra crossing ’ This point is proved by briefly describing the lawful markings etc. of the crossing and pointing out that they were clearly visible and unobscured , by the observation of a prosecution witness regarding the direction of travel of the offending vehicle and by showing the absence of control at the crossing .
‘ in a zebra controlled area proceeding towards the limits of an uncontrolled zebra crossing ’ this point is proved by briefly describing the lawful markings etc. of the crossing and pointing out that they were clearly visible and unobscured , by the observation of a prosecution witness [about] the direction of travel of the offending vehicle and by showing the absence of control at the crossing .

His life will force all people to decide where they stand regarding himself .
his life will force all people to decide where they stand [about] himself .

It is important first of all , however , to look at some questions regarding the approach to this subject .
it is important first of all , however , to look at some questions [about] the approach to this subject .

As a result of these developments it is possible to make three claims regarding the miracles in the Synoptic Gospels :
as a result of these developments it is possible to make three claims [about] the miracles in the synoptic gospels :

It is important to note two points regarding this story :
it is important to note two points [about] this story :

He would be there the next morning if summoned , and Nigel could have a general discussion with him and leave him some sums to do regarding the all-decisive head .
he would be there the next morning if summoned , and nigel could have a general discussion with him and leave him some sums to do [about] the all-decisive head .

Later that week , back home , the figures regarding the water , its fall and the general layout of the land arrived , and Nigel , like God in the creation , saw them and saw that they were good .
later that week , back home , the figures [about] the water , its fall and the general layout of the land arrived , and nigel , like god in the creation , saw them and saw that they were good .

Jackie told me , regarding my old and much-loved sheepdog Ffly , ‘ Do n't worry , she 's in no pain , and she 'll let you know when the day comes .
jackie told me , [about] my old and much-loved sheepdog ffly , ‘ do n't worry , she 's in no pain , and she 'll let you know when the day comes .

The solar eclipse on the 24th indicates a turn in the tide regarding work and you can anticipate some surprise developments here from the beginning of January .
the solar eclipse on the 24th indicates a turn in the tide [about] work and you can anticipate some surprise developments here from the beginning of january .

July is the most likely month for major changes regarding the home itself and within the family unit .
july is the most likely month for major changes [about] the home itself and within the family unit .

Any major developments regarding family and your base in life later in the year — most notably around September 1 and late November — should be traceable to this early summer period .
any major developments [about] family and your base in life later in the year — most notably around september 1 and late november — should be traceable to this early summer period .

Yet in among the periods of sudden change and confusion are some real and remarkable opportunities for increase and advancement , notably regarding your base in life and your standing in the world .
yet in among the periods of sudden change and confusion are some real and remarkable opportunities for increase and advancement , notably [about] your base in life and your standing in the world .

It seems that from time to time , but most notably in February and May , you will experience some frustrating moments regarding property matters and family relationships .
it seems that from time to time , but most notably in february and may , you will experience some frustrating moments [about] property matters and family relationships .

Mrs Pitman has also made no firm decision regarding The Illywhacker .
mrs pitman has also made no firm decision [about] the illywhacker .

And Widnes general manager Frank Myler , insisted that no club had been in contact regarding a possible move by Davies from Naughton Park .
and widnes general manager frank myler , insisted that no club had been in contact [about] a possible move by davies from naughton park .

Any specific requests from the taxpayer regarding reallocations must be honoured by the collector .
any specific requests from the taxpayer [about] reallocations must be honoured by the collector .

In these cases the practitioner often receives a telephone call from the local police asking for information regarding one of his ( or her ) clients , followed by a request to come round and see them .
in these cases the practitioner often receives a telephone call from the local police asking for information [about] one of his ( or her ) clients , followed by a request to come round and see them .

The practitioner might already harbour suspicions regarding his client and his ‘ natural ’ instinct is to supply answers and papers without further question .
the practitioner might already harbour suspicions [about] his client and his ‘ natural ’ instinct is to supply answers and papers without further question .

It would appear that we are fully justified in regarding the fields of life as the instruments of physical evolution , of which , on this Planet at least , the human nervous system is the masterpiece .
it would appear that we are fully justified in [about] the fields of life as the instruments of physical evolution , of which , on this planet at least , the human nervous system is the masterpiece .

’ Fifteen years later another official described the way an experienced litigant tutored witnesses : ‘ He examines , cross-examines , corrects , and directs those in their parts who are to appear in the real court and give their testimony regarding what they know , or are to pretend to know , on the day of the trial ’ .
’ fifteen years later another official described the way an experienced litigant tutored witnesses : ‘ he examines , cross-examines , corrects , and directs those in their parts who are to appear in the real court and give their testimony [about] what they know , or are to pretend to know , on the day of the trial ’ .

Several readers have already contacted me regarding foul play and the role of the touch-judge .
several readers have already contacted me [about] foul play and the role of the touch-judge .

The Regulations cover working environment , such as temperature and ventilation ; safety , such as condition of floors and escalators ; facilities , such as toilets and washing facilities — there are new provisions here regarding rest areas with arrangements for non-smokers and rest facilities for pregnant women and nursing mothers ; and house-keeping , such as maintenance of the work-place , equipment and facilities .
the regulations cover working environment , such as temperature and ventilation ; safety , such as condition of floors and escalators ; facilities , such as toilets and washing facilities — there are new provisions here [about] rest areas with arrangements for non-smokers and rest facilities for pregnant women and nursing mothers ; and house-keeping , such as maintenance of the work-place , equipment and facilities .

It also explains various unresolved questions regarding the town 's plan and development .
it also explains various unresolved questions [about] the town 's plan and development .

This species shows very little preference regarding its planting medium , and therefore the usual standard mixture of some nutritious matter with ordinary aquarium gravel should be provided .
this species shows very little preference [about] its planting medium , and therefore the usual standard mixture of some nutritious matter with ordinary aquarium gravel should be provided .

No use regarding recent events in terms of misfortune ; one had to show courage for anything worthwhile to be attempted .
no use [about] recent events in terms of misfortune ; one had to show courage for anything worthwhile to be attempted .

At the beginning of December , you can expect some extra developments regarding a domestic or professional matter , and this time you ca n't resist the winds of change .
at the beginning of december , you can expect some extra developments [about] a domestic or professional matter , and this time you ca n't resist the winds of change .

There should be ‘ more active involvement of the shareholders in matters regarding the audit ’ .
there should be ‘ more active involvement of the shareholders in matters [about] the audit ’ .

The not altogether clear provisions regarding audit , finality and certainty mean that adjustments could well take place long after a partner has left a firm .
the not altogether clear provisions [about] audit , finality and certainty mean that adjustments could well take place long after a partner has left a firm .

Employees should be reminded explicitly of their responsibilities regarding confidential information and , if necessary , printouts of sensitive information should be automatically stamped ‘ confidential ’ to reinforce this .
employees should be reminded explicitly of their responsibilities [about] confidential information and , if necessary , printouts of sensitive information should be automatically stamped ‘ confidential ’ to reinforce this .

The question was whether the employer had acted reasonably in all the circumstances in regarding absence from point of duty as sufficient reason for dismissal .
the question was whether the employer had acted reasonably in all the circumstances in [about] absence from point of duty as sufficient reason for dismissal .

Regarding themselves as kingmakers , Godwine and his sons strove repeatedly to maintain an ‘ English ’ identity , free both of too much Danish interruption and of the new factor in political life , the influence of the Duchy of Normandy .
[about] themselves as kingmakers , godwine and his sons strove repeatedly to maintain an ‘ english ’ identity , free both of too much danish interruption and of the new factor in political life , the influence of the duchy of normandy .

Sir , — In your October issue ( Readers Ask , p 80 ) there appeared an enquiry from a colleague regarding refreshments at meetings in the Tax Office .
sir , — in your october issue ( readers ask , p 80 ) there appeared an enquiry from a colleague [about] refreshments at meetings in the tax office .

We are currently in communication with the Inland Revenue regarding the deductibility of training expenses for a sole trader .
we are currently in communication with the inland revenue [about] the deductibility of training expenses for a sole trader .

They stood there , almost a metre tall , regarding our intrusion with no more than mild curiosity .
they stood there , almost a metre tall , [about] our intrusion with no more than mild curiosity .

This ambiguity does not greatly alter our conclusions regarding airburst altitude : once an object has spread to , say , twice its initial radius , its further spreading happens so quickly that an ‘ explosion altitude ’ is defined to within a few kilometres , regardless of whether the explosion is taken to occur then or when the object has spread to 5–10 times its initial radius .
this ambiguity does not greatly alter our conclusions [about] airburst altitude : once an object has spread to , say , twice its initial radius , its further spreading happens so quickly that an ‘ explosion altitude ’ is defined to within a few kilometres , regardless of whether the explosion is taken to occur then or when the object has spread to 5–10 times its initial radius .

More than one-third of the economists either refused to answer the question regarding what is fair , or gave very complex , uncodable responses .
more than one-third of the economists either refused to answer the question [about] what is fair , or gave very complex , uncodable responses .

These theories regarding the increasing use of compulsion have been criticised by Dingwall and his colleagues ( 1983 ) as lacking in authoritative statistical basis , and lacking any overview of the relative , as opposed to absolute , use of compulsory intervention .
these theories [about] the increasing use of compulsion have been criticised by dingwall and his colleagues ( 1983 ) as lacking in authoritative statistical basis , and lacking any overview of the relative , as opposed to absolute , use of compulsory intervention .

Regarding work with the children and the new families , my plea for a more sophisticated approach in assessing the needs of children and finding the appropriate routes to permanent placement for each child leads me to the conclusion that the nature of the social work service to each child and family must vary according to their needs and their wishes .
[about] work with the children and the new families , my plea for a more sophisticated approach in assessing the needs of children and finding the appropriate routes to permanent placement for each child leads me to the conclusion that the nature of the social work service to each child and family must vary according to their needs and their wishes .

Some take a highly individualistic approach , regarding child abuse and neglect as primarily the actions of particular persons ; others adopt a broader perspective , seeing poverty , disadvantage and exploitation to be just as abusive as individual cruelties .
some take a highly individualistic approach , [about] child abuse and neglect as primarily the actions of particular persons ; others adopt a broader perspective , seeing poverty , disadvantage and exploitation to be just as abusive as individual cruelties .

Before we move on , however , a few cautionary words are necessary regarding stress .
before we move on , however , a few cautionary words are necessary [about] stress .

, as you look on a way of regarding the language-game , as interpretation ’ ; ‘ We are not analysing a phenomenon ( e.g .
, as you look on a way of [about] the language-game , as interpretation ’ ; ‘ we are not analysing a phenomenon ( e.g .

He saw her regarding him and smiled .
he saw her [about] him and smiled .

Regarding acquisitions , the numbers of works acquired by purchase and donation ( including works on paper ) in each section of the collection between 1990 and 1992 are as follows : British collection , including prints and drawings , 105 ; modern collection , excluding prints , 170 ; modern prints , 313 ; artists ' archive , 55 .
[about] acquisitions , the numbers of works acquired by purchase and donation ( including works on paper ) in each section of the collection between 1990 and 1992 are as follows : british collection , including prints and drawings , 105 ; modern collection , excluding prints , 170 ; modern prints , 313 ; artists ' archive , 55 .

All things considered , it 's hardly surprising that the Czech delegation to ‘ Galleries and Private Collectors ’ , expressed fears about an impending mass sell-off and export of art , and made calls for legislation regarding art and commerce .
all things considered , it 's hardly surprising that the czech delegation to ‘ galleries and private collectors ’ , expressed fears about an impending mass sell-off and export of art , and made calls for legislation [about] art and commerce .

They all appear , however , to reside in Switzerland , due to the unfavourable nature of Italian laws regarding the import and ownership of works of art .
they all appear , however , to reside in switzerland , due to the unfavourable nature of italian laws [about] the import and ownership of works of art .

And before misguided preconceptions regarding that T-word nip possible investigation in the bud , this music is as far removed from our pitiful squeak-core as it is from Billy Ray Cyrus .
and before misguided preconceptions [about] that t-word nip possible investigation in the bud , this music is as far removed from our pitiful squeak-core as it is from billy ray cyrus .

Negotiations have also commenced with the local authorities regarding the railway 's long term aids — to relay the track a further three miles to the outskirts of Bath — and initial reactions to these plans have been encouraging .
negotiations have also commenced with the local authorities [about] the railway 's long term aids — to relay the track a further three miles to the outskirts of bath — and initial reactions to these plans have been encouraging .

The Society are now having talks with various parties , regarding a suitable site , and are hopeful of being able to start work on the project before the end of the year .
the society are now having talks with various parties , [about] a suitable site , and are hopeful of being able to start work on the project before the end of the year .

’ The knitting was in her lap and she was regarding me steadily over the spectacles .
’ the knitting was in her lap and she was [about] me steadily over the spectacles .

with much concern being voiced , and discussion in the media , regarding illegal trafficking in works of art of doubtful provenance and authenticity ) the foregoing test of good faith becomes quite a severe one to meet .
with much concern being voiced , and discussion in the media , [about] illegal trafficking in works of art of doubtful provenance and authenticity ) the foregoing test of good faith becomes quite a severe one to meet .

In the light of the current problems regarding a number of prominent figures in the Italian cultural world , have you in any way had to dissociate yourself from any of them ?
in the light of the current problems [about] a number of prominent figures in the italian cultural world , have you in any way had to dissociate yourself from any of them ?

However , he points out that all that has been achieved by dowsing until now has been to locate the points of entry into the tunnels beneath the Alexandrov Kremlin , and some archaeologists are not even sure of this , regarding what has been found there as simply the old moats .
however , he points out that all that has been achieved by dowsing until now has been to locate the points of entry into the tunnels beneath the alexandrov kremlin , and some archaeologists are not even sure of this , [about] what has been found there as simply the old moats .

Regarding the lower levels , it now seems that the first-century building was an elaborate Roman house richly decorated with stuccoes and fresco , the remains of which have been published for the first time .
[about] the lower levels , it now seems that the first-century building was an elaborate roman house richly decorated with stuccoes and fresco , the remains of which have been published for the first time .

All enquiries regarding membership of the 4247 Preservation Society to
all enquiries [about] membership of the 4247 preservation society to

Most of the information we have regarding Joni 's training and achievements is derived from his autobiography , Le memorie di un pittore di quadri antichi , published in 1932 ( and reprinted by Sansoni in 1984 ) .
most of the information we have [about] joni 's training and achievements is derived from his autobiography , le memorie di un pittore di quadri antichi , published in 1932 ( and reprinted by sansoni in 1984 ) .

Rather than regarding an Anglo-French Union as a core of European unity , Churchill believed that the essential beginning was reconciliation between France and Germany .
rather than [about] an anglo-french union as a core of european unity , churchill believed that the essential beginning was reconciliation between france and germany .

Enquiries regarding the Beech or Invader for 1992 airshow work can be made on .
enquiries [about] the beech or invader for 1992 airshow work can be made on .

He also played a part in developing in England , even before the full force of the new historical criticism of the Bible had been felt there , an understanding of the authority of the Bible which did not rest simply on regarding it as the inspired and inerrant compendium from which the truths about God could be read off in literal and rationalist fashion .
he also played a part in developing in england , even before the full force of the new historical criticism of the bible had been felt there , an understanding of the authority of the bible which did not rest simply on [about] it as the inspired and inerrant compendium from which the truths about god could be read off in literal and rationalist fashion .

As Mayberry ( 1978 : 33 ) points out : Today it is common practice to begin papers by setting the record straight , so to speak , sometimes with what strikes the reader as being an unusually strong position regarding inter-sign language comprehension given the current state of knowledge .
as mayberry ( 1978 : 33 ) points out : today it is common practice to begin papers by setting the record straight , so to speak , sometimes with what strikes the reader as being an unusually strong position [about] inter-sign language comprehension given the current state of knowledge .

One by-product of regarding sign languages as mutually unintelligible has been the attempt to create an international , artificial sign language , similar in aim to Esperanto .
one by-product of [about] sign languages as mutually unintelligible has been the attempt to create an international , artificial sign language , similar in aim to esperanto .

The reasons for the shift from regarding sign language as one universal form of communication to seeing sign languages as highly different from each other are easy to understand , but the result has been confusion over what questions remain to be asked about the differences between sign languages .
the reasons for the shift from [about] sign language as one universal form of communication to seeing sign languages as highly different from each other are easy to understand , but the result has been confusion over what questions remain to be asked about the differences between sign languages .

Regarding the parent body as a potential task force — using the technical skills of parents within school to improve the school fabric and the school grounds .
[about] the parent body as a potential task force — using the technical skills of parents within school to improve the school fabric and the school grounds .

Religious Life for women is affected today by the attention given to the subject of woman , her vocation and role in the Church and in society . What opportunities and problems are being surfaced regarding this subject ?
religious life for women is affected today by the attention given to the subject of woman , her vocation and role in the church and in society . what opportunities and problems are being surfaced [about] this subject ?

To be effective witnesses of God 's love society today the tasks facing Religious are enormous . What expectations do laity and priests have of Religious regarding : Young people ? Collaboration with the clergy ? Encouraging and enabling the laity to take their proper place in the Church ? The case of people with disabilities ? Ecumenical and inter-faith dialogue ? Evangelisation … ?
to be effective witnesses of god 's love society today the tasks facing religious are enormous . what expectations do laity and priests have of religious [about] : young people ? collaboration with the clergy ? encouraging and enabling the laity to take their proper place in the church ? the case of people with disabilities ? ecumenical and inter-faith dialogue ? evangelisation … ?

Closely related to these contrasting emphases regarding the nature and parameters of the subject is the question of devising an appropriate , conceptual framework of analysis in industrial relations , as well as the extent to which this is explicitly grounded in theory .
closely related to these contrasting emphases [about] the nature and parameters of the subject is the question of devising an appropriate , conceptual framework of analysis in industrial relations , as well as the extent to which this is explicitly grounded in theory .

Comparative studies can lead to a greater understanding of the factors and processes which determine industrial relations phenomena since ‘ the comparative method leads to questions regarding the reasons for the observed comparisons and contrasts ’ ( Dunlop , 1958 , p. vi ) .
comparative studies can lead to a greater understanding of the factors and processes which determine industrial relations phenomena since ‘ the comparative method leads to questions [about] the reasons for the observed comparisons and contrasts ’ ( dunlop , 1958 , p. vi ) .

( Kahn-Freund and Hepple , 1972 , p. 1 ) There is a need to proceed cautiously regarding the possibility of making out-of-context transfers to different social and economic milieus .
( kahn-freund and hepple , 1972 , p. 1 ) there is a need to proceed cautiously [about] the possibility of making out-of-context transfers to different social and economic milieus .

Despite the fact that the war with Spain was brought to an end in 1604 , the great majority of the English clergy and laity continued to view Roman Catholicism with the same mixture of deep loathing and suspicion as had their Elizabethan predecessors , regarding it as a serious threat to both their national security and the well-being of their souls .
despite the fact that the war with spain was brought to an end in 1604 , the great majority of the english clergy and laity continued to view roman catholicism with the same mixture of deep loathing and suspicion as had their elizabethan predecessors , [about] it as a serious threat to both their national security and the well-being of their souls .

Moreover , they equated popery with magic at a more fundamental level , regarding the central doctrinal tenets of Catholicism as blasphemous , superstitious , anti-scriptural , and inherently evil .
moreover , they equated popery with magic at a more fundamental level , [about] the central doctrinal tenets of catholicism as blasphemous , superstitious , anti-scriptural , and inherently evil .

He was not dissuaded from this strategy by the awesome losses of the Somme offensive in 1916 , nor by the doubts expressed regarding the scheme by his Intelligence staff and his fellow commanders .
he was not dissuaded from this strategy by the awesome losses of the somme offensive in 1916 , nor by the doubts expressed [about] the scheme by his intelligence staff and his fellow commanders .

In November , details were given regarding the season to date and it is now time to update to the midwinter break . At the end of October Queens Park had 5 points from 6 games and have further fared as follows :
in november , details were given [about] the season to date and it is now time to update to the midwinter break . at the end of october queens park had 5 points from 6 games and have further fared as follows :

Throughout the Ottoman world , centuries of arbitrary and frequently oppressive rule reinforced age-old peasant tendencies towards looking to the clan as the mainstay of life and regarding everybody outside with suspicion and hostility .
throughout the ottoman world , centuries of arbitrary and frequently oppressive rule reinforced age-old peasant tendencies towards looking to the clan as the mainstay of life and [about] everybody outside with suspicion and hostility .

The editor thought it was time to bring you an up-date on progress regarding the Camphill Development .
the editor thought it was time to bring you an up-date on progress [about] the camphill development .

The evangelical community has expressed concerns regarding several of the clauses .
the evangelical community has expressed concerns [about] several of the clauses .

So — regarding whether or not someone chooses among credit types , or between credit and cash — having a bank account may partly be seen as shorthand for a collection of other characteristics to do with income and social background which may be influential in themselves .
so — [about] whether or not someone chooses among credit types , or between credit and cash — having a bank account may partly be seen as shorthand for a collection of other characteristics to do with income and social background which may be influential in themselves .

In the Gospels there is a powerful sense of imminence regarding the Kingdom .
in the gospels there is a powerful sense of imminence [about] the kingdom .

First it must not lead us into a relativist position regarding Scripture as but one of many revelations of God .
first it must not lead us into a relativist position [about] scripture as but one of many revelations of god .

Having displayed in this clear format what has been happening , you will then be able to interpret the general trend , and raise questions regarding those years which proved to be exceptions to the overall picture .
having displayed in this clear format what has been happening , you will then be able to interpret the general trend , and raise questions [about] those years which proved to be exceptions to the overall picture .

The consistent failure to implement findings has given rise to cynicism regarding research .
the consistent failure to implement findings has given rise to cynicism [about] research .

Just to follow the correspondence in the September Question Time regarding Pelikan Mastercolour Oils , your readers might like to know that Artists ' Choice is continuing to stock this excellent product .
just to follow the correspondence in the september question time [about] pelikan mastercolour oils , your readers might like to know that artists ' choice is continuing to stock this excellent product .

This highly illuminating way of regarding beliefs and concepts not in terms of their ultimate truth or falsity , but as the product of specific social conditions , is best illustrated in Durkheim 's book Les Formes élémentaires de la vie religieuse ( 1912 ) .
this highly illuminating way of [about] beliefs and concepts not in terms of their ultimate truth or falsity , but as the product of specific social conditions , is best illustrated in durkheim 's book les formes élémentaires de la vie religieuse ( 1912 ) .

The fact that , for Moore , the value of a thing follows necessarily from its intrinsic nature , from what it is like , makes it a little misleading to say , as is often done , that it is supposed to be always an open question whether something characterised in terms of its natural , or metaphysical , properties is good or not , and that this is his chief reason for regarding good as indefinable .
the fact that , for moore , the value of a thing follows necessarily from its intrinsic nature , from what it is like , makes it a little misleading to say , as is often done , that it is supposed to be always an open question whether something characterised in terms of its natural , or metaphysical , properties is good or not , and that this is his chief reason for [about] good as indefinable .

While the Dutch government is actively planning to reduce the number of hospital beds , particularly those for long-stay patients , it takes little notice of the reality of mental health care in The Netherlands , cherishing various misconceptions regarding institutionalism and community care .
while the dutch government is actively planning to reduce the number of hospital beds , particularly those for long-stay patients , it takes little notice of the reality of mental health care in the netherlands , cherishing various misconceptions [about] institutionalism and community care .

The evidence nationally regarding ‘ new long-stay ’ patients was equivocal , with the need for residential provision to be made for such patients being strongly contended outside Worcester .
the evidence nationally [about] ‘ new long-stay ’ patients was equivocal , with the need for residential provision to be made for such patients being strongly contended outside worcester .

While there had been a lot of activity by feminists regarding questions of rape in the early 1970s , it was the Morgan case which was the focus of the mainstream public debate prior to the 1976 Act .
while there had been a lot of activity by feminists [about] questions of rape in the early 1970s , it was the morgan case which was the focus of the mainstream public debate prior to the 1976 act .

In the summer of 1974 there had been several questions regarding the possibility of anonymity in rape cases .
in the summer of 1974 there had been several questions [about] the possibility of anonymity in rape cases .

The potential for titillation regarding a freed rapist emerged in another case which had considerable coverage over a three-day period .
the potential for titillation [about] a freed rapist emerged in another case which had considerable coverage over a three-day period .

However , standards of confidentiality do vary and , if you are having to deal with either a statutory or voluntary agency regarding your own or your child 's status , you should ask them how your information will be recorded and who else will be told .
however , standards of confidentiality do vary and , if you are having to deal with either a statutory or voluntary agency [about] your own or your child 's status , you should ask them how your information will be recorded and who else will be told .

The University reserves the right to fill any position by invitation , not to make an appointment or to make enquiries of any persons regarding any candidate 's suitability for appointment .
the university reserves the right to fill any position by invitation , not to make an appointment or to make enquiries of any persons [about] any candidate 's suitability for appointment .

Recently , plans have been announced regarding the evaluation of major new resource development options for the Thames Region .
recently , plans have been announced [about] the evaluation of major new resource development options for the thames region .

They also need to avoid the situation where the very existence of an active special needs department results in colleagues regarding special needs as someone else 's responsibility , not theirs .
they also need to avoid the situation where the very existence of an active special needs department results in colleagues [about] special needs as someone else 's responsibility , not theirs .

This should be constructive and include an assessment of the child 's functional levels of vision , details of preferred lighting , and recommendations regarding the presentation of materials for learning .
this should be constructive and include an assessment of the child 's functional levels of vision , details of preferred lighting , and recommendations [about] the presentation of materials for learning .

In these situations they are able to contribute information and guidance regarding the problems that pupils have with visual activities and to consider on an individual basis the compounding effect that these may have in terms of the other disabilities from which the child may suffer .
in these situations they are able to contribute information and guidance [about] the problems that pupils have with visual activities and to consider on an individual basis the compounding effect that these may have in terms of the other disabilities from which the child may suffer .

On 27 August 1991 a proposal by Congressman Amaral Netto to reintroduce the death penalty in Brazil was returned to the Constitution and Justice Commission for further study following serious questions by parliamentarians regarding its constitutionality .
on 27 august 1991 a proposal by congressman amaral netto to reintroduce the death penalty in brazil was returned to the constitution and justice commission for further study following serious questions by parliamentarians [about] its constitutionality .

Again , the ethnographic examples of Semai , Chewong , and Piaroa demonstrate that indigenous views regarding emotional and behavioural differences in men and women need not necessarily be conceptualized .
again , the ethnographic examples of semai , chewong , and piaroa demonstrate that indigenous views [about] emotional and behavioural differences in men and women need not necessarily be conceptualized .

The Substitute had refused the chair offered to him , choosing instead to wander about the room , taking brief puffs on his cigar and regarding everything and everyone with an amused detachment that gave the impression of his being mildly surprised but pleased at having to perform the office of Public Prosecutor .
the substitute had refused the chair offered to him , choosing instead to wander about the room , taking brief puffs on his cigar and [about] everything and everyone with an amused detachment that gave the impression of his being mildly surprised but pleased at having to perform the office of public prosecutor .

Now he was standing back regarding them with the faintly anxious proprietorial air of a stallholder at a church bazaar wondering whether he has set out his wares to best advantage .
now he was standing back [about] them with the faintly anxious proprietorial air of a stallholder at a church bazaar wondering whether he has set out his wares to best advantage .

For example , when pricing excavation , removal and disposal of excavated material on site , the sub-contractor may make enquiries regarding the ultimate disposal of the spoil and in the process identify possible variations to the stated quantities .
for example , when pricing excavation , removal and disposal of excavated material on site , the sub-contractor may make enquiries [about] the ultimate disposal of the spoil and in the process identify possible variations to the stated quantities .

The agent merely states that offers should be made for the site , without providing the purchasers with any guidance regarding price .
the agent merely states that offers should be made for the site , without providing the purchasers with any guidance [about] price .

The most useful sources of information are the oldest local inhabitants who are usually aware of the circumstances regarding flooding in their area .
the most useful sources of information are the oldest local inhabitants who are usually aware of the circumstances [about] flooding in their area .

When making enquiries with the public utilities regarding availability of services it is essential to identify the position of existing services affecting the site .
when making enquiries with the public utilities [about] availability of services it is essential to identify the position of existing services affecting the site .

The previous observations regarding foul sewers apply equally to surface water sewers , except that the water authority has no statutory power to obtain easements for storm water sewers .
the previous observations [about] foul sewers apply equally to surface water sewers , except that the water authority has no statutory power to obtain easements for storm water sewers .

Negotiations will be necessary with the local authority , frequently at parish council level , regarding the provision of street lights .
negotiations will be necessary with the local authority , frequently at parish council level , [about] the provision of street lights .

The Companies Acts of 1948 to 1985 make certain requirements regarding the content and presentation of company accounts .
the companies acts of 1948 to 1985 make certain requirements [about] the content and presentation of company accounts .

Other bodies impose rules regarding the presentation and content of accounts on member companies .
other bodies impose rules [about] the presentation and content of accounts on member companies .

The accountant is faced with the same problems regarding the correct allocation of cost to the current or following month for payment certificates near or straddling the month end , as was discussed under directly employed labour .
the accountant is faced with the same problems [about] the correct allocation of cost to the current or following month for payment certificates near or straddling the month end , as was discussed under directly employed labour .

This short section does not purport to be a complete statement of the legal position regarding vertical activity .
this short section does not purport to be a complete statement of the legal position [about] vertical activity .

If we knew what the future would bring , our contract regarding the specific asset ( and other matters ) could be well and completely thought out .
if we knew what the future would bring , our contract [about] the specific asset ( and other matters ) could be well and completely thought out .

First , there are a number of standard arguments regarding integration which , although widely available in texts , should be briefly reviewed .
first , there are a number of standard arguments [about] integration which , although widely available in texts , should be briefly reviewed .

There is a similar effect regarding other services — demonstration facilities and so on .
there is a similar effect [about] other services — demonstration facilities and so on .

Resale price maintenance , quantity forcing , specification of demonstration service and promotional facilities , franchise fees , allocation of territories , and so on , can all be used to this end , assuming the manufacturer has sufficient information regarding the underlying cost and demand parameters , and assuming all are legal .
resale price maintenance , quantity forcing , specification of demonstration service and promotional facilities , franchise fees , allocation of territories , and so on , can all be used to this end , assuming the manufacturer has sufficient information [about] the underlying cost and demand parameters , and assuming all are legal .

’ He 'd stopped walking now as well and was regarding the end of his Montecristo with an expression of faintly weary inappetency .
’ he 'd stopped walking now as well and was [about] the end of his montecristo with an expression of faintly weary inappetency .

For example : the traditional notation regarding ‘ on board ’ loading was replaced by a ‘ taking in charge ’ statement ; the traditional prohibition against transhipment was eliminated , because transhipment was of the essence in combined transport ; since the transport commonly originated and finished inland , the terms ‘ place of receipt ’ and ‘ place of delivery ’ were inserted in separate boxes , either replacing the traditional ‘ port of loading ’ and ‘ port of discharge ’ or joining them as additional specifications ; and since often times the name of the vessel was not known or could not be established with certainty at the time of issuance , the box for the vessel 's name was modified to refer to an ‘ intended vessel .
for example : the traditional notation [about] ‘ on board ’ loading was replaced by a ‘ taking in charge ’ statement ; the traditional prohibition against transhipment was eliminated , because transhipment was of the essence in combined transport ; since the transport commonly originated and finished inland , the terms ‘ place of receipt ’ and ‘ place of delivery ’ were inserted in separate boxes , either replacing the traditional ‘ port of loading ’ and ‘ port of discharge ’ or joining them as additional specifications ; and since often times the name of the vessel was not known or could not be established with certainty at the time of issuance , the box for the vessel 's name was modified to refer to an ‘ intended vessel .

It is hard to estimate the effect of Parliament on the other sectors of British government , though its role is best understood by regarding it not primarily as a check on the executive but as one of the institutions through which the government operates .
it is hard to estimate the effect of parliament on the other sectors of british government , though its role is best understood by [about] it not primarily as a check on the executive but as one of the institutions through which the government operates .

We do not yet have any significant evidence regarding the permanence of the jobs created by regional policy and we will look at labour mobility programmes below .
we do not yet have any significant evidence [about] the permanence of the jobs created by regional policy and we will look at labour mobility programmes below .

What had begun as a process — the Mods ' narcissism and the Beatles ' androgyny illustrating new ways of regarding gender and the self — quickly became a sales device ( Beatles ' wigs , etc ) ; yet as this public exploration of sexuality met no barriers and the blurring effect of drugs took hold , it turned back , in 1966/7 , into an ever deeper examination of more ‘ private ’ layers of sexual divergence , of which homosexuality had always been the most easily codified .
what had begun as a process — the mods ' narcissism and the beatles ' androgyny illustrating new ways of [about] gender and the self — quickly became a sales device ( beatles ' wigs , etc ) ; yet as this public exploration of sexuality met no barriers and the blurring effect of drugs took hold , it turned back , in 1966/7 , into an ever deeper examination of more ‘ private ’ layers of sexual divergence , of which homosexuality had always been the most easily codified .

My client is prepared to supply the necessary capital , regarding it in the light of a reasonable business investment .
my client is prepared to supply the necessary capital , [about] it in the light of a reasonable business investment .

However , decisions regarding the provision of education can not be based solely on demographic trends .
however , decisions [about] the provision of education can not be based solely on demographic trends .

The procedures for closure allow for periods of consultation and these have often led to bitter disputes within the community with the result that decisions regarding closure are delayed , or based on non-scientific data .
the procedures for closure allow for periods of consultation and these have often led to bitter disputes within the community with the result that decisions [about] closure are delayed , or based on non-scientific data .

’ He dug deep into his jacket pocket , the grin fixed on his face and his bloodshot eyes regarding Beth with interest ; at length he drew a mangled envelope from his pocket and , flourishing it grandly , explained , ‘ This ‘ ere 's from a lad we come across in a foreign port .
’ he dug deep into his jacket pocket , the grin fixed on his face and his bloodshot eyes [about] beth with interest ; at length he drew a mangled envelope from his pocket and , flourishing it grandly , explained , ‘ this ‘ ere 's from a lad we come across in a foreign port .

‘ Thank you both , ’ Beth told them , at the same time stepping between the men and Cissie ; she did not like the way the younger man was regarding the girl .
‘ thank you both , ’ beth told them , at the same time stepping between the men and cissie ; she did not like the way the younger man was [about] the girl .

She stood a while , intently regarding him , her hand steadying the portmanteau on the bed , and only the merest glimmer of guilt colouring her face .
she stood a while , intently [about] him , her hand steadying the portmanteau on the bed , and only the merest glimmer of guilt colouring her face .

He had a particular reason for regarding the old female golden eagle as special and , like Creggan , he was obsessed by it now , and stood in his pyjamas staring out of an open window on to a cold and moonlit night .
he had a particular reason for [about] the old female golden eagle as special and , like creggan , he was obsessed by it now , and stood in his pyjamas staring out of an open window on to a cold and moonlit night .

There is , for example , little or no discussion on the possible distributional effects on different social groups of conservation policies regarding rural housing nor of the economic and social implications for rural housing of key settlement strategies .
there is , for example , little or no discussion on the possible distributional effects on different social groups of conservation policies [about] rural housing nor of the economic and social implications for rural housing of key settlement strategies .

An examination of the implications of the social security ‘ reforms ’ of April 1988 ( National Association of Citizens Advice Bureaux , 1988 ; Turner and Kepley , 1988 ) indicates how regarding disabled people as ‘ normal ’ results in a substantial increase in disadvantage .
an examination of the implications of the social security ‘ reforms ’ of april 1988 ( national association of citizens advice bureaux , 1988 ; turner and kepley , 1988 ) indicates how [about] disabled people as ‘ normal ’ results in a substantial increase in disadvantage .

Thus the decline in local authority housing budgets has a specific and disproportionately disadvantageous effect upon disabled people , which can only be obscured by regarding disabled people as ‘ normal ’ .
thus the decline in local authority housing budgets has a specific and disproportionately disadvantageous effect upon disabled people , which can only be obscured by [about] disabled people as ‘ normal ’ .

Users ' attitudes regarding the value of these committees varied considerably .
users ' attitudes [about] the value of these committees varied considerably .

Regarding the pattern of these physical changes over time , different kinds of impairments appear to have different ‘ trajectories ’ , although there is also a certain degree of overlap in this .
[about] the pattern of these physical changes over time , different kinds of impairments appear to have different ‘ trajectories ’ , although there is also a certain degree of overlap in this .

Others take a more philosophical view , regarding the provision of extra help as the best way of maintaining their independence , or at least avoiding any further loss of independence .
others take a more philosophical view , [about] the provision of extra help as the best way of maintaining their independence , or at least avoiding any further loss of independence .

The scope of the present debate will now be expanded by examining whether there are more substantial grounds than those so far considered for regarding companies as ‘ private ’ bodies .
the scope of the present debate will now be expanded by examining whether there are more substantial grounds than those so far considered for [about] companies as ‘ private ’ bodies .

The second reason for regarding the section as likely to have only a limited impact is that the relevant duty , like the duty to act bona fide for the benefit of the company , is a subjective one .
the second reason for [about] the section as likely to have only a limited impact is that the relevant duty , like the duty to act bona fide for the benefit of the company , is a subjective one .

Thus , although the legal model may prevent directors from regarding third party interests as ends in their own right , it is arguable that it is consistent with the directors ' obligations to the shareholders for the company to sacrifice profits in order to protect them given these possible relationships with shareholder utility .
thus , although the legal model may prevent directors from [about] third party interests as ends in their own right , it is arguable that it is consistent with the directors ' obligations to the shareholders for the company to sacrifice profits in order to protect them given these possible relationships with shareholder utility .

Even where the company is viewed as a purely private phenomenon , however , there is no justification for regarding the quality of management decision making as a matter that is ‘ private ’ in relation to the shareholders .
even where the company is viewed as a purely private phenomenon , however , there is no justification for [about] the quality of management decision making as a matter that is ‘ private ’ in relation to the shareholders .

Are there more representative ways in which public sentiments regarding governmental action may be expressed ?
are there more representative ways in which public sentiments [about] governmental action may be expressed ?

International Law so far as this Court is concerned , is the body of doctrine regarding the international rights and duties of States which has been adopted and made part of the Law of Scotland .
international law so far as this court is concerned , is the body of doctrine [about] the international rights and duties of states which has been adopted and made part of the law of scotland .

Not surprisingly , therefore , the Government 's claims regarding who is better off have become an issue of intense dispute .
not surprisingly , therefore , the government 's claims [about] who is better off have become an issue of intense dispute .

What the Government 's proposals offer is not only the chance to seize the initiative from Mrs Thatcher on this front , but to begin to think carefully about what is meant regarding the devolution of power .
what the government 's proposals offer is not only the chance to seize the initiative from mrs thatcher on this front , but to begin to think carefully about what is meant [about] the devolution of power .

Today the position regarding the monarchy is quite different .
today the position [about] the monarchy is quite different .

Our change of practice in no longer regarding previous decisions of this House as absolutely binding does not mean that whenever we think a previous decision was wrong we should reverse it .
our change of practice in no longer [about] previous decisions of this house as absolutely binding does not mean that whenever we think a previous decision was wrong we should reverse it .

348–50 Companies Act 1985 regarding publication .
348–50 companies act 1985 [about] publication .

The provisions regarding administration orders are contained in ss .
the provisions [about] administration orders are contained in ss .

Following Kant , many aesthetic theories emphasize the particular manner or attitude of regarding the object of art ; for example , the way a work of art commands our concentration and consideration , producing an abstracted and contemplative gaze .
following kant , many aesthetic theories emphasize the particular manner or attitude of [about] the object of art ; for example , the way a work of art commands our concentration and consideration , producing an abstracted and contemplative gaze .

The regulationist approach also has a strong international dimension , regarding the mechanism by which the international economy is regulated as important for every part of it .
the regulationist approach also has a strong international dimension , [about] the mechanism by which the international economy is regulated as important for every part of it .

First , in policy terms , it indicates the direction of the economy and expresses intentions regarding the utilisation of the community 's resources .
first , in policy terms , it indicates the direction of the economy and expresses intentions [about] the utilisation of the community 's resources .

’ He was regarding me with an indulgence that did not convince me .
’ he was [about] me with an indulgence that did not convince me .

Otto struck me as looking so out of place as to seem absurd , standing at the cottage door trying to approve our living accommodation , but clearly regarding it as unpromising .
otto struck me as looking so out of place as to seem absurd , standing at the cottage door trying to approve our living accommodation , but clearly [about] it as unpromising .

It can provide information regarding the possible need to change management style , to accelerate , decelerate or even terminate the activity earlier and hence save scarce resources which can be used to good effect elsewhere .
it can provide information [about] the possible need to change management style , to accelerate , decelerate or even terminate the activity earlier and hence save scarce resources which can be used to good effect elsewhere .

If we accept Massey 's ( 1984a ) argument regarding ‘ layers of investment ’ as the mechanism through which places are constantly being remade , then we are similarly accepting the longer-lived view of the landscape as a palimpsest , a parchment on which several ( perhaps many ) layers of human occupance have been laid , with the nature of each layer influencing that of the next .
if we accept massey 's ( 1984a ) argument [about] ‘ layers of investment ’ as the mechanism through which places are constantly being remade , then we are similarly accepting the longer-lived view of the landscape as a palimpsest , a parchment on which several ( perhaps many ) layers of human occupance have been laid , with the nature of each layer influencing that of the next .

Todd 's work was not introduced here to present his conclusions as uncontestable ‘ facts ’ — for there is much to debate regarding the nature of his sweeping generalizations — but rather to illustrate the importance of aspects of diversity which are not directly linked to either or both of the physical environment and the world of work .
todd 's work was not introduced here to present his conclusions as uncontestable ‘ facts ’ — for there is much to debate [about] the nature of his sweeping generalizations — but rather to illustrate the importance of aspects of diversity which are not directly linked to either or both of the physical environment and the world of work .

Regarding workplace politics , much has been written about the trades unions in the Dukeries , because of the dramatic events that occurred in Nottinghamshire in the aftermath of the 1926 General Strike .
[about] workplace politics , much has been written about the trades unions in the dukeries , because of the dramatic events that occurred in nottinghamshire in the aftermath of the 1926 general strike .

The Dukeries field was ( and still is in many respects ) different from many others on all three of the components of a place , as illustrated not only by Sunley 's arguments ( following Krieger and others ) regarding the different social relations at the workplace , but also Waller 's ( 1983 , p. 235 ) that whereas the Dukeries villages were praised for many of their design aspects , ‘ the social and political institutions of the miners in the new South Yorkshire villages left much to be desired compared with traditional and long-established coalfields ’ .
the dukeries field was ( and still is in many respects ) different from many others on all three of the components of a place , as illustrated not only by sunley 's arguments ( following krieger and others ) [about] the different social relations at the workplace , but also waller 's ( 1983 , p. 235 ) that whereas the dukeries villages were praised for many of their design aspects , ‘ the social and political institutions of the miners in the new south yorkshire villages left much to be desired compared with traditional and long-established coalfields ’ .

The picturesque taste invariably distances and romanticizes , viewing the cottage from the outside , not the inside ; regarding it as a feature in the landscape , not as a place to live in .
the picturesque taste invariably distances and romanticizes , viewing the cottage from the outside , not the inside ; [about] it as a feature in the landscape , not as a place to live in .

Positions taken in relation to it will usually reflect markedly different perspectives regarding the position of people in organisations .
positions taken in relation to it will usually reflect markedly different perspectives [about] the position of people in organisations .

It is not that the advocates of these approaches to the curriculum take different views of the nature of society , but that they fundamentally differ regarding the purposes of education .
it is not that the advocates of these approaches to the curriculum take different views of the nature of society , but that they fundamentally differ [about] the purposes of education .

Regarding the involvement of others , besides teachers , we are unlikely to have a Swedish style debate in Parliament , despite the fact that the community has a right to it , and that curricular decision-making is a political act .
[about] the involvement of others , besides teachers , we are unlikely to have a swedish style debate in parliament , despite the fact that the community has a right to it , and that curricular decision-making is a political act .

At weekly evening meetings staff discussed their observations of their own classes and took decisions regarding what seemed to be required in terms of teaching strategy , expectations , or reinforcement .
at weekly evening meetings staff discussed their observations of their own classes and took decisions [about] what seemed to be required in terms of teaching strategy , expectations , or reinforcement .

If a court were minded in particular circumstances to permit the questioning of the proceedings of the House in the way proposed , it would be proper for the leave of the House to be sought first by way of petition so that , if leave were granted , no question would arise of the House regarding its privileges as having been breached .
if a court were minded in particular circumstances to permit the questioning of the proceedings of the house in the way proposed , it would be proper for the leave of the house to be sought first by way of petition so that , if leave were granted , no question would arise of the house [about] its privileges as having been breached .

Gosling was inclined to be philosophical at the strike 's failure , simply regarding it as `` a fiasco which showed with brutal clearness how weak our young organisation still was `` .
gosling was inclined to be philosophical at the strike 's failure , simply [about] it as `` a fiasco which showed with brutal clearness how weak our young organisation still was `` .

However , the relatively high ( if lower than average ) proportion of people in the educational and health occupations regarding themselves as in the seasonal , temporary or casual category might result from many of them being engaged on a `` temporary `` basis but for an unspecified ( non-fixed ) period , perhaps to replace workers who are absent or until regular or permanent recruitments can be made .
however , the relatively high ( if lower than average ) proportion of people in the educational and health occupations [about] themselves as in the seasonal , temporary or casual category might result from many of them being engaged on a `` temporary `` basis but for an unspecified ( non-fixed ) period , perhaps to replace workers who are absent or until regular or permanent recruitments can be made .

Table 4.2 , which illustrates this , also shows that the state of the local labour market made little difference to the proportion regarding their first jobs as `` stop-gap `` .
table 4.2 , which illustrates this , also shows that the state of the local labour market made little difference to the proportion [about] their first jobs as `` stop-gap `` .

Among those who do not , many are not interested in building up the sort of long-term relationship characterised by mutual obligations which a system built upon rights implies ; some are `` voluntary `` temporary workers only wanting occasional work , others are `` involuntary `` ones regarding their current job as , at best , `` stop-gap `` employment .
among those who do not , many are not interested in building up the sort of long-term relationship characterised by mutual obligations which a system built upon rights implies ; some are `` voluntary `` temporary workers only wanting occasional work , others are `` involuntary `` ones [about] their current job as , at best , `` stop-gap `` employment .

In paragraph 16 they point out that the defects stem from regarding larceny as a violation of possession and not of rights of ownership , with the offence depending on a taking of the property .
in paragraph 16 they point out that the defects stem from [about] larceny as a violation of possession and not of rights of ownership , with the offence depending on a taking of the property .

If the plants are barerooted , spread the roots out in the hole , with the same proviso regarding the long ones , and then crumble soil in over them to fill the hole .
if the plants are barerooted , spread the roots out in the hole , with the same proviso [about] the long ones , and then crumble soil in over them to fill the hole .

Gates and Bradshaw ( 1977b ) have reviewed the literature concerning music and the cerebral hemispheres and caution against regarding one particular hemisphere as dominant for musical functions .
gates and bradshaw ( 1977b ) have reviewed the literature concerning music and the cerebral hemispheres and caution against [about] one particular hemisphere as dominant for musical functions .

In view of the relationship between handedness and the cerebral organisation of speech recent genetic theories of handedness ( reviewed in Chapter 2 ) do , in fact , make explicit statements regarding the genetic control of speech lateralisation .
in view of the relationship between handedness and the cerebral organisation of speech recent genetic theories of handedness ( reviewed in chapter 2 ) do , in fact , make explicit statements [about] the genetic control of speech lateralisation .

Moore ( 1936 ) thought that diet influenced shell shape as well as shell colour : regarding the development of the wide-mouthed open-shore form a consequence of a mussel-rich diet .
moore ( 1936 ) thought that diet influenced shell shape as well as shell colour : [about] the development of the wide-mouthed open-shore form a consequence of a mussel-rich diet .

Some Soviet writers have overstressed the importance of free peasant settlers in the early years , regarding their spontaneous settlement among the native inhabitants as evidence of a happy intermingling of the peoples of the Russian Empire , a sort of prelude to Lenin 's nationality policy .
some soviet writers have overstressed the importance of free peasant settlers in the early years , [about] their spontaneous settlement among the native inhabitants as evidence of a happy intermingling of the peoples of the russian empire , a sort of prelude to lenin 's nationality policy .

This article has tried to give the reader an insight into starting with large cichlids regarding fish and their selection .
this article has tried to give the reader an insight into starting with large cichlids [about] fish and their selection .

The good news is that as none of your other fishes have shown any signs of disease it sounds as if it was something non-infectious , so that you should have nothing to worry about regarding their health .
the good news is that as none of your other fishes have shown any signs of disease it sounds as if it was something non-infectious , so that you should have nothing to worry about [about] their health .

Problems usually arise because many reef species are capable of more than a little antisocial behaviour — and it is difficult to lay down precise guidelines regarding their compatibility because marine fish , like people , are individuals and do n't necessarily conform to generalised behaviour patterns .
problems usually arise because many reef species are capable of more than a little antisocial behaviour — and it is difficult to lay down precise guidelines [about] their compatibility because marine fish , like people , are individuals and do n't necessarily conform to generalised behaviour patterns .

Of the predatory carnivores which choose to feed almost exclusively on invertebrates many are selective regarding target prey .
of the predatory carnivores which choose to feed almost exclusively on invertebrates many are selective [about] target prey .

Regarding the prediscovery sightings of Neptune , Lalande 's in 1795 is said too differ from ephemeris predictions by seven or more arcseconds , but Standish shows by extrapolating two ephemerides backwards that the predictions are uncertain by at least several arcseconds ; combined with the scatter in Lalande 's observations this makes the discrepancy rather dubious .
[about] the prediscovery sightings of neptune , lalande 's in 1795 is said too differ from ephemeris predictions by seven or more arcseconds , but standish shows by extrapolating two ephemerides backwards that the predictions are uncertain by at least several arcseconds ; combined with the scatter in lalande 's observations this makes the discrepancy rather dubious .

One major reservation must be added regarding commuting .
one major reservation must be added [about] commuting .

Even more interesting is the finding by Drudy and Drudy ( 1979 ) that there were no differences between male and female school-leavers regarding their expectation of migrating .
even more interesting is the finding by drudy and drudy ( 1979 ) that there were no differences between male and female school-leavers [about] their expectation of migrating .

The two ‘ communities ’ are in competition for scarce resources in a number of instances , especially regarding housing , environment and land .
the two ‘ communities ’ are in competition for scarce resources in a number of instances , especially [about] housing , environment and land .

The research that has been carried out in Leeds illustrates the complexity of the data regarding the comparative involvement of Blacks and Whites in the Criminal Justice System .
the research that has been carried out in leeds illustrates the complexity of the data [about] the comparative involvement of blacks and whites in the criminal justice system .

an expression of the person 's thoughts , opinions or emotions regarding the serious offence or alleged serious offence of which that person has been convicted .
an expression of the person 's thoughts , opinions or emotions [about] the serious offence or alleged serious offence of which that person has been convicted .

It is also a part of modern rehabilitation therapy to encourage offenders to express their feelings and experiences regarding their crimes .
it is also a part of modern rehabilitation therapy to encourage offenders to express their feelings and experiences [about] their crimes .

‘ One is faced with the difficult task of defining the limits of the phrase ‘ the expression of such accused or convicted person 's thoughts , feelings , opinions , or emotions regarding such crime . ’ Exactly how narrowly or broadly is the phrase ‘ regarding such crime ’ to be read ? If the accused person recounts his childhood experiences and relates them to his commission of the crime , is the entire discussion ‘ regarding such crime ’ ? If a person writes a book or magazine article denying that he has committed any crime , are his words to be interpreted as his opinion regarding the crime ? If a person criticizes the criminal justice system and uses as an example the handling of his case , are his opinions to be considered opinions ‘ regarding such crime ’ ? ’
‘ one is faced with the difficult task of defining the limits of the phrase ‘ the expression of such accused or convicted person 's thoughts , feelings , opinions , or emotions [about] such crime . ’ exactly how narrowly or broadly is the phrase ‘ [about] such crime ’ to be read ? if the accused person recounts his childhood experiences and relates them to his commission of the crime , is the entire discussion ‘ [about] such crime ’ ? if a person writes a book or magazine article denying that he has committed any crime , are his words to be interpreted as his opinion [about] the crime ? if a person criticizes the criminal justice system and uses as an example the handling of his case , are his opinions to be considered opinions ‘ [about] such crime ’ ? ’

The difficulty about regarding this as the whole story , however , is that the court does not seem to have been in doubt that the purpose of the additional charges was to prevent the release of the applicants , but it did not regard this as conclusive .
the difficulty about [about] this as the whole story , however , is that the court does not seem to have been in doubt that the purpose of the additional charges was to prevent the release of the applicants , but it did not regard this as conclusive .

The fact that evidence does not support the prosecution 's case is clearly not a reason for regarding it as irrelevant ; and it is difficult to see how any recording of part of the actual event in issue could ever be so regarded .
the fact that evidence does not support the prosecution 's case is clearly not a reason for [about] it as irrelevant ; and it is difficult to see how any recording of part of the actual event in issue could ever be so regarded .

Rumours abounded at the salon regarding the relationship between Alice and le Maître all of which he vehemently denied whenever he heard the gossip .
rumours abounded at the salon [about] the relationship between alice and le maître all of which he vehemently denied whenever he heard the gossip .

Félix was regarding her with a look of amused tenderness .
félix was [about] her with a look of amused tenderness .

We look forward to hearing from you regarding the above in the near future .
we look forward to hearing from you [about] the above in the near future .

the detainer has not complied with the provisions regarding notice ; or
the detainer has not complied with the provisions [about] notice ; or

It will look at the part played by pressure groups in the system , and it will examine the case that has been made for regarding democracy as significantly undermined by ‘ political elites ’ .
it will look at the part played by pressure groups in the system , and it will examine the case that has been made for [about] democracy as significantly undermined by ‘ political elites ’ .

Regarding central/local relations the report urged that local authorities should have greater powers to determine their own structure , organization and policy and should be put in a stronger financial position .
[about] central/local relations the report urged that local authorities should have greater powers to determine their own structure , organization and policy and should be put in a stronger financial position .

Editor , — Mike Dudley and colleagues advise caution in extrapolating our results regarding activity undertaken by nurse practitioners in accident and emergency departments on the grounds that we made no attempt to ensure that nurse practitioners were actually on duty on the two days chosen for the census .
editor , — mike dudley and colleagues advise caution in extrapolating our results [about] activity undertaken by nurse practitioners in accident and emergency departments on the grounds that we made no attempt to ensure that nurse practitioners were actually on duty on the two days chosen for the census .

The third change introduced in the Child Support Act — alongside the introduction of the Agency and the use of the formula — is the change to the benefit rules regarding hours of work .
the third change introduced in the child support act — alongside the introduction of the agency and the use of the formula — is the change to the benefit rules [about] hours of work .

This survey aimed to provide some baseline information regarding their current procedures for ensuring quality of care in general practice asthma clinics .
this survey aimed to provide some baseline information [about] their current procedures for ensuring quality of care in general practice asthma clinics .

9–8–1904 `` The Session had a conference regarding the situation created by the decision of the House of Lords in the Church Case .
9–8–1904 `` the session had a conference [about] the situation created by the decision of the house of lords in the church case .

In the context of this paper it is suggested that the following principles are added : dementia sufferers should be maintained in their own homes for as long as possible dementia sufferers should be maintained in their own community for as long as possible the number of moves should be kept to a minimum the independence , dignity and privacy of the sufferer must be respected the dementia sufferers must be involved as far as possible in discussions and decisions regarding their care and any possible move carers or potential carers should be involved in the decision-making process .
in the context of this paper it is suggested that the following principles are added : dementia sufferers should be maintained in their own homes for as long as possible dementia sufferers should be maintained in their own community for as long as possible the number of moves should be kept to a minimum the independence , dignity and privacy of the sufferer must be respected the dementia sufferers must be involved as far as possible in discussions and decisions [about] their care and any possible move carers or potential carers should be involved in the decision-making process .

Decisions regarding a move to other accommodation should , if possible , not be rushed , specially if the sufferer has recently been bereaved .
decisions [about] a move to other accommodation should , if possible , not be rushed , specially if the sufferer has recently been bereaved .

Decisions regarding a move to other accommodation should , if possible , not be rushed , specially if the sufferer has been recently bereaved .
decisions [about] a move to other accommodation should , if possible , not be rushed , specially if the sufferer has been recently bereaved .

The contingent cause of the crisis is not of great significance , a tale of possible sabotage , possible negligence regarding the transport of shells destined for the battle front in late 1915 .
the contingent cause of the crisis is not of great significance , a tale of possible sabotage , possible negligence [about] the transport of shells destined for the battle front in late 1915 .

Although , for example , Nizan and Politzer unquestionably made the correct tactical decision in 1929 in siding with Rappoport and the party against the other less orthodox members of the editorial board of La Revue marxiste , and although the party itself was doubtless justified in harbouring misgivings regarding an `` independent `` Marxist journal , the incident itself highlighted the inevitably tense relationship between a disciplined revolutionary party and its intellectual membership and fellow-travellers .
although , for example , nizan and politzer unquestionably made the correct tactical decision in 1929 in siding with rappoport and the party against the other less orthodox members of the editorial board of la revue marxiste , and although the party itself was doubtless justified in harbouring misgivings [about] an `` independent `` marxist journal , the incident itself highlighted the inevitably tense relationship between a disciplined revolutionary party and its intellectual membership and fellow-travellers .

The break in 1939 invites speculation at every point in Nizan 's development regarding his commitment to communism .
the break in 1939 invites speculation at every point in nizan 's development [about] his commitment to communism .

He accuses Gide of interpreting the Soviet experience from an excessively psychological , literary perspective with the result that genuine advances on the socioeconomic front are obscured , on the one hand , by an unwarranted preoccupation with the psychology of the Soviet people , and on the other , by bourgeois prejudices regarding the stultifying `` conformism `` of Soviet society .
he accuses gide of interpreting the soviet experience from an excessively psychological , literary perspective with the result that genuine advances on the socioeconomic front are obscured , on the one hand , by an unwarranted preoccupation with the psychology of the soviet people , and on the other , by bourgeois prejudices [about] the stultifying `` conformism `` of soviet society .

The turbulent nature of the cultural politics of the period should not , however , divert attention away from two significant points regarding the political and cultural evolution of the French communist party at this time .
the turbulent nature of the cultural politics of the period should not , however , divert attention away from two significant points [about] the political and cultural evolution of the french communist party at this time .

The editorial policy that he pursued in Monde was ultimately no doubt as much a product of his natural inclination for popular front co-operative politics , as it was a consequence of his scepticism regarding the possibilities for the development of proletarian literature in interwar capitalist France dominated by a hegemonic bourgeois cultural tradition .
the editorial policy that he pursued in monde was ultimately no doubt as much a product of his natural inclination for popular front co-operative politics , as it was a consequence of his scepticism [about] the possibilities for the development of proletarian literature in interwar capitalist france dominated by a hegemonic bourgeois cultural tradition .

Yet in Thorez 's case , for example , his natural preference for the practical realities of daily politics rather than the abstract myths of sectarian rhetoric would almost certainly have sown doubts in his own mind regarding the viability of the implantation of Soviet cultural policies within a French context .
yet in thorez 's case , for example , his natural preference for the practical realities of daily politics rather than the abstract myths of sectarian rhetoric would almost certainly have sown doubts in his own mind [about] the viability of the implantation of soviet cultural policies within a french context .

The policy regarding transfusion of red cells was as previously described ; staff present at delivery could not be blinded to the treatment group but were seldom responsible for ordering transfusion .
the policy [about] transfusion of red cells was as previously described ; staff present at delivery could not be blinded to the treatment group but were seldom responsible for ordering transfusion .

Editor , — Recent correspondence regarding travel and sexually transmitted diseases has focused mainly on holidaymakers rather than business travellers .
editor , — recent correspondence [about] travel and sexually transmitted diseases has focused mainly on holidaymakers rather than business travellers .

There are at least two other central issues that must be discussed before we can obtain a clearer insight into what is involved in regarding something as an ontological existent .
there are at least two other central issues that must be discussed before we can obtain a clearer insight into what is involved in [about] something as an ontological existent .

In any case , the reasons for regarding the idea of numerical identity and that of numerical diversity as significant are not such as might enable us to decide unequivocally whether something observed on one occasion is numerically the same as something else observed on a different occasion , or how many ontological objects are involved in a given case .
in any case , the reasons for [about] the idea of numerical identity and that of numerical diversity as significant are not such as might enable us to decide unequivocally whether something observed on one occasion is numerically the same as something else observed on a different occasion , or how many ontological objects are involved in a given case .

Regarding effect on lifestyle , 154 ( 36 % ) sufferers felt there had been a great deal or fair amount of effect ( 55 ( 45 % ) men and 99 ( 34 % ) women ) .
[about] effect on lifestyle , 154 ( 36 % ) sufferers felt there had been a great deal or fair amount of effect ( 55 ( 45 % ) men and 99 ( 34 % ) women ) .

The availability of data from the 1991 census , which included a question regarding longstanding illness , together with the intention of the Department of Health to review the weighted capitation formula using this information may stimulate much work but little light .
the availability of data from the 1991 census , which included a question [about] longstanding illness , together with the intention of the department of health to review the weighted capitation formula using this information may stimulate much work but little light .

The controversy regarding treatment should not be allowed to detract from screening as improvements in current methods of treatment and the introduction of new strategies in management are likely to emerge ; it serves to make the point that a randomised controlled trial comparing the different methods of treatment and non-treatment should also be instituted .
the controversy [about] treatment should not be allowed to detract from screening as improvements in current methods of treatment and the introduction of new strategies in management are likely to emerge ; it serves to make the point that a randomised controlled trial comparing the different methods of treatment and non-treatment should also be instituted .

Priorities regarding the degree of urgency of an appointment must be decided on the basis of the information received in the referral letter .
priorities [about] the degree of urgency of an appointment must be decided on the basis of the information received in the referral letter .

For patients in the usual age group who present with symptomatic outflow obstruction and have ‘ incidental ’ well differentiated prostatic cancer confined to the gland , most urologists in Britain would perform a transurethral resection to relieve the symptoms but adopt a policy of watchful waiting regarding the cancer .
for patients in the usual age group who present with symptomatic outflow obstruction and have ‘ incidental ’ well differentiated prostatic cancer confined to the gland , most urologists in britain would perform a transurethral resection to relieve the symptoms but adopt a policy of watchful waiting [about] the cancer .

Russell Jones 's comments regarding the practice of good dermatology and the requirements of ‘ adequate eyesight and clinical expertise ’ backed up by hospital based diagnostic and therapeutic facilities raise questions about why dermatologists often have a monopoly of these facilities and whether general practitioners should have open access to these facilities .
russell jones 's comments [about] the practice of good dermatology and the requirements of ‘ adequate eyesight and clinical expertise ’ backed up by hospital based diagnostic and therapeutic facilities raise questions about why dermatologists often have a monopoly of these facilities and whether general practitioners should have open access to these facilities .

There are some interesting service exceptions regarding offices , e.g .
there are some interesting service exceptions [about] offices , e.g .

Let us deal first with the Census of Employment data regarding the large inclusive area of Northern Tyneside describing work force by location of establishment , in other words the people who work within this area but who do not necessarily live within it .
let us deal first with the census of employment data [about] the large inclusive area of northern tyneside describing work force by location of establishment , in other words the people who work within this area but who do not necessarily live within it .

We have got this far and ignored a lot of work regarding issues of land rent and of the nature of capital 's relation with land as part of a general accumulation process .
we have got this far and ignored a lot of work [about] issues of land rent and of the nature of capital 's relation with land as part of a general accumulation process .

There was a mutter of in drawn breath ; lost eyes regarding her .
there was a mutter of in drawn breath ; lost eyes [about] her .

Regarding access to health care , we meet the fact that women usually live longer than men .
[about] access to health care , we meet the fact that women usually live longer than men .

However , patterns of segregation within towns also depend on the ways in which roads and railways have expanded , and on political decisions regarding the location of council housing and more general planning policies .
however , patterns of segregation within towns also depend on the ways in which roads and railways have expanded , and on political decisions [about] the location of council housing and more general planning policies .

Are we justified in regarding these examples as unequivocally wrong in all circumstances ? Can you , for example , think of situations in which ( 3 ) and ( 5 ) would be acceptable ? How far do the errors interfere with the original meaning ?
are we justified in [about] these examples as unequivocally wrong in all circumstances ? can you , for example , think of situations in which ( 3 ) and ( 5 ) would be acceptable ? how far do the errors interfere with the original meaning ?

We might even be justified as regarding the end of each sentence as the point at which the sender assesses the effect on a potential receiver , imagines a reply , and adjusts the next sentence accordingly .
we might even be justified as [about] the end of each sentence as the point at which the sender assesses the effect on a potential receiver , imagines a reply , and adjusts the next sentence accordingly .

Since the analyst has only limited access to what a speaker intended , or how sincerely he was behaving , in the production of a discourse fragment , any claims regarding the implicatures identified will have the status of interpretations .
since the analyst has only limited access to what a speaker intended , or how sincerely he was behaving , in the production of a discourse fragment , any claims [about] the implicatures identified will have the status of interpretations .

The main issue is a question of principle regarding the correct interpretation of section 6 ( 2 ) of the Act .
the main issue is a question of principle [about] the correct interpretation of section 6 ( 2 ) of the act .

That may explain why procedural provisions regarding the operation of subsection ( 2 ) are not spelled out .
that may explain why procedural provisions [about] the operation of subsection ( 2 ) are not spelled out .

An understanding of what lies between the parties may be made easier if we refer to some of the statutory provisions in the Rules of the Supreme Court regarding the taxation of costs .
an understanding of what lies between the parties may be made easier if we refer to some of the statutory provisions in the rules of the supreme court [about] the taxation of costs .

This case shows that statutory provisions regarding payment of costs need not impinge upon the right of a party to litigation to recover his costs by means that do not involve payment .
this case shows that statutory provisions [about] payment of costs need not impinge upon the right of a party to litigation to recover his costs by means that do not involve payment .

Lord Wilberforce said , regarding the ‘ territorial principle , ’ at p. 152 :
lord wilberforce said , [about] the ‘ territorial principle , ’ at p. 152 :

Sections 238 and 239 are matched by comparable provisions , in sections 339 to 342 , regarding individuals who are adjudged bankrupt . Section 339 , concerning transactions at an undervalue , provides :
sections 238 and 239 are matched by comparable provisions , in sections 339 to 342 , [about] individuals who are adjudged bankrupt . section 339 , concerning transactions at an undervalue , provides :

Section 342 , regarding the orders which the court may make , is in similar terms to section 241 .
section 342 , [about] the orders which the court may make , is in similar terms to section 241 .

Finally , section 423 , coupled with sections 424 and 425 , makes provision regarding ‘ transactions defrauding creditors .
finally , section 423 , coupled with sections 424 and 425 , makes provision [about] ‘ transactions defrauding creditors .

’ This definition was not carried forward into the later Acts , although both the Act of 1979 and the current Act did reproduce some of the provisions regarding depositors which were contained in the Act of 1963 .
’ this definition was not carried forward into the later acts , although both the act of 1979 and the current act did reproduce some of the provisions [about] depositors which were contained in the act of 1963 .

‘ Indeed , the elaborate statutory provisions in various Finance Acts regarding the precise circumstances in which income tax already paid may be reclaimed would have been quite unnecessary if the conclusion sought to be drawn by the corporation were sound .
‘ indeed , the elaborate statutory provisions in various finance acts [about] the precise circumstances in which income tax already paid may be reclaimed would have been quite unnecessary if the conclusion sought to be drawn by the corporation were sound .

The position regarding administration orders over unregistered companies has not been finally settled by judicial decision .
the position [about] administration orders over unregistered companies has not been finally settled by judicial decision .

11 , Stork Road has already been sold and the dispute regarding that property concerns the destination of the net proceeds of sale , namely , the sum of £16,000 with some accruing interest .
11 , stork road has already been sold and the dispute [about] that property concerns the destination of the net proceeds of sale , namely , the sum of £16,000 with some accruing interest .

If the application is not dismissed , the court must fix a hearing , at least seven days ' notice of which must be given to the debtor ( or his solicitor if the application was made by his solicitor ) and the creditor and the person named in the demand , if any , with whom communication regarding the demand can be made .
if the application is not dismissed , the court must fix a hearing , at least seven days ' notice of which must be given to the debtor ( or his solicitor if the application was made by his solicitor ) and the creditor and the person named in the demand , if any , with whom communication [about] the demand can be made .

The official receiver as convener of the meeting can require the bankrupt to attend the meeting ( r 6.84 ) and so it must be presumed that matters regarding the bankrupt 's activities can be raised by either the official receiver or those present .
the official receiver as convener of the meeting can require the bankrupt to attend the meeting ( r 6.84 ) and so it must be presumed that matters [about] the bankrupt 's activities can be raised by either the official receiver or those present .

The trustee must send a report to every member of the committee setting out the position generally regarding the progress of his administration .
the trustee must send a report to every member of the committee setting out the position generally [about] the progress of his administration .

Thus a British embassy official reported on a three-hour lunch with a distressed Shah … One reason for the length of the audience was , It think , that he found some comfort in being offered a number of more or less obvious platitudes , regarding the transitory nature of the present political muddle . ``
thus a british embassy official reported on a three-hour lunch with a distressed shah … one reason for the length of the audience was , it think , that he found some comfort in being offered a number of more or less obvious platitudes , [about] the transitory nature of the present political muddle . ``

Regarding fees , pre-booking is available at £12.50 per adult and £6.00 per child up to twelve years old .
[about] fees , pre-booking is available at £12.50 per adult and £6.00 per child up to twelve years old .

In spite of the fact that women artists never gained a powerful position in the art establishment regarding both the official policy and semi-official theory — if we look at the recent cultural history of Yugoslavia the exceptions can be found to confirm the independence and the distinctive standpoint of women artists .
in spite of the fact that women artists never gained a powerful position in the art establishment [about] both the official policy and semi-official theory — if we look at the recent cultural history of yugoslavia the exceptions can be found to confirm the independence and the distinctive standpoint of women artists .

In a civil question between the creditors of a deceased and insolvent certificate-holder and his widow , who , without objection by the creditors , obtained the certificate and thereafter carried on the business without any agreement being made regarding her paying her husband 's debts , or the application of the profits during her tenancy , it was decided that she was not bound to account to the creditors for the profits earned by her under her own certificate : Stewart 's Trs .
in a civil question between the creditors of a deceased and insolvent certificate-holder and his widow , who , without objection by the creditors , obtained the certificate and thereafter carried on the business without any agreement being made [about] her paying her husband 's debts , or the application of the profits during her tenancy , it was decided that she was not bound to account to the creditors for the profits earned by her under her own certificate : stewart 's trs .

( 3 ) See note to s.08 regarding the requirement to provide meals with the sale of alcohol and what constitutes a " meal . "
( 3 ) see note to s.08 [about] the requirement to provide meals with the sale of alcohol and what constitutes a " meal . "

For the corresponding provisions regarding renewal of licences , see 55.5 , 24 and 30 .
for the corresponding provisions [about] renewal of licences , see 55.5 , 24 and 30 .

It will be noted that failure to comply with a direction regarding structural alterations to a seamen 's canteen may result in a refusal to renew the licence It the next application , and not to a fine as under s.36 .
it will be noted that failure to comply with a direction [about] structural alterations to a seamen 's canteen may result in a refusal to renew the licence it the next application , and not to a fine as under s.36 .

Additional provisions regarding restricted hotel and restaurant licences
additional provisions [about] restricted hotel and restaurant licences

For about five seconds the two groups stood regarding each other .
for about five seconds the two groups stood [about] each other .

( b ) to make recommendations to bus operators and the Secretary of State regarding the effects of this Act on bus passengers in Scotland .
( b ) to make recommendations to bus operators and the secretary of state [about] the effects of this act on bus passengers in scotland .

It refers to the duty being placed on the new committee , ( a ) to monitor the effects of this Act on bus passengers in Scotland ; and , ( b ) to make recommendations to bus operators and the Secretary of State regarding the effects of this Act on bus passengers in Scotland . ``
it refers to the duty being placed on the new committee , ( a ) to monitor the effects of this act on bus passengers in scotland ; and , ( b ) to make recommendations to bus operators and the secretary of state [about] the effects of this act on bus passengers in scotland . ``

Children are encouraged to assume as much responsibility as possible regarding their own learning , and to be involved in setting their own personal goals when appropriate .
children are encouraged to assume as much responsibility as possible [about] their own learning , and to be involved in setting their own personal goals when appropriate .

Two further points regarding the ways managers cope with ambiguity will be of relevance to our consideration of strategic management .
two further points [about] the ways managers cope with ambiguity will be of relevance to our consideration of strategic management .

‘ Delighted to meet you , ’ he was saying , regarding her keenly from deep-set , mesmerising dark eyes .
‘ delighted to meet you , ’ he was saying , [about] her keenly from deep-set , mesmerising dark eyes .

In fact she 'd said some pretty rude things to him regarding his speedboat-driving , which made the prospect of working with him decidedly awkward .
in fact she 'd said some pretty rude things to him [about] his speedboat-driving , which made the prospect of working with him decidedly awkward .

He cut the engine , regarding her levelly down the length of the boat .
he cut the engine , [about] her levelly down the length of the boat .

However , evidence regarding the latter , which is more plentiful than that on family violence , shows that it is hard to draw clear lines of demarcation between different sections of the working class .
however , evidence [about] the latter , which is more plentiful than that on family violence , shows that it is hard to draw clear lines of demarcation between different sections of the working class .

What is striking from the admittedly patchy evidence regarding the health status of working class women is the apparent lack of any real improvement during the period .
what is striking from the admittedly patchy evidence [about] the health status of working class women is the apparent lack of any real improvement during the period .

In coming to his conclusion , Newman ignored the available statistical evidence regarding environmental variables , which showed infant mortality to be primarily a problem of poor inner city areas , where sanitation was particularly bad .
in coming to his conclusion , newman ignored the available statistical evidence [about] environmental variables , which showed infant mortality to be primarily a problem of poor inner city areas , where sanitation was particularly bad .

As Carol Dyhouse has pointed out , in concentrating their attention on mothercraft , medical experts tended to devalue women 's knowledge regarding infant care , one doctor going so far as to label grandmothers as ‘ infanticide experts ’ .
as carol dyhouse has pointed out , in concentrating their attention on mothercraft , medical experts tended to devalue women 's knowledge [about] infant care , one doctor going so far as to label grandmothers as ‘ infanticide experts ’ .

Robert Roberts also recorded the objections of working class parents in Manchester to the preliminary investigations regarding eligibility for free school meals , which were made by the school attendance officers , ‘ men of little education and known authoritarianism ’ .
robert roberts also recorded the objections of working class parents in manchester to the preliminary investigations [about] eligibility for free school meals , which were made by the school attendance officers , ‘ men of little education and known authoritarianism ’ .

Moreover , preservation of this family model was seen as crucial to the stability of the state and throughout the period fears regarding family disintegration were repeatedly expressed .
moreover , preservation of this family model was seen as crucial to the stability of the state and throughout the period fears [about] family disintegration were repeatedly expressed .

Suspicions regarding the character of the working class husband were fuelled during the 1870s by revelations concerning wife-beating and the propaganda campaign mounted by Frances Power Cobbe , a leading middle class feminist , over what she called ‘ wife torture ’ .
suspicions [about] the character of the working class husband were fuelled during the 1870s by revelations concerning wife-beating and the propaganda campaign mounted by frances power cobbe , a leading middle class feminist , over what she called ‘ wife torture ’ .

However , leaders of working class women 's groups showed no awareness of this anxiety regarding the role of the state .
however , leaders of working class women 's groups showed no awareness of this anxiety [about] the role of the state .

But neither the second 1871 recommendation regarding widows , nor the order respecting deserted wives were generally implemented , as outdoor relief was found to be cheaper than taking children into the workhouse .
but neither the second 1871 recommendation [about] widows , nor the order respecting deserted wives were generally implemented , as outdoor relief was found to be cheaper than taking children into the workhouse .

The rules regarding outdoor relief for widows were significantly relaxed in 1911 .
the rules [about] outdoor relief for widows were significantly relaxed in 1911 .

People think women who do not want to marry unfeminine , people think women who do want to marry immodest — people combine both opinions by regarding it as unfeminine for women not to look forward longingly to wifehood as the hope and purpose of their lives , and ridiculing and condemning any individual woman of their acquaintance whom they suspect of entertaining such a longing .
people think women who do not want to marry unfeminine , people think women who do want to marry immodest — people combine both opinions by [about] it as unfeminine for women not to look forward longingly to wifehood as the hope and purpose of their lives , and ridiculing and condemning any individual woman of their acquaintance whom they suspect of entertaining such a longing .

While arguments regarding biologically-based sexual differences applied to all women , the Victorian scientists who developed them built up their theories on the basis of assumptions regarding the behaviour of women in their own class , and , as Elizabeth Fee has pointed out , there was therefore an essential circularity in their reasoning .
while arguments [about] biologically-based sexual differences applied to all women , the victorian scientists who developed them built up their theories on the basis of assumptions [about] the behaviour of women in their own class , and , as elizabeth fee has pointed out , there was therefore an essential circularity in their reasoning .

The extent to which the medical prescriptions regarding women 's role were mediated and/or resisted by middle class women is difficult to assess , but it would be wrong to characterise women simply as victims either in their relationship with their physicians or in respect to theories of sexual difference generally .
the extent to which the medical prescriptions [about] women 's role were mediated and/or resisted by middle class women is difficult to assess , but it would be wrong to characterise women simply as victims either in their relationship with their physicians or in respect to theories of sexual difference generally .

Some of the empirical research which demolished aspects of late nineteenth-century ideas regarding sexual difference was in fact performed by women .
some of the empirical research which demolished aspects of late nineteenth-century ideas [about] sexual difference was in fact performed by women .

The premise behind regarding both want and excess as jurisdictional defects , and the breadth of meaning given to excess , are therefore implicitly based upon a Gould type theory .
the premise behind [about] both want and excess as jurisdictional defects , and the breadth of meaning given to excess , are therefore implicitly based upon a gould type theory .

Fernie was regarding her with some awe .
fernie was [about] her with some awe .

While such actions are welcome , for some governments and for many people , no amount of safety measures or reassurances regarding the ability to cope with a reactor accident is satisfactory .
while such actions are welcome , for some governments and for many people , no amount of safety measures or reassurances [about] the ability to cope with a reactor accident is satisfactory .

Given the significance of the stratospheric ozone layer , concern regarding the effects of pollution of the stratosphere has been expressed in recent years .
given the significance of the stratospheric ozone layer , concern [about] the effects of pollution of the stratosphere has been expressed in recent years .

She opened them to find that the priest had come in and was blandly regarding her and her father .
she opened them to find that the priest had come in and was blandly [about] her and her father .

Tealtaoich stood quite still , regarding the waiting Trees and seeing that they were listening and apparently politely prepared to hear anything he had to say .
tealtaoich stood quite still , [about] the waiting trees and seeing that they were listening and apparently politely prepared to hear anything he had to say .

‘ Is there nothing we can do to — to save you ? ’ said Fenella , and saw the wise ancient eyes regarding her .
‘ is there nothing we can do to — to save you ? ’ said fenella , and saw the wise ancient eyes [about] her .

He lowered his arms and folded them , then stood regarding Caspar .
he lowered his arms and folded them , then stood [about] caspar .

the ideological problem of how to break down popular expectations regarding social provisions which became established during the postwar years of Keynesian consensus politics .
the ideological problem of how to break down popular expectations [about] social provisions which became established during the postwar years of keynesian consensus politics .

The hungry soulless being who served Crom Croich and walked abroad crying to be let in , and who carried on his back a dripping sack … He was sitting up now , regarding Fergus with a sly glittering smile , and there was a terrible knowledge in his eyes , and there was a knowing look .
the hungry soulless being who served crom croich and walked abroad crying to be let in , and who carried on his back a dripping sack … he was sitting up now , [about] fergus with a sly glittering smile , and there was a terrible knowledge in his eyes , and there was a knowing look .

‘ In as much as we acknowledge a leader , ’ said Bec , regarding Grainne thoughtfully .
‘ in as much as we acknowledge a leader , ’ said bec , [about] grainne thoughtfully .

Johnny was regarding her now with a singularly unpleasant smile .
johnny was [about] her now with a singularly unpleasant smile .

At this point Boswell records having experienced a qualm regarding Johnson 's continuance of the journey , because the previous night Johnson had said , ‘ If we must ride much , we shall not go , and there 's an end o n't .
at this point boswell records having experienced a qualm [about] johnson 's continuance of the journey , because the previous night johnson had said , ‘ if we must ride much , we shall not go , and there 's an end o n't .

Confusion may arise regarding Slains , where two castles exist .
confusion may arise [about] slains , where two castles exist .

Regarding the Red Lion lunch , the town searched its soul , and more than a century later was still justifying the inedible meal .
[about] the red lion lunch , the town searched its soul , and more than a century later was still justifying the inedible meal .

Nevertheless , Boswell enlightened his readers regarding ‘ The thickness of the walls , the small slaunting windows , and a great iron door at the entrance to the second story as you ascend the stairs , all indicate the rude times in which this castle was erected .
nevertheless , boswell enlightened his readers [about] ‘ the thickness of the walls , the small slaunting windows , and a great iron door at the entrance to the second story as you ascend the stairs , all indicate the rude times in which this castle was erected .

Excellent though Johnson has so far proven at the explorer 's notes , Boswell threatens to outdo him regarding Raasay .
excellent though johnson has so far proven at the explorer 's notes , boswell threatens to outdo him [about] raasay .

The influential Rafael Rodriguez ( who at first refused government positions , but gave advice on economic matters ) believed that Cuba could not rely on the Western capitalist countries ( accustomed to regarding Cuba as their sugar-bowl ) for the assistance necessary to develop an industrial economy .
the influential rafael rodriguez ( who at first refused government positions , but gave advice on economic matters ) believed that cuba could not rely on the western capitalist countries ( accustomed to [about] cuba as their sugar-bowl ) for the assistance necessary to develop an industrial economy .

Two points are worth noting regarding this agreement .
two points are worth noting [about] this agreement .

The most they would say in 1961 regarding Cuba 's ideological status was that ‘ Cuba had achieved its revolution independently and had freely chosen the path of socialist development ’ .
the most they would say in 1961 [about] cuba 's ideological status was that ‘ cuba had achieved its revolution independently and had freely chosen the path of socialist development ’ .

The objectives of these committees are to facilitate an exchange of views between the police and the wider community on issues of local concern ; to help resolve conflict between the police and dissenting sections of the community ; to encourage self-help and crime prevention activities ; and to educate or inform the public regarding everyday police matters ( Morgan , 1989 ) .
the objectives of these committees are to facilitate an exchange of views between the police and the wider community on issues of local concern ; to help resolve conflict between the police and dissenting sections of the community ; to encourage self-help and crime prevention activities ; and to educate or inform the public [about] everyday police matters ( morgan , 1989 ) .

She never ceased to amaze Dexter with her ability to do several things at the same time — perhaps too many things , he thought , regarding her dishevelled hair and the flush of stress in her cheeks .
she never ceased to amaze dexter with her ability to do several things at the same time — perhaps too many things , he thought , [about] her dishevelled hair and the flush of stress in her cheeks .

Lifestyle target marketing systems , in contrast , capture data on named individuals regarding their professed interests and needs , but such systems offer this data on a limited volume of individuals from whom such data has been solicited .
lifestyle target marketing systems , in contrast , capture data on named individuals [about] their professed interests and needs , but such systems offer this data on a limited volume of individuals from whom such data has been solicited .

Robin Dewhurst is unable to enter into any correspondence regarding holiday enquiries .
robin dewhurst is unable to enter into any correspondence [about] holiday enquiries .

If you require any more details regarding exemptions please contact this office
if you require any more details [about] exemptions please contact this office

In this envelope you will have received some important and valuable information regarding the community charge .
in this envelope you will have received some important and valuable information [about] the community charge .

This office will deal with all matters regarding council tenants services such as repairs , transfers , and rent queries .
this office will deal with all matters [about] council tenants services such as repairs , transfers , and rent queries .

Firstly , the approach can be used to direct his or her attention to those customers or prospective customers requiring further investigation regarding their ability to pay , and importantly can alert him to the need to alter the terms of trade or pricing to manage the level of risk and set appropriate credit limits .
firstly , the approach can be used to direct his or her attention to those customers or prospective customers requiring further investigation [about] their ability to pay , and importantly can alert him to the need to alter the terms of trade or pricing to manage the level of risk and set appropriate credit limits .

After initial proposals have been researched and screened using broad ‘ acceptability ’ criteria predetermined by higher management , those which satisfy the screening tests are subjected to more detailed scrutiny as more information regarding their prospects is generated and a rigorous risk analysis may then be conducted .
after initial proposals have been researched and screened using broad ‘ acceptability ’ criteria predetermined by higher management , those which satisfy the screening tests are subjected to more detailed scrutiny as more information [about] their prospects is generated and a rigorous risk analysis may then be conducted .

Once the court papers have been served on the debtor and an enquiry has been made at court regarding the debtor 's intentions , the result of those enquiries is input to the computer and the appropriate papers for obtaining Decree are produced .
once the court papers have been served on the debtor and an enquiry has been made at court [about] the debtor 's intentions , the result of those enquiries is input to the computer and the appropriate papers for obtaining decree are produced .

The acquisition would not have been possible without the help of the National Heritage Museum Fund and discussions are continuing with the Department of the Environment for Northern Ireland regarding a grant towards endowment costs .
the acquisition would not have been possible without the help of the national heritage museum fund and discussions are continuing with the department of the environment for northern ireland [about] a grant towards endowment costs .

Any enquiries regarding household waste or recyclable materials should be directed to :
any enquiries [about] household waste or recyclable materials should be directed to :

May is invariably a month when you have itchy feet and when important plans or decisions regarding the future are made .
may is invariably a month when you have itchy feet and when important plans or decisions [about] the future are made .

As an aristocrat Hartington was not untypical in regarding them as evangelical fanatics who needed restraining .
as an aristocrat hartington was not untypical in [about] them as evangelical fanatics who needed restraining .

Questions regarding the status and purpose of a standard language , the societal attitudes towards a particular accent or pronunciation , the acceptability of colloquial language used by a foreigner are related both to understanding the nature of language descriptions and to the earlier topic of language attitudes and linguistic identity .
questions [about] the status and purpose of a standard language , the societal attitudes towards a particular accent or pronunciation , the acceptability of colloquial language used by a foreigner are related both to understanding the nature of language descriptions and to the earlier topic of language attitudes and linguistic identity .

Akram Khan-Cheema , speaking for the Directorate of Educational Services , City of Bradford Metropolitan Council , spoke of an increasing workload for those teachers who were engaged in promoting community languages against a background of confusion regarding strategies , objectives and methods .
akram khan-cheema , speaking for the directorate of educational services , city of bradford metropolitan council , spoke of an increasing workload for those teachers who were engaged in promoting community languages against a background of confusion [about] strategies , objectives and methods .

He proposed a series of research enquiries which might yield useful insights regarding processes occurring across the full range of subjects in multilingual classrooms , oral literature , specific needs of particular groups of pupils in schools , attitudes of educational administrators , and the phenomenon of ethnocentrism .
he proposed a series of research enquiries which might yield useful insights [about] processes occurring across the full range of subjects in multilingual classrooms , oral literature , specific needs of particular groups of pupils in schools , attitudes of educational administrators , and the phenomenon of ethnocentrism .

whether , conceptually , it would be helpful to try regarding the house as an extension of the car , rather than the other way about , and experimenting with an internal trim based upon black simulated leather , with built-in ashtrays ;
whether , conceptually , it would be helpful to try [about] the house as an extension of the car , rather than the other way about , and experimenting with an internal trim based upon black simulated leather , with built-in ashtrays ;

‘ That 's attractive , ’ remarked Lili , regarding it distastefully .
‘ that 's attractive , ’ remarked lili , [about] it distastefully .

In Scotland applications for relaxations regarding new buildings are made to the Secretary of State .
in scotland applications for relaxations [about] new buildings are made to the secretary of state .

The fears expressed early in Gow 's career regarding the possible effects of his teaching did not prove entirely vain ; his dryness and severity antagonized a number of his pupils , and the austerity of the regime at Trinity encouraged alarming departures from that quality by lesser scholars in certain other places .
the fears expressed early in gow 's career [about] the possible effects of his teaching did not prove entirely vain ; his dryness and severity antagonized a number of his pupils , and the austerity of the regime at trinity encouraged alarming departures from that quality by lesser scholars in certain other places .

Regarding the Bethlehem Hospital , in 1810 a competition was held for designs for a new hospital in St George 's Fields , Southwark ; but in the event none of the entries which gained the premiums was actually adopted , and instead Lewis was instructed to incorporate their best features in a new design of his own .
[about] the bethlehem hospital , in 1810 a competition was held for designs for a new hospital in st george 's fields , southwark ; but in the event none of the entries which gained the premiums was actually adopted , and instead lewis was instructed to incorporate their best features in a new design of his own .

Wolf identified himself with the existing élite of Anglo-Jewry in regarding Jewish emancipation in England as a success story , and expecting that the growth of tolerance would enable Jews elsewhere to live both within their ancestral religion and culture , and as full citizens of their respective countries .
wolf identified himself with the existing élite of anglo-jewry in [about] jewish emancipation in england as a success story , and expecting that the growth of tolerance would enable jews elsewhere to live both within their ancestral religion and culture , and as full citizens of their respective countries .

His letters confirm a highly inquisitive mind regarding natural and scientific phenomena and suggest a phlegmatic temperament and a dry humour .
his letters confirm a highly inquisitive mind [about] natural and scientific phenomena and suggest a phlegmatic temperament and a dry humour .

Under The Stock Exchange rules regarding rights issues , the rights must normally be sold for the benefit of the non-accepting shareholders unless arrangements to the contrary have been specifically approved by the shareholders in general meeting and The Stock Exchange has been consulted .
under the stock exchange rules [about] rights issues , the rights must normally be sold for the benefit of the non-accepting shareholders unless arrangements to the contrary have been specifically approved by the shareholders in general meeting and the stock exchange has been consulted .

When employees ' share schemes first came to be introduced here , the normal practice was to create a special class of shares with restricted rights regarding , in particular , votes and transferability ; only in relation to share option schemes , designed as incentive to top management , were ordinary voting equity shares on offer .
when employees ' share schemes first came to be introduced here , the normal practice was to create a special class of shares with restricted rights [about] , in particular , votes and transferability ; only in relation to share option schemes , designed as incentive to top management , were ordinary voting equity shares on offer .

It will also be possible , by the trust deed , to impose on the company additional obligations , regarding the submission of information and the like , which might not otherwise be practicable .
it will also be possible , by the trust deed , to impose on the company additional obligations , [about] the submission of information and the like , which might not otherwise be practicable .

Since , in practice , shares in British companies are ‘ registered ’ and not ‘ bearer ’ and since the process of becoming ( or ceasing to be ) a member and shareholder is incomplete until entry on the register , the statutory provisions regarding its maintenance are of importance . In summary , they are as follows :
since , in practice , shares in british companies are ‘ registered ’ and not ‘ bearer ’ and since the process of becoming ( or ceasing to be ) a member and shareholder is incomplete until entry on the register , the statutory provisions [about] its maintenance are of importance . in summary , they are as follows :

The company may suffer because , as we have seen , unless such rights have been most carefully drafted , they will not come into operation so long as no action regarding registration is taken by the personal representative and because , if the company had only two members and directors , the death of one may mean that no quorate meetings can be held , and the company may face a petition to wind it up .
the company may suffer because , as we have seen , unless such rights have been most carefully drafted , they will not come into operation so long as no action [about] registration is taken by the personal representative and because , if the company had only two members and directors , the death of one may mean that no quorate meetings can be held , and the company may face a petition to wind it up .

One could also be faced with problems , similar to those in relation to shares , regarding equitable and legal ownership of debentures and the priority of competing transferees .
one could also be faced with problems , similar to those in relation to shares , [about] equitable and legal ownership of debentures and the priority of competing transferees .

The great contrast , however , is that debentures secured by charges on the company 's property throw up problems regarding the priority between conflicting charges .
the great contrast , however , is that debentures secured by charges on the company 's property throw up problems [about] the priority between conflicting charges .

The maximum fees that companies can charge for inspection or copies are now prescribed by regulations ( the former practice of stating them in the primary legislation did not work well in an inflationary climate ) and these regulations clarify the obligations of companies regarding inspection and copies .
the maximum fees that companies can charge for inspection or copies are now prescribed by regulations ( the former practice of stating them in the primary legislation did not work well in an inflationary climate ) and these regulations clarify the obligations of companies [about] inspection and copies .

that the price of limited liability ought to be the maximum possible disclosure of information regarding the company 's financial position ,
that the price of limited liability ought to be the maximum possible disclosure of information [about] the company 's financial position ,

that some concessions regarding ( a ) should be afforded to small companies so as to relieve them of burdens and expense that they might find intolerable .
that some concessions [about] ( a ) should be afforded to small companies so as to relieve them of burdens and expense that they might find intolerable .

Section 231 requires information specified in Schedule 5 to be given in notes to the accounts regarding what are referred to in the headings to the section and the Schedule as ‘ related undertakings ’ — an expression which the Act does not define but which includes parent and subsidiary undertakings , associated undertakings , joint ventures , and undertakings in which the company has a substantial holding .
section 231 requires information specified in schedule 5 to be given in notes to the accounts [about] what are referred to in the headings to the section and the schedule as ‘ related undertakings ’ — an expression which the act does not define but which includes parent and subsidiary undertakings , associated undertakings , joint ventures , and undertakings in which the company has a substantial holding .

Similarly section 232 requires the information specified in Schedule 6 , regarding the emoluments and other benefits of directors and their associates , to be given in notes to the accounts .
similarly section 232 requires the information specified in schedule 6 , [about] the emoluments and other benefits of directors and their associates , to be given in notes to the accounts .

Another innovation by the 1989 Act is the introduction of statutory provisions regarding the correction of defective accounts .
another innovation by the 1989 act is the introduction of statutory provisions [about] the correction of defective accounts .

But there had been no statutory provisions regarding it .
but there had been no statutory provisions [about] it .

What it does , in effect , is to enable such companies to conceal from outsiders detailed information regarding profitability and turnover , something of which they have a ( much exaggerated ) fear that it will be used by their competitors to the company ‘ s disadvantage .
what it does , in effect , is to enable such companies to conceal from outsiders detailed information [about] profitability and turnover , something of which they have a ( much exaggerated ) fear that it will be used by their competitors to the company ‘ s disadvantage .

If the position regarding bureaucratic independence versus party control is uncertain in Britain , it was less so in the Soviet Union .
if the position [about] bureaucratic independence versus party control is uncertain in britain , it was less so in the soviet union .

Between 1934 and 1937 it invalidated a string of measures initiated by President Roosevelt and passed by Congress to attempt to deal with the economic depression , while between 1954 and 1963 it made a series of decisions regarding the rights of blacks far in advance of anything that could obtain strong presidential and congressional support .
between 1934 and 1937 it invalidated a string of measures initiated by president roosevelt and passed by congress to attempt to deal with the economic depression , while between 1954 and 1963 it made a series of decisions [about] the rights of blacks far in advance of anything that could obtain strong presidential and congressional support .

Although it is not stated explicitly in the constitution , in 1965 the Supreme Court decided that there was a constitutional right to personal privacy , and in Roe v. Wade ( 1973 ) it ruled that this included a woman 's decision regarding abortion .
although it is not stated explicitly in the constitution , in 1965 the supreme court decided that there was a constitutional right to personal privacy , and in roe v. wade ( 1973 ) it ruled that this included a woman 's decision [about] abortion .

As the police in both countries in recent years have relied increasingly on notions of professionalism to defend themselves against political attack , so police organizations have asserted themselves more publicly to promote not only their own organization , but also particular policies regarding law and order which they deem to be necessary .
as the police in both countries in recent years have relied increasingly on notions of professionalism to defend themselves against political attack , so police organizations have asserted themselves more publicly to promote not only their own organization , but also particular policies [about] law and order which they deem to be necessary .

All instructions regarding techniques and all directions are given in the Korean language .
all instructions [about] techniques and all directions are given in the korean language .

In southwest England an early paper by Waters ( 1957 ) demonstrated the significance of differential weathering in oldlands and gave the basis for a new way of regarding the earlier stages of landscape evolution .
in southwest england an early paper by waters ( 1957 ) demonstrated the significance of differential weathering in oldlands and gave the basis for a new way of [about] the earlier stages of landscape evolution .

Gilbert is now acknowledged to have been a brilliant geomorphologist who made a contribution which anticipated many of the developments half a century later and whose deductions regarding stream and landscape mechanics ‘ have given new life to quantitative geomorphology in the twentieth century ’ ( Chorley , Dunn and Beckinsale , 1964 , p. 572 ) .
gilbert is now acknowledged to have been a brilliant geomorphologist who made a contribution which anticipated many of the developments half a century later and whose deductions [about] stream and landscape mechanics ‘ have given new life to quantitative geomorphology in the twentieth century ’ ( chorley , dunn and beckinsale , 1964 , p. 572 ) .

This can be developed by regarding organisms as chemodynamical machines , by identifying three classes of bioenergetic processes namely fermentation , photosynthesis , and respiration , and by utilizing an approach to classification based upon microphysiology and biochemistry as well as upon macrostructure of organisms and upon macrophysiological processes .
this can be developed by [about] organisms as chemodynamical machines , by identifying three classes of bioenergetic processes namely fermentation , photosynthesis , and respiration , and by utilizing an approach to classification based upon microphysiology and biochemistry as well as upon macrostructure of organisms and upon macrophysiological processes .

The ordinary rules regarding doubling the bass in four-part harmony should be followed unless , of course , a passage is written in more than four ‘ real ’ parts .
the ordinary rules [about] doubling the bass in four-part harmony should be followed unless , of course , a passage is written in more than four ‘ real ’ parts .

Again , regarding memorability , it is important that note patterns and rhythms recur .
again , [about] memorability , it is important that note patterns and rhythms recur .

Many readers will be displeased to see ‘ construction ’ mentioned in connection with melody , regarding melody as something entirely inspired .
many readers will be displeased to see ‘ construction ’ mentioned in connection with melody , [about] melody as something entirely inspired .

Any scrap of intelligence regarding the approach of the steel , as the railhead is called , was devoured and discussed with keen delight .
any scrap of intelligence [about] the approach of the steel , as the railhead is called , was devoured and discussed with keen delight .

Thus there is already some flexibility regarding the Net Book Agreement during the sale period as long as the bookseller has paid the appropriate fee .
thus there is already some flexibility [about] the net book agreement during the sale period as long as the bookseller has paid the appropriate fee .

It is a comparatively poorly explored planet , and therefore many questions remain regarding its interior structure , interior temperature and its evolution .
it is a comparatively poorly explored planet , and therefore many questions remain [about] its interior structure , interior temperature and its evolution .

At this juncture a number of assumptions regarding man 's rationally-ordered consciousness were being of course challenged .
at this juncture a number of assumptions [about] man 's rationally-ordered consciousness were being of course challenged .

That is , in his work concerning modern society , the major critique of structuralism is not so much one of the relative weights of structure versus agency in the social world , but regarding the absence of objectivity , free-floatingness , transcendence in scientific and intellectual work .
that is , in his work concerning modern society , the major critique of structuralism is not so much one of the relative weights of structure versus agency in the social world , but [about] the absence of objectivity , free-floatingness , transcendence in scientific and intellectual work .

immigration policy and policy regarding nationals of third countries :
immigration policy and policy [about] nationals of third countries :

Sir , Your report ( 2nd April ) regarding Reed 's dealings with the major wholesalers filled me with dismay .
sir , your report ( 2nd april ) [about] reed 's dealings with the major wholesalers filled me with dismay .

Similarly , regarding incest , the Committee merely stated that it proposed no alteration in the definition of sexual intercourse for the purpose of this offence .
similarly , [about] incest , the committee merely stated that it proposed no alteration in the definition of sexual intercourse for the purpose of this offence .

Far from succeeding in injecting certainty into the law , the Criminal Law Revision Committee 's proposal regarding consent will ensure that confusion continues to reign .
far from succeeding in injecting certainty into the law , the criminal law revision committee 's proposal [about] consent will ensure that confusion continues to reign .

’ The answer regarding the glass would probably have to be , nothing that lay immediately to hand .
’ the answer [about] the glass would probably have to be , nothing that lay immediately to hand .

They have the right to insist on all relevant information being made available to them regarding the background of potential clients in order that employees can be briefed about possible risks .
they have the right to insist on all relevant information being made available to them [about] the background of potential clients in order that employees can be briefed about possible risks .

The new legislation regarding seat belt wearing in the rear seats of cars which came into effect on 1 July 1991 has had a downward effect on the number of rear seat car passenger casualties .
the new legislation [about] seat belt wearing in the rear seats of cars which came into effect on 1 july 1991 has had a downward effect on the number of rear seat car passenger casualties .

Action will be taken to reinforce existing regulations regarding restraining infants in cars .
action will be taken to reinforce existing regulations [about] restraining infants in cars .

This coincided with the introduction of new seat belt legislation regarding rear seat passengers .
this coincided with the introduction of new seat belt legislation [about] rear seat passengers .

Exit from By Pass Action is needing to be taken regarding greenery which is obscuring the exit from the City By Pass .
exit from by pass action is needing to be taken [about] greenery which is obscuring the exit from the city by pass .

discussion took place regarding the vacant site adjacent to the Railway Inn .
discussion took place [about] the vacant site adjacent to the railway inn .

Thank you for your kind remarks regarding our various documents and reports .
thank you for your kind remarks [about] our various documents and reports .

Can also contact Robert Csondor regarding Local Plan .
can also contact robert csondor [about] local plan .

Consumers , the report found , were not well informed regarding risks to health , and the mounting practice of eating raw fish was described as `` disturbing `` .
consumers , the report found , were not well informed [about] risks to health , and the mounting practice of eating raw fish was described as `` disturbing `` .

Regarding recruitment of staff , there is little factual evidence available to substantiate the claim either way .
[about] recruitment of staff , there is little factual evidence available to substantiate the claim either way .

The social strategy must therefore include full rights for employees , including the right to information and consultation about their company 's plans , particularly regarding a possible takeover or merger .
the social strategy must therefore include full rights for employees , including the right to information and consultation about their company 's plans , particularly [about] a possible takeover or merger .

Thus far , the Commission has no funding for its project , but Environment Secretary Chris Pattern is being approached regarding possible financial support from the government .
thus far , the commission has no funding for its project , but environment secretary chris pattern is being approached [about] possible financial support from the government .

This approach follows van Dijk ( 1977 ) in regarding not only sentences but also textuality as the proper study of linguistics .
this approach follows van dijk ( 1977 ) in [about] not only sentences but also textuality as the proper study of linguistics .

Where the company is seeking general authority to purchase shares in the market they must state their intentions regarding the authority granted .
where the company is seeking general authority to purchase shares in the market they must state their intentions [about] the authority granted .

The Yellow Book imposes on listed companies its own obligations regarding secrecy and announcements ( see para 17.5 below ) , which mirror much of what the Code imposes .
the yellow book imposes on listed companies its own obligations [about] secrecy and announcements ( see para 17.5 below ) , which mirror much of what the code imposes .

( e ) details of any arrangement of the kind referred to in Note 6 ( b ) of Rule 8 ( indemnities and arrangements regarding relevant securities ) .
( e ) details of any arrangement of the kind referred to in note 6 ( b ) of rule 8 ( indemnities and arrangements [about] relevant securities ) .

Statements which may give a misleading impression regarding proposed courses of action should be avoided .
statements which may give a misleading impression [about] proposed courses of action should be avoided .

6.3 The Lease shall be completed on the Completion Date at the offices of the Landlord 's solicitors or at such other place as the Landlord 's solicitors shall [ reasonably ] require The parties ' solicitors will normally agree to complete without the necessity for personal attendance , but the tenant 's solicitor may wish to amend this clause to provide for the agreed arrangements regarding completion , particularly where the landlord 's solicitor 's office is in Berwick-upon-Tweed and the tenant 's solicitor is in Penzance .
6.3 the lease shall be completed on the completion date at the offices of the landlord 's solicitors or at such other place as the landlord 's solicitors shall [ reasonably ] require the parties ' solicitors will normally agree to complete without the necessity for personal attendance , but the tenant 's solicitor may wish to amend this clause to provide for the agreed arrangements [about] completion , particularly where the landlord 's solicitor 's office is in berwick-upon-tweed and the tenant 's solicitor is in penzance .

That such contracts have done so may be taken to show with at least strong prima facie force that , moulded under the pressures of negotiation , competition and public opinion , they have assumed a form which satisfies the test of public policy as understood by the courts at the time , or , regarding the matter from the point of view of the trade , that the trade in question has assumed such a form that for its health or expansion it requires a degree of regulation .
that such contracts have done so may be taken to show with at least strong prima facie force that , moulded under the pressures of negotiation , competition and public opinion , they have assumed a form which satisfies the test of public policy as understood by the courts at the time , or , [about] the matter from the point of view of the trade , that the trade in question has assumed such a form that for its health or expansion it requires a degree of regulation .

Regarding business secrets , a problem which arises in practice is the necessity in employment cases to make a distinction between what is a business secret and what is simply the general skill of the employee .
[about] business secrets , a problem which arises in practice is the necessity in employment cases to make a distinction between what is a business secret and what is simply the general skill of the employee .

Although one looks at reasonableness at the time the agreement is entered into , it is only practical also to take into account the legitimate expectations of the parties at that time regarding the future , and what is reasonably foreseeable .
although one looks at reasonableness at the time the agreement is entered into , it is only practical also to take into account the legitimate expectations of the parties at that time [about] the future , and what is reasonably foreseeable .

If blanket assertions regarding business methods can be broken down into categories then a claim of confidence may succeed .
if blanket assertions [about] business methods can be broken down into categories then a claim of confidence may succeed .

The Court of Appeal decided however that the defendant had really only contracted with one company within the group and that regarding the area in which it did its business a countrywide restraint was unreasonable .
the court of appeal decided however that the defendant had really only contracted with one company within the group and that [about] the area in which it did its business a countrywide restraint was unreasonable .

Note , however , that problems regarding contact may also be resolved by use of the representations procedure which local authorities are obliged to set up under s26 of the Act ( see Chapter 20 ) .
note , however , that problems [about] contact may also be resolved by use of the representations procedure which local authorities are obliged to set up under s26 of the act ( see chapter 20 ) .

; ( c ) experts regarding particular equipment ( cranes , boats ) ; ( d ) experts re particular substances ( glues , fixing devices , gases ) ; ( e ) employment consultants regarding your client 's position on the open labour market should they have lost or are likely to lose their employment ; ( f ) medical evidence ; ( g ) nursing and rehabilitation specialists in serious cases ; ( h ) ancillary services in severe cases ( gardening , home help , home improvements ) ; ( i ) accountants ( in complicated future loss/special damage cases ) .
; ( c ) experts [about] particular equipment ( cranes , boats ) ; ( d ) experts re particular substances ( glues , fixing devices , gases ) ; ( e ) employment consultants [about] your client 's position on the open labour market should they have lost or are likely to lose their employment ; ( f ) medical evidence ; ( g ) nursing and rehabilitation specialists in serious cases ; ( h ) ancillary services in severe cases ( gardening , home help , home improvements ) ; ( i ) accountants ( in complicated future loss/special damage cases ) .

The words coming from behind her sent Lindsey Blake whirling to face the speaker , a slim , dark-haired girl of about her own age , who seemed to be regarding her with some amusement .
the words coming from behind her sent lindsey blake whirling to face the speaker , a slim , dark-haired girl of about her own age , who seemed to be [about] her with some amusement .

She looked back at him and challenged him , ‘ What 's wrong with his behaviour regarding Silvia ? ’
she looked back at him and challenged him , ‘ what 's wrong with his behaviour [about] silvia ? ’

She paused , feeling a shiver work its way down her spine as she met the black eyes that were regarding her so closely now .
she paused , feeling a shiver work its way down her spine as she met the black eyes that were [about] her so closely now .

as if he felt her gaze on him , the man slowly turned his head , a pair of steely grey eyes regarding her with a slow , almost insolent appraisal .
as if he felt her gaze on him , the man slowly turned his head , a pair of steely grey eyes [about] her with a slow , almost insolent appraisal .

It was laughable , really , but when she looked back on her nervous apprehension regarding his overwhelming sexual magnetism she almost felt like weeping with frustration .
it was laughable , really , but when she looked back on her nervous apprehension [about] his overwhelming sexual magnetism she almost felt like weeping with frustration .

He was regarding her questioningly , searching her face as if it could tell him something .
he was [about] her questioningly , searching her face as if it could tell him something .

Liz and Owen were clearly making good progress , and , apart from a few tearful moments , the twins had happily settled down , regarding their trips to the hospital as part of their daily routine .
liz and owen were clearly making good progress , and , apart from a few tearful moments , the twins had happily settled down , [about] their trips to the hospital as part of their daily routine .

Jake shook his head as he continued to watch her , regarding her irritated face with a discreetly shuttered look .
jake shook his head as he continued to watch her , [about] her irritated face with a discreetly shuttered look .

In spite of everything , being with Kirsty was fun , and , besides , she wanted to keep an eye on Janice , and perhaps gather more proof regarding her own ‘ intuition ’ .
in spite of everything , being with kirsty was fun , and , besides , she wanted to keep an eye on janice , and perhaps gather more proof [about] her own ‘ intuition ’ .

Featuring many in-depth articles regarding the aircraft of the Great War the journal is packed with facts and figures that will satisfy any World War One buff .
featuring many in-depth articles [about] the aircraft of the great war the journal is packed with facts and figures that will satisfy any world war one buff .

The recent agreement regarding the ‘ harmonisation ’ of excise duties on alcoholic drinks within the Community must be seen against this background .
the recent agreement [about] the ‘ harmonisation ’ of excise duties on alcoholic drinks within the community must be seen against this background .

No compensation was payable for refusal to allow a change in the use of a building ; or for restrictions regarding density , layout , construction , design , and so on ; or for refusal to permit development which would place an undue burden on the community ( for example , in the provision of services ) .
no compensation was payable for refusal to allow a change in the use of a building ; or for restrictions [about] density , layout , construction , design , and so on ; or for refusal to permit development which would place an undue burden on the community ( for example , in the provision of services ) .

The situation regarding ‘ ecclesiastical buildings ’ is complicated , and new provisions were introduced by the 1986 Housing and Planning Bill .
the situation [about] ‘ ecclesiastical buildings ’ is complicated , and new provisions were introduced by the 1986 housing and planning bill .

Comprehensive information regarding the Council 's programmes and policies was mailed regularly to all members to stimulate involvement in a wide variety of policy consultations , services and projects .
comprehensive information [about] the council 's programmes and policies was mailed regularly to all members to stimulate involvement in a wide variety of policy consultations , services and projects .

Scottish Members of Parliament who were serving on the Committee for the Enterprise and New Towns ( Scotland ) Bill regarding the central provision of core functions in Scottish Enterprise ;
scottish members of parliament who were serving on the committee for the enterprise and new towns ( scotland ) bill [about] the central provision of core functions in scottish enterprise ;

Several submissions were lodged in 1989/90 with Government regarding environmental protection and management .
several submissions were lodged in 1989/90 with government [about] environmental protection and management .

Regarding identifying one another , why do n't we make up some silly badges or something .
[about] identifying one another , why do n't we make up some silly badges or something .

Regarding the player you recommend , we are aware of him and will investigate further .
[about] the player you recommend , we are aware of him and will investigate further .

Just in case anybody has n't seen it , there is a quote from Wilkinson in this mornings Guardian regarding the Batty sale :
just in case anybody has n't seen it , there is a quote from wilkinson in this mornings guardian [about] the batty sale :

So too bad that Wilko would not give the guy a real chance — specially regarding to the stuff that that Wilko spoke when Frank signed . Well — i wish Frank good luck and i — really — hope he keeps them goals coming down in Spain too give Wilko some sleepless nights …
so too bad that wilko would not give the guy a real chance — specially [about] to the stuff that that wilko spoke when frank signed . well — i wish frank good luck and i — really — hope he keeps them goals coming down in spain too give wilko some sleepless nights …

Anybody know the situation regarding Sterland and Kerslake .
anybody know the situation [about] sterland and kerslake .

Regarding the ‘ fat factor ’ , he did n't look particularly portly in the picture in last nights local rag ( looks like it was taken during Wimbledon at home ) . Any comments anybody regarding Franks current waist measurement ?
[about] the ‘ fat factor ’ , he did n't look particularly portly in the picture in last nights local rag ( looks like it was taken during wimbledon at home ) . any comments anybody [about] franks current waist measurement ?

Also there is some funny rule regarding how long a player must be on the pitch to claim a clean sheet .
also there is some funny rule [about] how long a player must be on the pitch to claim a clean sheet .

Of course when you have done your transferring , the team must still satify the same criteria as before regarding positions , cost , 2 players per real team .
of course when you have done your transferring , the team must still satify the same criteria as before [about] positions , cost , 2 players per real team .

Do any of you down in Oxford know what the latest is regarding availability of tickets for the home end ?
do any of you down in oxford know what the latest is [about] availability of tickets for the home end ?

Perhaps the biggest thing he has done though is regarding the image of the club .
perhaps the biggest thing he has done though is [about] the image of the club .

The House of Commons Select Committee on Trade and Industry , regarding their review of mergers policy ;
the house of commons select committee on trade and industry , [about] their review of mergers policy ;

The manuscript scores of Lully 's ballets provide almost no information regarding scoring .
the manuscript scores of lully 's ballets provide almost no information [about] scoring .

On 19 July 1714 Martin 's children , by notarized document of ‘ procuration ’ gave their sister Marie Louise the right to act on their behalf regarding payments from interest accounts .
on 19 july 1714 martin 's children , by notarized document of ‘ procuration ’ gave their sister marie louise the right to act on their behalf [about] payments from interest accounts .

Regarding the ‘ three slow beats , it is likely that Ländler , like minuets , also had a much wider tempo range than we suppose ( the range is still quite wide as they are danced today ) .
[about] the ‘ three slow beats , it is likely that ländler , like minuets , also had a much wider tempo range than we suppose ( the range is still quite wide as they are danced today ) .

’ In 1993 , the year that brings an open market to Europe , the European nations seem to take a similar view of Britain , regarding it as a strange and ultimately negligible country .
’ in 1993 , the year that brings an open market to europe , the european nations seem to take a similar view of britain , [about] it as a strange and ultimately negligible country .

Lazy-lidded grey eyes in a dark , chisel-chinned face were regarding her with an insulting trace of laughter somewhere in their depths .
lazy-lidded grey eyes in a dark , chisel-chinned face were [about] her with an insulting trace of laughter somewhere in their depths .

’ He gave a non-committal shrug , and sipped his drink , ordering steak stuffed with crayfish , and then regarding her with a slightly disconcerting intensity across the candlelit table .
’ he gave a non-committal shrug , and sipped his drink , ordering steak stuffed with crayfish , and then [about] her with a slightly disconcerting intensity across the candlelit table .

He was regarding her with unnerving concentration , until she felt she wanted to duck down under the water , fearing her swimsuit was see-through or something …
he was [about] her with unnerving concentration , until she felt she wanted to duck down under the water , fearing her swimsuit was see-through or something …

At first Leonora was n't sure precisely what Penry had in mind regarding their relationship , and lived in a state of tension between his phone calls .
at first leonora was n't sure precisely what penry had in mind [about] their relationship , and lived in a state of tension between his phone calls .

Celia had known Alan 's blood-group , and knew what it meant regarding Donna .
celia had known alan 's blood-group , and knew what it meant [about] donna .

Oh , blow it , she thought a little crossly , and , getting absolutely nowhere with her argument , she resolved that she would ask him not one interview-type question for the remainder of the walk but that , once back at the house , she would ask him to honour his promise regarding that interview .
oh , blow it , she thought a little crossly , and , getting absolutely nowhere with her argument , she resolved that she would ask him not one interview-type question for the remainder of the walk but that , once back at the house , she would ask him to honour his promise [about] that interview .

Adam Burns sat back in his chair regarding her steadily .
adam burns sat back in his chair [about] her steadily .

’ she concluded , regarding a photograph of a filthy caver in wet-suit and helmet , wedged in a muddy slit about two inches thinner than he was .
’ she concluded , [about] a photograph of a filthy caver in wet-suit and helmet , wedged in a muddy slit about two inches thinner than he was .

‘ My pleasure , ’ he murmured , and for a second they stood there , regarding each other watchfully , the tension straining between them .
‘ my pleasure , ’ he murmured , and for a second they stood there , [about] each other watchfully , the tension straining between them .

‘ The only business between us is our agreement regarding my role as companion to your grandmother . ’
‘ the only business between us is our agreement [about] my role as companion to your grandmother . ’

Having identified the scope of the ‘ problem ’ the paper will cover the wider issues which all organisations or companies will need to face regarding the status and role of e-mail records .
having identified the scope of the ‘ problem ’ the paper will cover the wider issues which all organisations or companies will need to face [about] the status and role of e-mail records .

Very few institutions have such procedures in place regarding e-mail but that is no excuse .
very few institutions have such procedures in place [about] e-mail but that is no excuse .

’ The Court had in mind information regarding when and by whom the information was received , the fact that distribution lists are maintained separately from the messages sent and so would not be printed out , unless specified , on the paper copy .
’ the court had in mind information [about] when and by whom the information was received , the fact that distribution lists are maintained separately from the messages sent and so would not be printed out , unless specified , on the paper copy .

So we could perhaps make a case for offering curatorial protection to artefactual software by regarding it as part of the contextual and functional extension of hardware without which technical history would be incomplete .
so we could perhaps make a case for offering curatorial protection to artefactual software by [about] it as part of the contextual and functional extension of hardware without which technical history would be incomplete .

This paper will review the range of statutory regulations which impact the means by which data is stored ; the conditions under which such storage must occur and the rules regarding the release of such information .
this paper will review the range of statutory regulations which impact the means by which data is stored ; the conditions under which such storage must occur and the rules [about] the release of such information .

The Civil Evidence Act 1968 states at Section 8 that the court shall make rules regarding the admissibility of hearsay .
the civil evidence act 1968 states at section 8 that the court shall make rules [about] the admissibility of hearsay .

Therefore , where a document is a copy , the other party could only make significant use of this fact to question the probative value of the evidence if serious questions could be raised regarding the procedures by which the copy was made .
therefore , where a document is a copy , the other party could only make significant use of this fact to question the probative value of the evidence if serious questions could be raised [about] the procedures by which the copy was made .

Professor Patinkin , who was largely responsible for the rigorous formulation of the real-balance effect , has always urged caution in regarding price deflation as an acceptable alternative route for the attainment of full employment .
professor patinkin , who was largely responsible for the rigorous formulation of the real-balance effect , has always urged caution in [about] price deflation as an acceptable alternative route for the attainment of full employment .

If the actual money stock in t is accurately predicted by agents at the end of period t - 1 ( in symbols ) , the actual price level in t will equal the price level which was expected at the end of t - 1 since expectations regarding the future behaviour of the money stock have been accurately generated by the efficient use of the information available in .
if the actual money stock in t is accurately predicted by agents at the end of period t - 1 ( in symbols ) , the actual price level in t will equal the price level which was expected at the end of t - 1 since expectations [about] the future behaviour of the money stock have been accurately generated by the efficient use of the information available in .

When prices are fluctuating , general confusion prevails regarding the behaviour of relative prices .
when prices are fluctuating , general confusion prevails [about] the behaviour of relative prices .

( 2 ) At or after the preliminary appointment if there be one , the arbitrator shall fix a date for the dispute to be heard ( unless the parties consent to his deciding it on the statements and documents submitted to him — an unusual course not usually acceptable to the parties or the district judge ) and he shall give such directions regarding the steps to be taken before and at the hearing as may appear to him to be necessary or desirable .
( 2 ) at or after the preliminary appointment if there be one , the arbitrator shall fix a date for the dispute to be heard ( unless the parties consent to his deciding it on the statements and documents submitted to him — an unusual course not usually acceptable to the parties or the district judge ) and he shall give such directions [about] the steps to be taken before and at the hearing as may appear to him to be necessary or desirable .

9.3 The Seller 's liability under this Condition shall be to the exclusion of all other liability to the Purchaser whether contractual , tortious or otherwise for defects in the goods or for any loss or damage to or caused by the goods , and ( subject to Condition 14 ) all other conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever concerning the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded ; in particular ( but without limitation of the foregoing ) the Seller grants no warranties regarding the fitness for purpose , performance , use , nature or merchantable quality of the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever .
9.3 the seller 's liability under this condition shall be to the exclusion of all other liability to the purchaser whether contractual , tortious or otherwise for defects in the goods or for any loss or damage to or caused by the goods , and ( subject to condition 14 ) all other conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever concerning the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded ; in particular ( but without limitation of the foregoing ) the seller grants no warranties [about] the fitness for purpose , performance , use , nature or merchantable quality of the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever .

The Law Society has in force strict regulations ( a summary of which may be found in Chapter 12 ) regarding clients ' money and trust money , though infractions of the relevant rules do seem to occur with depressing frequency .
the law society has in force strict regulations ( a summary of which may be found in chapter 12 ) [about] clients ' money and trust money , though infractions of the relevant rules do seem to occur with depressing frequency .

This will involve not only matters of professional competence and etiquette but also the need to ensure compliance with regulations regarding replacement of practising certificates , the annual delivery of certificates to the Solicitors Indemnity Fund and obtaining all other licences and authorisations relevant to the work of the firm .
this will involve not only matters of professional competence and etiquette but also the need to ensure compliance with regulations [about] replacement of practising certificates , the annual delivery of certificates to the solicitors indemnity fund and obtaining all other licences and authorisations relevant to the work of the firm .

If desired the agreement could contain separate provisions regarding partners attending continuing education courses in accordance with Law Society training regulations or even the taking of sabbaticals , but perhaps these matters are best left to ad hoc arrangements with individual partners .
if desired the agreement could contain separate provisions [about] partners attending continuing education courses in accordance with law society training regulations or even the taking of sabbaticals , but perhaps these matters are best left to ad hoc arrangements with individual partners .

However , this will often conflict with the vendor 's desire to ensure that such assets are not sold for more than their tax written down value , otherwise the vendor may be liable to a balancing charge ( see , eg , s4 Capital Allowances Act 1990 regarding industrial buildings and s24 regarding plant and machinery ) .
however , this will often conflict with the vendor 's desire to ensure that such assets are not sold for more than their tax written down value , otherwise the vendor may be liable to a balancing charge ( see , eg , s4 capital allowances act 1990 [about] industrial buildings and s24 [about] plant and machinery ) .

Reference should be made to Chapter 7 regarding the security which the banks will require in this type of `` leveraging `` arrangement .
reference should be made to chapter 7 [about] the security which the banks will require in this type of `` leveraging `` arrangement .

Vendors who are selling at a substantial price ( including an element for goodwill ) , which has been agreed between the parties on the basis of certain assumptions made by the purchasers regarding the business , are compensated for any risk that they will be asked to take .
vendors who are selling at a substantial price ( including an element for goodwill ) , which has been agreed between the parties on the basis of certain assumptions made by the purchasers [about] the business , are compensated for any risk that they will be asked to take .

Apart from that , there are no rules regarding the contents .
apart from that , there are no rules [about] the contents .

Regarding incentives for recycling , 54 per cent of those questioned favoured `` money-back `` schemes for recyclable materials , and 40 per cent supported a deposit system on reusable containers .
[about] incentives for recycling , 54 per cent of those questioned favoured `` money-back `` schemes for recyclable materials , and 40 per cent supported a deposit system on reusable containers .

This is achieved by providing a system whereby the information regarding the cut is conveyed in a manner closely resembling the conventional process of the skilled machinist .
this is achieved by providing a system whereby the information [about] the cut is conveyed in a manner closely resembling the conventional process of the skilled machinist .

This is a long way from traditional ideas regarding good form `` .
this is a long way from traditional ideas [about] good form `` .

Regarding international aid , we might want to observe that the International Fund for Ireland has only recently produced a ‘ disadvantaged areas initiative ’ .
[about] international aid , we might want to observe that the international fund for ireland has only recently produced a ‘ disadvantaged areas initiative ’ .

Regarding section 42 , it was felt that recent moves by the Fair Employment Commission to challenge this through the High Court will have an effect , if only to force the government to justify its use of this section .
[about] section 42 , it was felt that recent moves by the fair employment commission to challenge this through the high court will have an effect , if only to force the government to justify its use of this section .

’ Mandy Moore , Environmental Affairs Manager , Scott Paper , regarding the controversy over its promotion of the Andrex brand of toilet tissue as being environmentally sound .
’ mandy moore , environmental affairs manager , scott paper , [about] the controversy over its promotion of the andrex brand of toilet tissue as being environmentally sound .

Again , a similar picture emerges regarding children 's explanations .
again , a similar picture emerges [about] children 's explanations .

So far from regarding the 1935 result as a foregone conclusion , Baldwin always felt that the choice of date , intermeshed with the fostering of the suitable national mood , was one of his more considerable political challenges .
so far from [about] the 1935 result as a foregone conclusion , baldwin always felt that the choice of date , intermeshed with the fostering of the suitable national mood , was one of his more considerable political challenges .

But , as we have seen , regarding authentic Producers ' Co-operation as ‘ the rival doctrine ’ the Consumers ' Movement did little then to help , and so contributed to the inertia against which the industrial co-operative form has had to contend .
but , as we have seen , [about] authentic producers ' co-operation as ‘ the rival doctrine ’ the consumers ' movement did little then to help , and so contributed to the inertia against which the industrial co-operative form has had to contend .

On one view , this was a bilateral dispute between Israel and Egypt regarding the right of transit for Israeli shipping through the Canal .
on one view , this was a bilateral dispute between israel and egypt [about] the right of transit for israeli shipping through the canal .

statistics regarding the holes a cordless drill is capable of drilling , but no performance figures relating to the function of other cordless tools is available .
statistics [about] the holes a cordless drill is capable of drilling , but no performance figures relating to the function of other cordless tools is available .

It is important to read the manufacturer 's manual regarding the charging of batteries and their general care .
it is important to read the manufacturer 's manual [about] the charging of batteries and their general care .

The Other Israel whilst seeking to expose the hidden truth regarding the Jews is not anti-Jewish and openly condemns nazism and its fellow travellers .
the other israel whilst seeking to expose the hidden truth [about] the jews is not anti-jewish and openly condemns nazism and its fellow travellers .

It should be emphasised that , even with a knowledge of the relevant Acts , the social worker would be ill-advised to interpret the law or its implications for himself or herself , and that , in general , legal advice should be sought regarding any case in which the implications are not fully certain .
it should be emphasised that , even with a knowledge of the relevant acts , the social worker would be ill-advised to interpret the law or its implications for himself or herself , and that , in general , legal advice should be sought [about] any case in which the implications are not fully certain .

There is a strong connection between the concept of `` function `` , and the concept of `` meaning `` : when we talk of meaning in the broad sense of `` overall significance `` , we include the implications which an utterance has regarding the intention of the speaker and the effect on the hearer .
there is a strong connection between the concept of `` function `` , and the concept of `` meaning `` : when we talk of meaning in the broad sense of `` overall significance `` , we include the implications which an utterance has [about] the intention of the speaker and the effect on the hearer .

Destroy the files and eliminate any thoughts you have regarding people 's personality .
destroy the files and eliminate any thoughts you have [about] people 's personality .

Regarding the customer as all-important is an attitude of mind that he develops and encourages through the organization .
[about] the customer as all-important is an attitude of mind that he develops and encourages through the organization .

[ Regarding the ] differentiation between the various stages in the training for research work … on this matter again it is not our function to make detailed recommendations , but to lay down general principles .
[ [about] the ] differentiation between the various stages in the training for research work … on this matter again it is not our function to make detailed recommendations , but to lay down general principles .

no longer confined to persons who speak the King 's English or who come under the direct influence of the great writers ; the continuity of our literary and linguistic heritage is threatened by the far-reaching influence of the half educated … We must give up regarding `` good English `` as merely a social or literary accomplishment , and … endeavour by research and by exposition to equip the masses with the ability to exercise a reasoned choice in the employment of language ; in other words … we must regard the training of the linguistic consciousness as an essential part of primary and secondary as well as University education .
no longer confined to persons who speak the king 's english or who come under the direct influence of the great writers ; the continuity of our literary and linguistic heritage is threatened by the far-reaching influence of the half educated … we must give up [about] `` good english `` as merely a social or literary accomplishment , and … endeavour by research and by exposition to equip the masses with the ability to exercise a reasoned choice in the employment of language ; in other words … we must regard the training of the linguistic consciousness as an essential part of primary and secondary as well as university education .

In the modern post-war period various adjustments within the national system of education have resulted in a succession of controversies regarding the role of English in a democratic society .
in the modern post-war period various adjustments within the national system of education have resulted in a succession of controversies [about] the role of english in a democratic society .

Regarding the possibility of a London showing of such an important exhibition , she adds , ‘ The two years we had to prepare this were simply insufficient to plan it in two separate locations ; the only possible London location would have been the Royal Academy , and there simply was n't enough money .
[about] the possibility of a london showing of such an important exhibition , she adds , ‘ the two years we had to prepare this were simply insufficient to plan it in two separate locations ; the only possible london location would have been the royal academy , and there simply was n't enough money .

The law regarding mandamus was less clear .
the law [about] mandamus was less clear .

The video will enable viewers to ‘ learn anew and query the meaning of Martin Niemoller 's questions and insights regarding the future of the Christian world , ’ say the film producers .
the video will enable viewers to ‘ learn anew and query the meaning of martin niemoller 's questions and insights [about] the future of the christian world , ’ say the film producers .

All viewers have the right to freedom of expression regarding television channels whether these are publicly or privately owned , regional , national or transnational .
all viewers have the right to freedom of expression [about] television channels whether these are publicly or privately owned , regional , national or transnational .

All viewers have a right to inspect audience surveys , especially regarding the methodology and techniques used .
all viewers have a right to inspect audience surveys , especially [about] the methodology and techniques used .

Bishop Samuel Azariah , Executive Secretary of the National Council of Churches of Pakistan , has condemned the deplorable situation regarding human rights in the country , particularly the right to choose one 's own faith and to worship freely .
bishop samuel azariah , executive secretary of the national council of churches of pakistan , has condemned the deplorable situation [about] human rights in the country , particularly the right to choose one 's own faith and to worship freely .

The government does not have any intention to suppress the existence of multiple and autonomous initiatives regarding the ownership and operation of the mass media .
the government does not have any intention to suppress the existence of multiple and autonomous initiatives [about] the ownership and operation of the mass media .

Regarding ‘ social skills ’ , he acknowledges that his recent , successful students have been uncommonly well organised in their self-marketing .
[about] ‘ social skills ’ , he acknowledges that his recent , successful students have been uncommonly well organised in their self-marketing .

Your question is really a question regarding the duration of the present recession which with the exception of our economic astrologers nobody can answer at present .
your question is really a question [about] the duration of the present recession which with the exception of our economic astrologers nobody can answer at present .

Bishop Samuel Azariah , Executive Secretary of the National Council of Churches of Pakistan , has condemned the deplorable situation regarding human rights in the country , particularly the right to choose one 's own faith and to worship freely .
bishop samuel azariah , executive secretary of the national council of churches of pakistan , has condemned the deplorable situation [about] human rights in the country , particularly the right to choose one 's own faith and to worship freely .

The government does not have any intention to suppress the existence of multiple and autonomous initiatives regarding the ownership and operation of the mass media .
the government does not have any intention to suppress the existence of multiple and autonomous initiatives [about] the ownership and operation of the mass media .

Accommodation offices provide information on the types of housing available locally , on college policy regarding priority for halls of residence , comparative costings , lists of housing in the private sector and considerable back-up on your legal rights , housing law , etc .
accommodation offices provide information on the types of housing available locally , on college policy [about] priority for halls of residence , comparative costings , lists of housing in the private sector and considerable back-up on your legal rights , housing law , etc .

There is a wider set of natural monopolies sustainable as natural monopolies either with specific pricing policies or in some cases under a wide range of pricing policies , given alternative assumptions regarding entry .
there is a wider set of natural monopolies sustainable as natural monopolies either with specific pricing policies or in some cases under a wide range of pricing policies , given alternative assumptions [about] entry .

Jones and O'Brien ( 1982 ) have produced a useful study regarding board composition .
jones and o'brien ( 1982 ) have produced a useful study [about] board composition .

Despite regulations regarding design , the sport was becoming dangerous as engines were built to be more powerful and , following the abandonment of the 1903 Paris-Madrid race due to many accidents , notably to pedestrians , road racing was banned .
despite regulations [about] design , the sport was becoming dangerous as engines were built to be more powerful and , following the abandonment of the 1903 paris-madrid race due to many accidents , notably to pedestrians , road racing was banned .

Furthermore , there may be problems regarding context dependent effects , whereby letters are written differently according to their surrounding context .
furthermore , there may be problems [about] context dependent effects , whereby letters are written differently according to their surrounding context .

As the need for lexical resources has grown , greater numbers of machine-readable dictionaries have become available , and progress has been made regarding the issues of standardisation and format .
as the need for lexical resources has grown , greater numbers of machine-readable dictionaries have become available , and progress has been made [about] the issues of standardisation and format .

Hendrix [ 1979 ] made some progress regarding this problem , introducing a technique known as partitioning to deal with quantifiers .
hendrix [ 1979 ] made some progress [about] this problem , introducing a technique known as partitioning to deal with quantifiers .

Clearly , there are a number of choices to be made regarding this algorithm .
clearly , there are a number of choices to be made [about] this algorithm .

Regarding the latter context , it has been shown that when a word is preceded or accompanied by a ’ semantically ’ related word , recognition of that word is facilitated with respect to unrelated controls .
[about] the latter context , it has been shown that when a word is preceded or accompanied by a ’ semantically ’ related word , recognition of that word is facilitated with respect to unrelated controls .

Regarding the results themselves , it can be seen that the performance of definitional overlap across a range of domains is consistently positive but highly variable .
[about] the results themselves , it can be seen that the performance of definitional overlap across a range of domains is consistently positive but highly variable .

These lemmas are then analysed in turn , regarding each one as the ’ node ’ of a set of linguistic collocations .
these lemmas are then analysed in turn , [about] each one as the ’ node ’ of a set of linguistic collocations .

Foucault is most explicit on this , arguing that what he terms the ‘ repressive hypothesis ’ regarding Victorian sexuality is misleading : because it points to too narrow an interpretation of the family ; because it avoids class differentiation ; and because it is based on a negative rather than positive concept of power .
foucault is most explicit on this , arguing that what he terms the ‘ repressive hypothesis ’ [about] victorian sexuality is misleading : because it points to too narrow an interpretation of the family ; because it avoids class differentiation ; and because it is based on a negative rather than positive concept of power .

More significant than its provisions ( which tightened up the law regarding ‘ bullies ’ , procurers and brothel keepers , and reaffirmed flogging , which chiefly affected homosexuals ) was what it reflected : a deflection we would argue , of real , and urgent , anxieties , the product of major social disruptions , on to the sphere of sexuality .
more significant than its provisions ( which tightened up the law [about] ‘ bullies ’ , procurers and brothel keepers , and reaffirmed flogging , which chiefly affected homosexuals ) was what it reflected : a deflection we would argue , of real , and urgent , anxieties , the product of major social disruptions , on to the sphere of sexuality .

Catholics and evangelicals indeed had much in common in regarding spiritual regeneration as the true end of philanthropy .
catholics and evangelicals indeed had much in common in [about] spiritual regeneration as the true end of philanthropy .

Not only did this new attitude towards children begin to emerge among educationalists in the middle decades of the eighteenth century , but we can deduce also from the success of small private academies , from the development of a new kind of children 's literature , and from the vastly increased expenditure on the amusements and pleasures of children , that parents , too , were no longer regarding their children as sprigs of old Adam whose wills had to be broken .
not only did this new attitude towards children begin to emerge among educationalists in the middle decades of the eighteenth century , but we can deduce also from the success of small private academies , from the development of a new kind of children 's literature , and from the vastly increased expenditure on the amusements and pleasures of children , that parents , too , were no longer [about] their children as sprigs of old adam whose wills had to be broken .

Collaboration and satisfaction regarding decisions were measured using a specially developed instrument which defined collaboration and asked a single global question about the amount of collaboration involved in a specific decision .
collaboration and satisfaction [about] decisions were measured using a specially developed instrument which defined collaboration and asked a single global question about the amount of collaboration involved in a specific decision .

The coordinating nurse on each shift ‘ liaises ’ with the admissions office regarding bed availability , and will frequently act as a ‘ disturbance handler ’ and ‘ spokesperson ’ for the ward — with the aid of an established ward standard — if the total patient dependency score and staff skill mix ratio is not compatible with maintaining a high or even safe level of patient care .
the coordinating nurse on each shift ‘ liaises ’ with the admissions office [about] bed availability , and will frequently act as a ‘ disturbance handler ’ and ‘ spokesperson ’ for the ward — with the aid of an established ward standard — if the total patient dependency score and staff skill mix ratio is not compatible with maintaining a high or even safe level of patient care .

Patients need information regarding the treatment plan , its timescale and any alternative options should the side-effects become too severe to continue .
patients need information [about] the treatment plan , its timescale and any alternative options should the side-effects become too severe to continue .

There has been considerable discussion in recent years regarding the adequacy of pain relief given to children , particularly neonates .
there has been considerable discussion in recent years [about] the adequacy of pain relief given to children , particularly neonates .

Maintenance encourages individuals to keep as mentally and physically fit as possible , with the goal of enjoying life to the fullest possible degree ; nurses can have a significant effect on this through health education regarding nutrition , personal hygiene , exercise and safety .
maintenance encourages individuals to keep as mentally and physically fit as possible , with the goal of enjoying life to the fullest possible degree ; nurses can have a significant effect on this through health education [about] nutrition , personal hygiene , exercise and safety .

The unequal treaties did not provide for this growing complexity , but it was clearly reflected in a process of treaty revision negotiation which , despite its ultimate success , did little to reassure Japan regarding the benevolence of Western intentions .
the unequal treaties did not provide for this growing complexity , but it was clearly reflected in a process of treaty revision negotiation which , despite its ultimate success , did little to reassure japan [about] the benevolence of western intentions .

As the country has become economically and militarily stronger , partially concealed ambiguities regarding interaction with the West have resurfaced .
as the country has become economically and militarily stronger , partially concealed ambiguities [about] interaction with the west have resurfaced .

Japan had long-standing territorial ambitions regarding Korea , her nearest neighbour , but these had been held in abeyance during the Tokugawa period .
japan had long-standing territorial ambitions [about] korea , her nearest neighbour , but these had been held in abeyance during the tokugawa period .

Regarding the Nationalists as the lesser of two evils he joined with them to resist Japanese encroachments .
[about] the nationalists as the lesser of two evils he joined with them to resist japanese encroachments .

For the most part , though , these aspirations regarding a new industrialization of the countryside remain unachieved .
for the most part , though , these aspirations [about] a new industrialization of the countryside remain unachieved .

Act 13 of 1989 Regarding the conversion of Enterprises and Companies
act 13 of 1989 [about] the conversion of enterprises and companies

Act 6 of 1990 Regarding the Creation of a Stock Exchange and on Dealing with Securities
act 6 of 1990 [about] the creation of a stock exchange and on dealing with securities

The Act contains detailed rules regarding the minimum content of a prospectus ( whether it relates to bonds or shares and whether it is issued in connection with a new joint-stock company or an increase of the stock capital of an existing one ) .
the act contains detailed rules [about] the minimum content of a prospectus ( whether it relates to bonds or shares and whether it is issued in connection with a new joint-stock company or an increase of the stock capital of an existing one ) .

The same conditions regarding letters and response times as already given apply , and your branch will supply the address .
the same conditions [about] letters and response times as already given apply , and your branch will supply the address .

Further details , including written information regarding any of our savings or lending services , can be obtained from any branch of Midland Bank or alternatively , from the address shown on the reverse of this leaflet .
further details , including written information [about] any of our savings or lending services , can be obtained from any branch of midland bank or alternatively , from the address shown on the reverse of this leaflet .

Others echo this view , regarding countertrade as ‘ the symptom , not the disease ’ ( Hammond , 1989 : p. 252 ; Welt , 1985 ) .
others echo this view , [about] countertrade as ‘ the symptom , not the disease ’ ( hammond , 1989 : p. 252 ; welt , 1985 ) .

In Kenya , it sometimes seems as though the main issues regarding ownership have not really been foreign vs .
in kenya , it sometimes seems as though the main issues [about] ownership have not really been foreign vs .

Secondly , regarding the uniforms and insignia worn in the Gulf — readers will not be surprised to learn that a very wide variety is to be encountered , with many unit-level or even individual innovations .
secondly , [about] the uniforms and insignia worn in the gulf — readers will not be surprised to learn that a very wide variety is to be encountered , with many unit-level or even individual innovations .

They attempt to justify the claim and the assumptions that underlie it , by ‘ advancing some conjectures and some evidence regarding the ways in which language and thought change under the impact of the specialised forms of written text ’ ( ibid . )
they attempt to justify the claim and the assumptions that underlie it , by ‘ advancing some conjectures and some evidence [about] the ways in which language and thought change under the impact of the specialised forms of written text ’ ( ibid . )

Noting the similarity between such claims , and those by early travellers regarding the ‘ illogicality ’ of the thought of ‘ primitive peoples ’ , Labov writes : ‘ When linguists hear Negro children saying ‘ He crazy ’ or ‘ Her my friend ’ , they do not hear a primitive language ’ ( 1973 , p. 61 ) .
noting the similarity between such claims , and those by early travellers [about] the ‘ illogicality ’ of the thought of ‘ primitive peoples ’ , labov writes : ‘ when linguists hear negro children saying ‘ he crazy ’ or ‘ her my friend ’ , they do not hear a primitive language ’ ( 1973 , p. 61 ) .

Similarly , the description of the conventions regarding the form of language to be used are to be interpreted more as a parody and critique of the rival Academy than as evidence of what members of the Royal Society really did .
similarly , the description of the conventions [about] the form of language to be used are to be interpreted more as a parody and critique of the rival academy than as evidence of what members of the royal society really did .

Ruth Finnegan , in a recent article that challenges many of Goody 's contentions regarding literacy , expands the area of the world to which this comment can be applied :
ruth finnegan , in a recent article that challenges many of goody 's contentions [about] literacy , expands the area of the world to which this comment can be applied :

The researcher , interested in different modes of communication , has to investigate the framework of thought within which decisions regarding what is legitimate are made and to explain how a particular group succeeds in making its ideology dominant in specific contexts .
the researcher , interested in different modes of communication , has to investigate the framework of thought within which decisions [about] what is legitimate are made and to explain how a particular group succeeds in making its ideology dominant in specific contexts .

Goody , however , retreats from the implications that this more flexible model of scientific progress hold for his claims regarding literacy .
goody , however , retreats from the implications that this more flexible model of scientific progress hold for his claims [about] literacy .

These arguments are subject to the same criticisms , regarding ethnocentrism and academic-centredness that were levelled at these writers , both in terms of their assumptions regarding literacy and those regarding ‘ objectivity ’ .
these arguments are subject to the same criticisms , [about] ethnocentrism and academic-centredness that were levelled at these writers , both in terms of their assumptions [about] literacy and those [about] ‘ objectivity ’ .

One reason why you should try to develop the direction in which you think the company should go from both ends of the company at once is that in the process you gain the commitment of those who will have to follow the direction — and ‘ make it happen ’ and in a free society you are unlikely to get this commitment without a high degree of involvement and understanding of both where the ultimate goal is , and the process by which the decisions regarding that goal have been reached .
one reason why you should try to develop the direction in which you think the company should go from both ends of the company at once is that in the process you gain the commitment of those who will have to follow the direction — and ‘ make it happen ’ and in a free society you are unlikely to get this commitment without a high degree of involvement and understanding of both where the ultimate goal is , and the process by which the decisions [about] that goal have been reached .

It is customary for the night porter to leave a report for the oncoming morning shift , detailing late arrivals and departures , special happenings or instructions regarding the guests .
it is customary for the night porter to leave a report for the oncoming morning shift , detailing late arrivals and departures , special happenings or instructions [about] the guests .

Enquiries regarding the geographical location and other details of places of interest require the receptionist to know the locality well and have a guide book on the area .
enquiries [about] the geographical location and other details of places of interest require the receptionist to know the locality well and have a guide book on the area .

Information regarding guests
information [about] guests

any other specialised information regarding the hotel .
any other specialised information [about] the hotel .

Legal firms frequently seek the advice of the Dictionary Department concerning the application of particular words and phrases , as in the recent case regarding the status of the Sikhs .
legal firms frequently seek the advice of the dictionary department concerning the application of particular words and phrases , as in the recent case [about] the status of the sikhs .

Out of 14 specific recommendations made in Plan for Action only those regarding the ‘ pump priming ’ consultants and the introduction of the staff grade have been entirely implemented .
out of 14 specific recommendations made in plan for action only those [about] the ‘ pump priming ’ consultants and the introduction of the staff grade have been entirely implemented .

There are no special considerations regarding ruggedness of the terminals , except that they should withstand the use which is to be expected in a busy department .
there are no special considerations [about] ruggedness of the terminals , except that they should withstand the use which is to be expected in a busy department .

It is our view that designers should generally pursue such an economical , even terse , style but with a clearly-defined choice structure , regarding ‘ initial training ’ as a separate task .
it is our view that designers should generally pursue such an economical , even terse , style but with a clearly-defined choice structure , [about] ‘ initial training ’ as a separate task .

Regarding exercises : before attempting to answer a question do make sure you know the meaning of all the words in it !
[about] exercises : before attempting to answer a question do make sure you know the meaning of all the words in it !

Regarding the more specialised applications which seem to use the algebra ( of the type presented here ) in an essential way , the theory of groups , being ( in a rather wide sense ) the mathematical formulation of symmetry , is naturally widely employed in physics and chemistry — for instance in applications to crystallography , spectroscopy , general relativity , molecular vibrations , molecular orbitals , solid state physics and especially in the modern theory of elementary particles .
[about] the more specialised applications which seem to use the algebra ( of the type presented here ) in an essential way , the theory of groups , being ( in a rather wide sense ) the mathematical formulation of symmetry , is naturally widely employed in physics and chemistry — for instance in applications to crystallography , spectroscopy , general relativity , molecular vibrations , molecular orbitals , solid state physics and especially in the modern theory of elementary particles .

Regarding ( 3 ) we offer the reader the Challenge : Are you absolutely sure these concepts are the same ?
[about] ( 3 ) we offer the reader the challenge : are you absolutely sure these concepts are the same ?

Where a marking procedure which is not specific to particular test items is employed , grading methods used are that : ( i ) Marks may be awarded by teachers exercising professional judgement about the quality of a piece of work based upon the experience of the teacher regarding the standard of work that has been achieved .
where a marking procedure which is not specific to particular test items is employed , grading methods used are that : ( i ) marks may be awarded by teachers exercising professional judgement about the quality of a piece of work based upon the experience of the teacher [about] the standard of work that has been achieved .

There are , compared to many countries , few positive statements regarding the powers and duties of the organs of government .
there are , compared to many countries , few positive statements [about] the powers and duties of the organs of government .

Parliament has legislated regarding aliens , even with regard to their activities outside British territory ( The Hijacking Act 1967 ) .
parliament has legislated [about] aliens , even with regard to their activities outside british territory ( the hijacking act 1967 ) .

The prerogative gives the state widespread powers regarding the disposition and control of the armed forces , power to take action in an emergency , authority to make treaties and declarations of war and peace , and still remains of some importance in foreign affairs .
the prerogative gives the state widespread powers [about] the disposition and control of the armed forces , power to take action in an emergency , authority to make treaties and declarations of war and peace , and still remains of some importance in foreign affairs .

( b ) Ministers are accountable to Parliament which has the right to question the minister on any aspect of the work of the department , even regarding events prior to his taking office .
( b ) ministers are accountable to parliament which has the right to question the minister on any aspect of the work of the department , even [about] events prior to his taking office .

The Osthmotherly Memorandum of guidance to civil servants regarding the information they should reveal to such committees indicates the Government 's continuing concern to maintain confidentiality regarding the internal workings of government .
the osthmotherly memorandum of guidance to civil servants [about] the information they should reveal to such committees indicates the government 's continuing concern to maintain confidentiality [about] the internal workings of government .

In recent years , significant developments in the preparation of fetal oocytes in man and the mouse by " microspreading " , have taken place , and because of the superior quality of the preparations and the vast improvement in detail which can be discerned in such spreads , all discussion regarding chromosome preparation at meiotic prophase in oogenesis will be deferred until later ( Section 4.3 ) .
in recent years , significant developments in the preparation of fetal oocytes in man and the mouse by " microspreading " , have taken place , and because of the superior quality of the preparations and the vast improvement in detail which can be discerned in such spreads , all discussion [about] chromosome preparation at meiotic prophase in oogenesis will be deferred until later ( section 4.3 ) .

Advice regarding diet and smoking is given prior to discharge .
advice [about] diet and smoking is given prior to discharge .

Anxiety regarding proposed surgery is natural and can not be forgotten .
anxiety [about] proposed surgery is natural and can not be forgotten .

There appeared to be no consensus among schools regarding either the role of the school library or its relationship with the resource centre .
there appeared to be no consensus among schools [about] either the role of the school library or its relationship with the resource centre .

This is an important role which requires the authority of a senior staff member , for example a Deputy Head , who can make and follow up decisions regarding curriculum development and in-service training .
this is an important role which requires the authority of a senior staff member , for example a deputy head , who can make and follow up decisions [about] curriculum development and in-service training .

c ) Just as teachers have much to learn from practices in industry regarding time management , and problem solving , for example , so employers can learn a great deal from teachers about curriculum developments , equal opportunities , and new forms of assessment .
c ) just as teachers have much to learn from practices in industry [about] time management , and problem solving , for example , so employers can learn a great deal from teachers about curriculum developments , equal opportunities , and new forms of assessment .

Students will work towards fixed targets regarding the above , but will also negotiate individual action plans .
students will work towards fixed targets [about] the above , but will also negotiate individual action plans .

a ) How can schools ensure that records of achievement provide evidence of the skills and aptitudes required for specific employers ' needs ? b ) Would n't it be unfair if employment tests were waived for Compact graduates , but maintained for non-Compact job applicants ? c ) If local policies are negotiated regarding this issue , what will be the implications for national companies ?
a ) how can schools ensure that records of achievement provide evidence of the skills and aptitudes required for specific employers ' needs ? b ) would n't it be unfair if employment tests were waived for compact graduates , but maintained for non-compact job applicants ? c ) if local policies are negotiated [about] this issue , what will be the implications for national companies ?

11 . Will Compact demands regarding Work Experience , Mini-Enterprise etc. , mean that my subject teaching suffers in terms of time and commitment ?
11 . will compact demands [about] work experience , mini-enterprise etc. , mean that my subject teaching suffers in terms of time and commitment ?

At the time of writing the National Union of Teachers is preparing guidelines for its members which will make clear recommendations regarding good practice for teachers in Compact schools .
at the time of writing the national union of teachers is preparing guidelines for its members which will make clear recommendations [about] good practice for teachers in compact schools .

The rich ignore the simplest things in the area of earning , making , keeping , regarding money , and the bear-leader forgot to put any receptacle for money on the ground in front of them .
the rich ignore the simplest things in the area of earning , making , keeping , [about] money , and the bear-leader forgot to put any receptacle for money on the ground in front of them .

Regarding Mahler 's own tempo , Kaplan cites a timing of seven and a half minutes written into the score that he probably used at the première , as well as the timing of seven minutes written by a player into a double-bass part used at Mahler 's last performance of the Adagietto , in St Petersburg in 1907 .
[about] mahler 's own tempo , kaplan cites a timing of seven and a half minutes written into the score that he probably used at the première , as well as the timing of seven minutes written by a player into a double-bass part used at mahler 's last performance of the adagietto , in st petersburg in 1907 .

Some people , indeed , would not wish to distinguish at all between the personal and amenity services , regarding them all as essentially people-based .
some people , indeed , would not wish to distinguish at all between the personal and amenity services , [about] them all as essentially people-based .

If we now move away from regarding income distribution in terms of the relative amount received by different groups of ‘ income units ’ to that received by different occupational strata , we gain a much more concrete indication of inequality .
if we now move away from [about] income distribution in terms of the relative amount received by different groups of ‘ income units ’ to that received by different occupational strata , we gain a much more concrete indication of inequality .

… with regard to the article in the current issue of The Lifeboat regarding an increase in fees .
… with regard to the article in the current issue of the lifeboat [about] an increase in fees .

The military government suppressed the coup easily : Hodge , now regarding Kim with contempt , summoned him and threatened to ‘ kill him if he double-crossed me again ' .
the military government suppressed the coup easily : hodge , now [about] kim with contempt , summoned him and threatened to ‘ kill him if he double-crossed me again ' .

coming round to our way of thinking regarding the capabilities of the respective forces .
coming round to our way of thinking [about] the capabilities of the respective forces .

The policy of the United States regarding the defence of South Korea was to continue in 1949 with the withdrawal of American troops so that the process was completed by 30 June 1949 .
the policy of the united states [about] the defence of south korea was to continue in 1949 with the withdrawal of american troops so that the process was completed by 30 june 1949 .

The defeat was attributable to resentment at the Truman administration 's bankrupt policy in China , to complacency regarding the Korean bill , and to the grave ill health of Senator Vandenberg .
the defeat was attributable to resentment at the truman administration 's bankrupt policy in china , to complacency [about] the korean bill , and to the grave ill health of senator vandenberg .

Rumours began to appear in the press concerning differences between the American State and War departments over policy regarding Japan .
rumours began to appear in the press concerning differences between the american state and war departments over policy [about] japan .

Robin Dewhurst is unable to enter into any correspondence regarding holiday enquiries .
robin dewhurst is unable to enter into any correspondence [about] holiday enquiries .

Finally , check with your airline , airport or travel agent regarding check-in times — some airlines are allowing more time for extra security searches
finally , check with your airline , airport or travel agent [about] check-in times — some airlines are allowing more time for extra security searches

The meeting was a failure , and was followed in 1307 by civil disturbances in Bordeaux and an appeal to Paris regarding the English appointment to the mayoralty of the ducal capital .
the meeting was a failure , and was followed in 1307 by civil disturbances in bordeaux and an appeal to paris [about] the english appointment to the mayoralty of the ducal capital .

The agreement had involved some radical thinking regarding the historic and legal legacy of Aquitaine .
the agreement had involved some radical thinking [about] the historic and legal legacy of aquitaine .

Passers-by stopped too , regarding me curiously , my business their business , everyone 's business .
passers-by stopped too , [about] me curiously , my business their business , everyone 's business .

Notwithstanding the above , Cosmos can not accept any liability regarding the suitability of individual holidays and must reserve the right to decline a booking should it be considered that we will be unable to meet in full our contracted obligation to customers .
notwithstanding the above , cosmos can not accept any liability [about] the suitability of individual holidays and must reserve the right to decline a booking should it be considered that we will be unable to meet in full our contracted obligation to customers .

It may be that meaning is only a complication and that social science can allow for it by regarding human affairs as simply more complex than the other workings of nature .
it may be that meaning is only a complication and that social science can allow for it by [about] human affairs as simply more complex than the other workings of nature .

Like Jesus , they would have been horrified by the very idea , regarding it as the most appalling blasphemy .
like jesus , they would have been horrified by the very idea , [about] it as the most appalling blasphemy .

At first , of course , he sides with James in regarding Paul 's work as highly suspect , if not blasphemous .
at first , of course , he sides with james in [about] paul 's work as highly suspect , if not blasphemous .

As to succeeding ‘ waves ’ , it would seem that curiosity and peer-group pressure , together with other social factors such as drug availability , overcame any reservations they might have had regarding addiction and withdrawal .
as to succeeding ‘ waves ’ , it would seem that curiosity and peer-group pressure , together with other social factors such as drug availability , overcame any reservations they might have had [about] addiction and withdrawal .

It is possible , therefore , that in reply to questions regarding withdrawal treatment , their perceptions of what they ‘ needed ’ may have been affected by feelings about what they ‘ wanted ’ .
it is possible , therefore , that in reply to questions [about] withdrawal treatment , their perceptions of what they ‘ needed ’ may have been affected by feelings about what they ‘ wanted ’ .

It is then asked that the witnesses be examined either in accordance with a given list of questions , which will have been drafted by the applicant party , or regarding certain matters summarised in the letter of request itself ; an example might be ‘ a road traffic accident believed to have taken place in the sight of the witness at such-and-such a place and time ’ .
it is then asked that the witnesses be examined either in accordance with a given list of questions , which will have been drafted by the applicant party , or [about] certain matters summarised in the letter of request itself ; an example might be ‘ a road traffic accident believed to have taken place in the sight of the witness at such-and-such a place and time ’ .

Parties may obtain discovery regarding any matter , not privileged , which is relevant to the subject matter involved in the pending action , whether it relates to the claim or defense of the party seeking discovery or to the claim or defense of any other party , including the existence , description , nature , custody , condition and location of any books , documents , or other tangible things and the identity and location of persons having knowledge of any discoverable matter .
parties may obtain discovery [about] any matter , not privileged , which is relevant to the subject matter involved in the pending action , whether it relates to the claim or defense of the party seeking discovery or to the claim or defense of any other party , including the existence , description , nature , custody , condition and location of any books , documents , or other tangible things and the identity and location of persons having knowledge of any discoverable matter .

The English court will not investigate the likely relevance of the evidence sought to issues raised in the foreign proceedings , regarding that as a matter for the foreign court ( which will not have made its request without due consideration ) 520 .
the english court will not investigate the likely relevance of the evidence sought to issues raised in the foreign proceedings , [about] that as a matter for the foreign court ( which will not have made its request without due consideration ) 520 .

Issues regarding the ethnic minority dimensions of ageing are only now beginning to be addressed in Britain .
issues [about] the ethnic minority dimensions of ageing are only now beginning to be addressed in britain .

It was essentially a masculine code , and those who often find it unacceptable in fiction may find some support in the comment of the Duchess of Omnium , regarding her noble husband 's often inconvenient scruples , that ‘ Men should n't be made of Sèvres china , but of good stone earthenware ’ .
it was essentially a masculine code , and those who often find it unacceptable in fiction may find some support in the comment of the duchess of omnium , [about] her noble husband 's often inconvenient scruples , that ‘ men should n't be made of sèvres china , but of good stone earthenware ’ .

Physical locations of groups , for example , are very much influenced by changes in official club policies regarding the positioning of barriers and turnstiles .
physical locations of groups , for example , are very much influenced by changes in official club policies [about] the positioning of barriers and turnstiles .

He caught the tail end of a whispered discussion behind him regarding his worth and was horrified to hear the group settle on a figure of 150 million pounds .
he caught the tail end of a whispered discussion behind him [about] his worth and was horrified to hear the group settle on a figure of 150 million pounds .

Informational Advantages Regarding Customers
informational advantages [about] customers

The economic arguments regarding the efficiency or otherwise of insider dealing revolve around three areas : ( i ) insider dealing as a means of compensation ; ( ii ) insider dealing as a means of improving allocative efficiency ( both in terms of market speed and smoothness ) ; and ( iii ) insider dealing and enforcement .
the economic arguments [about] the efficiency or otherwise of insider dealing revolve around three areas : ( i ) insider dealing as a means of compensation ; ( ii ) insider dealing as a means of improving allocative efficiency ( both in terms of market speed and smoothness ) ; and ( iii ) insider dealing and enforcement .

As we have already seen , the general principle regarding a wrong done to the company is that the company is the proper plaintiff .
as we have already seen , the general principle [about] a wrong done to the company is that the company is the proper plaintiff .

At first instance , the District Court found ( and the Court of Appeals agreed ) that Winans had knowingly breached a duty of confidentiality by misappropriating prepublication information regarding the timing and contents of the Heard columns .
at first instance , the district court found ( and the court of appeals agreed ) that winans had knowingly breached a duty of confidentiality by misappropriating prepublication information [about] the timing and contents of the heard columns .

The knowledge that the barrier between the patient and surgeon has remained intact throughout the procedure is arguably the best reassurance for surgeons and theatre nurses regarding protection .
the knowledge that the barrier between the patient and surgeon has remained intact throughout the procedure is arguably the best reassurance for surgeons and theatre nurses [about] protection .

In his paper ‘ Formulations Regarding the Two Principles of Mental Functioning ’ , Freud argues that individuals begin their mental development with unconscious , primary processes being dominant .
in his paper ‘ formulations [about] the two principles of mental functioning ’ , freud argues that individuals begin their mental development with unconscious , primary processes being dominant .

The principles of mental functioning , which had been conceptualized as being two in the 1911 paper , ‘ Formulations Regarding the Two Principles of Mental Functioning ’ , namely , the pleasure and reality principles , had had a third principle , the Nirvana principle , added .
the principles of mental functioning , which had been conceptualized as being two in the 1911 paper , ‘ formulations [about] the two principles of mental functioning ’ , namely , the pleasure and reality principles , had had a third principle , the nirvana principle , added .

‘ The law regarding the responsibilities of a company for the health and safety of its contractors and their employees are complex and frequently misunderstood , ’ she said .
‘ the law [about] the responsibilities of a company for the health and safety of its contractors and their employees are complex and frequently misunderstood , ’ she said .

Discussion regarding a proposed merger with another Examinations Board dominated the plans and activities of the Board and its Trustees during the year .
discussion [about] a proposed merger with another examinations board dominated the plans and activities of the board and its trustees during the year .

The Group Environmental Policy Committee whose composition and objectivities are described below , is responsible for making recommendations to the Board regarding the Group 's activities as they impact on the environment and for implementation of approved courses of action .
the group environmental policy committee whose composition and objectivities are described below , is responsible for making recommendations to the board [about] the group 's activities as they impact on the environment and for implementation of approved courses of action .

When instructing Adjusters it is essential that full details are passed to them regarding policy cover and in particular any non standard features , endorsements , etc .
when instructing adjusters it is essential that full details are passed to them [about] policy cover and in particular any non standard features , endorsements , etc .

He also dispelled fears regarding radiation doses as the radiation amounts used in x-rays are very small .
he also dispelled fears [about] radiation doses as the radiation amounts used in x-rays are very small .

The policy outlines those persons within the Wedgwood Group who have specific responsibility regarding environmental issues and states 13 major objectives that the Company is determined to achieve .
the policy outlines those persons within the wedgwood group who have specific responsibility [about] environmental issues and states 13 major objectives that the company is determined to achieve .

If liability is not accepted it is important that the Policyholder is informed as soon as possible so that there is no misunderstanding regarding who is to pay for repairs .
if liability is not accepted it is important that the policyholder is informed as soon as possible so that there is no misunderstanding [about] who is to pay for repairs .

From time to time the Engineer Surveyor may make recommendations in his report regarding the condition of the plant .
from time to time the engineer surveyor may make recommendations in his report [about] the condition of the plant .

At the beginning of this year , my colleague Dr Gibson wrote to you regarding possible touring exhibitions for your venue .
at the beginning of this year , my colleague dr gibson wrote to you [about] possible touring exhibitions for your venue .

It is the Tribunal 's view that the present arrangements regarding Shift Allowance etc .
it is the tribunal 's view that the present arrangements [about] shift allowance etc .

Following consultations , late last year and early this year , with Bank of Ireland Assistant Managers and Officer members through-out the country in respect of Performance Related Pay , it was agreed that the Bank be contacted regarding the rumoured introduction of such a pay scheme for these staff members .
following consultations , late last year and early this year , with bank of ireland assistant managers and officer members through-out the country in respect of performance related pay , it was agreed that the bank be contacted [about] the rumoured introduction of such a pay scheme for these staff members .

What is Management going to say to staff regarding their future .
what is management going to say to staff [about] their future .

The policy statement , Supply and demand in a greenhouse economy , published in May , stressed the gravity of the situation regarding global warming and its climatic consequences , and recommended action including raising insulation standards and the introduction of a carbon tax .
the policy statement , supply and demand in a greenhouse economy , published in may , stressed the gravity of the situation [about] global warming and its climatic consequences , and recommended action including raising insulation standards and the introduction of a carbon tax .

Bank of Ireland recently issued a circular regarding the above loans and has stated that they now wish to take a charge over the deeds of the home and the cost of this charge is to be borne by members of the Association .
bank of ireland recently issued a circular [about] the above loans and has stated that they now wish to take a charge over the deeds of the home and the cost of this charge is to be borne by members of the association .

Protests were made to the Minister for Social Welfare regarding Dental , Optical and Aural cutbacks .
protests were made to the minister for social welfare [about] dental , optical and aural cutbacks .

This was followed with four shorter questions regarding overall quality of service rating , level of satisfaction , expectation of change in use and immediate concerns .
this was followed with four shorter questions [about] overall quality of service rating , level of satisfaction , expectation of change in use and immediate concerns .

Given the marked difference between non-enrollers and migrants in regarding financial considerations , it is not surprising that non-enrollers were more likely to want more financial support and financial advice .
given the marked difference between non-enrollers and migrants in [about] financial considerations , it is not surprising that non-enrollers were more likely to want more financial support and financial advice .

It can be seen that while the overall picture regarding Scottish exports is good the performance of the different industries is mixed .
it can be seen that while the overall picture [about] scottish exports is good the performance of the different industries is mixed .

Treasurer ) access to the Annual Account regarding the Administration and maintenance costs and receipts from Service Charges .
treasurer ) access to the annual account [about] the administration and maintenance costs and receipts from service charges .

Regarding the condition of the top pond .
[about] the condition of the top pond .

‘ The Clackmannan review is to ensure that the council 's property investments are performing adequately and it will also provide a baseline to enable decisions to be taken regarding the portfolio and its future management , ’ said , senior partner with Bell-Ingram .
‘ the clackmannan review is to ensure that the council 's property investments are performing adequately and it will also provide a baseline to enable decisions to be taken [about] the portfolio and its future management , ’ said , senior partner with bell-ingram .

Exit from By Pass Action is needing to be taken regarding greenery which is obscuring the exit from the City By Pass .
exit from by pass action is needing to be taken [about] greenery which is obscuring the exit from the city by pass .

Discussion took place regarding the vacant site adjacent to the Railway Inn .
discussion took place [about] the vacant site adjacent to the railway inn .

We should be delighted , here at headquarters , to answer queries regarding levels of membership ( which vary according to experience ) and the charges for membership .
we should be delighted , here at headquarters , to answer queries [about] levels of membership ( which vary according to experience ) and the charges for membership .

The chairman wrote to the Director of Highways regarding the survey taken at Baberton/Foulis Crescent in connection with the difficulty of pupils of Currie High School crossing Lanark Road in the morning when going to school .
the chairman wrote to the director of highways [about] the survey taken at baberton/foulis crescent in connection with the difficulty of pupils of currie high school crossing lanark road in the morning when going to school .

c ) Request for further information regarding the feasibility of the provision of a pathway between Baberton Mains Wood and Baberton Mains Road .
c ) request for further information [about] the feasibility of the provision of a pathway between baberton mains wood and baberton mains road .

Councillor Brereton has contacted the Director of Recreation and the Chief Constable of Lothian and Borders Police regarding the unsocial behaviour of local teenagers in the park .
councillor brereton has contacted the director of recreation and the chief constable of lothian and borders police [about] the unsocial behaviour of local teenagers in the park .

Councillor Brereton wrote regarding the litter and mess in the area at the top of Baberton Loan but no response has been received .
councillor brereton wrote [about] the litter and mess in the area at the top of baberton loan but no response has been received .

Information regarding the 1992 edition of the Edinburgh Women ‘ s Committee Unit .
information [about] the 1992 edition of the edinburgh women ‘ s committee unit .

Several complaints from local residents have been received by the police regarding the unsocial behaviour and vandalism of youths in the park .
several complaints from local residents have been received by the police [about] the unsocial behaviour and vandalism of youths in the park .

Careful thought regarding suitable journals for advertisements , advertorials or articles may help to dissuade workers considering strike action , for example , while good on-going press relations can do much to fortify not only the publics image of a company but also reinforce the workers sense of pride in belonging to such an organisation .
careful thought [about] suitable journals for advertisements , advertorials or articles may help to dissuade workers considering strike action , for example , while good on-going press relations can do much to fortify not only the publics image of a company but also reinforce the workers sense of pride in belonging to such an organisation .

Thank you for your enquiry yesterday regarding a representative from the Social Work Department being present at the Tenants ' Association meeting on Monday 30 August 1993 at St John Vianney School .
thank you for your enquiry yesterday [about] a representative from the social work department being present at the tenants ' association meeting on monday 30 august 1993 at st john vianney school .

Thank you for your letter regarding the above which was received on 20th August 1993 .
thank you for your letter [about] the above which was received on 20th august 1993 .

Thank you for your enquiry regarding vacancies for Enforcement Officers within this Department .
thank you for your enquiry [about] vacancies for enforcement officers within this department .

Thank you for your recent enquiry regarding a career as a Trading Standards Officer within this Department .
thank you for your recent enquiry [about] a career as a trading standards officer within this department .

did not take a view or action regarding the adequacy of the Regional five year land supply ;
did not take a view or action [about] the adequacy of the regional five year land supply ;

Thank you for your letter of 18 September regarding the above .
thank you for your letter of 18 september [about] the above .

We note your concerns regarding an increase in the number of berths and a consequent increase in the movement of craft in the vicinity of Port Edgar . However , we would ask you to note that at present :
we note your concerns [about] an increase in the number of berths and a consequent increase in the movement of craft in the vicinity of port edgar . however , we would ask you to note that at present :

Thank you for your letter of 2 November 1992 regarding the problems associated with the above property .
thank you for your letter of 2 november 1992 [about] the problems associated with the above property .

Thank you for the correspondence regarding the above ( memo from Les McEwan to Bill Lang , 6 July 1993 and memo from Bill Lang to Les McEwan , 5 July 1993 ) .
thank you for the correspondence [about] the above ( memo from les mcewan to bill lang , 6 july 1993 and memo from bill lang to les mcewan , 5 july 1993 ) .

It was useful to know of the expectation that Business and Communication check local papers regarding any adverts relating to the Centre .
it was useful to know of the expectation that business and communication check local papers [about] any adverts relating to the centre .

At our last meeting , you asked me to give you a reminder regarding the above .
at our last meeting , you asked me to give you a reminder [about] the above .

Now that we are all required to provide information to members of the public regarding aspects of our services :
now that we are all required to provide information to members of the public [about] aspects of our services :

Following your memorandum of 5 August 1993 regarding the above retaining wall , the structure has been checked for the common modes of failure and appears to perform satisfactorily . The following points , however , should be incorporated in the design : —
following your memorandum of 5 august 1993 [about] the above retaining wall , the structure has been checked for the common modes of failure and appears to perform satisfactorily . the following points , however , should be incorporated in the design : —

The details regarding Course Aims and Objectives , Pre-Requisites , Content and Teaching Methods are attached .
the details [about] course aims and objectives , pre-requisites , content and teaching methods are attached .

Queries regarding your attendance at this course should be discussed with your immediate supervisor , in the first instance .
queries [about] your attendance at this course should be discussed with your immediate supervisor , in the first instance .

The children were provided with facts regarding , for example , packaging and recycling opportunities and then used the information to make ‘ hands on ’ choices from a range of consumer goods .
the children were provided with facts [about] , for example , packaging and recycling opportunities and then used the information to make ‘ hands on ’ choices from a range of consumer goods .

Section 3 and 4 make provisions regarding ‘ false ’ trade descriptions .
section 3 and 4 make provisions [about] ‘ false ’ trade descriptions .

Please find attached a memorandum to the Depute Chief Executive from the Chief Constable regarding the above .
please find attached a memorandum to the depute chief executive from the chief constable [about] the above .

The formaldehyde solution should be used in a stronger format than with non infected cases and information regarding the ratio should be obtained from your supplier beforehand .
the formaldehyde solution should be used in a stronger format than with non infected cases and information [about] the ratio should be obtained from your supplier beforehand .

No news had been received from regarding the membership application from .
no news had been received from [about] the membership application from .

reported that the correspondence with the Ministry of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food regarding burial at sea of embalmed bodies was still ongoing .
reported that the correspondence with the ministry of agriculture , fisheries and food [about] burial at sea of embalmed bodies was still ongoing .

reported that the Authority had met once to discuss a complaint regarding a practical examination .
reported that the authority had met once to discuss a complaint [about] a practical examination .

Not Devlin , not our intentions regarding Steiner and for the moment , no mention of Belle Ile .
not devlin , not our intentions [about] steiner and for the moment , no mention of belle ile .

And Elvis spake unto his people regarding such matters as crude oil , gasoline and stretch Cadillacs .
and elvis spake unto his people [about] such matters as crude oil , gasoline and stretch cadillacs .

Too strong-willed and forceful to remain easily in any slot into which a male-oriented Moslem society might force her , regarding marriage , certainly to a Moslem , as the ultimate form of prison , conducting life as a ceaseless battle for Home Rule and Independence , she sometimes found things too much for her and plunged into pits of despair , from which she would spring out again almost immediately with a soar and a vehemence which left Owen dazzled .
too strong-willed and forceful to remain easily in any slot into which a male-oriented moslem society might force her , [about] marriage , certainly to a moslem , as the ultimate form of prison , conducting life as a ceaseless battle for home rule and independence , she sometimes found things too much for her and plunged into pits of despair , from which she would spring out again almost immediately with a soar and a vehemence which left owen dazzled .

She was regarding her friend quizzically , her face concerned .
she was [about] her friend quizzically , her face concerned .

They decided therefore that at their next meeting they would devote themselves to matters of ‘ general policy affecting courses in business studies ’ , and they did in fact , in September , consider a draft memorandum on courses leading to first degrees , and questions regarding board membership and procedures for the consideration of courses .
they decided therefore that at their next meeting they would devote themselves to matters of ‘ general policy affecting courses in business studies ’ , and they did in fact , in september , consider a draft memorandum on courses leading to first degrees , and questions [about] board membership and procedures for the consideration of courses .

Of considerable relevance for the future of art and design were the decisions regarding the establishment of the polytechnics .
of considerable relevance for the future of art and design were the decisions [about] the establishment of the polytechnics .

Let me take as a telling example the facts regarding human sexual dimorphism .
let me take as a telling example the facts [about] human sexual dimorphism .

This theory , first advanced by Clifford Jolly and described by myself at greater length elsewhere , enables us to draw detailed conclusions regarding the instinctual repertoire of our pre-human ancestors .
this theory , first advanced by clifford jolly and described by myself at greater length elsewhere , enables us to draw detailed conclusions [about] the instinctual repertoire of our pre-human ancestors .

If we recall what was said earlier regarding the trend in primate evolution which promoted the visual sense over that of smell and prehensile agility over terrestrial quadrupedalism , we can readily see that the definitive adoption of a fully upright posture in man is only the culmination of this much more general evolutionary tendency .
if we recall what was said earlier [about] the trend in primate evolution which promoted the visual sense over that of smell and prehensile agility over terrestrial quadrupedalism , we can readily see that the definitive adoption of a fully upright posture in man is only the culmination of this much more general evolutionary tendency .

The specific mechanism suggested by Freud in Totem and Taboo ( and corroborated by my own research ) , is that of the murder of the primal father by his sons — or , at least , by those whose egos were sufficiently evolved to experience the considerable distortion caused by their ambivalence regarding him .
the specific mechanism suggested by freud in totem and taboo ( and corroborated by my own research ) , is that of the murder of the primal father by his sons — or , at least , by those whose egos were sufficiently evolved to experience the considerable distortion caused by their ambivalence [about] him .

The psychoanalysis of paranoid delusions regarding the sun leaves little doubt that it usually represents the father .
the psychoanalysis of paranoid delusions [about] the sun leaves little doubt that it usually represents the father .

In the early days of psychoanalysis Freud 's findings regarding the existence of infantile sexuality were hotly and indignantly denied .
in the early days of psychoanalysis freud 's findings [about] the existence of infantile sexuality were hotly and indignantly denied .

Further details regarding the definition and exception can be provided on request to the Registry at the address given on page 157 .
further details [about] the definition and exception can be provided on request to the registry at the address given on page 157 .

If you are in any doubt regarding the acceptability of your qualifications you should not hesitate to contact the faculty for advice .
if you are in any doubt [about] the acceptability of your qualifications you should not hesitate to contact the faculty for advice .

After surveying some of the available evidence on the United Kingdom , France , Germany and the United States regarding parliamentary defence against the dominance of officials , Page concluded that in the approval of legislation , the approval of the budget and scrutiny of administration , European parliaments are largely dominated by the executive .
after surveying some of the available evidence on the united kingdom , france , germany and the united states [about] parliamentary defence against the dominance of officials , page concluded that in the approval of legislation , the approval of the budget and scrutiny of administration , european parliaments are largely dominated by the executive .

We must distinguish at least three cases : first , where unions are prohibited or repressed ; second , where official government or company unions are permitted ; third , where genuinely independent unions actually operate.6 While most TNCs in most countries will follow the local rules regarding the unions , host governments , particularly in export processing industries ( not always under pressure from foreign investors ) , have suspended national labour legislation .
we must distinguish at least three cases : first , where unions are prohibited or repressed ; second , where official government or company unions are permitted ; third , where genuinely independent unions actually operate.6 while most tncs in most countries will follow the local rules [about] the unions , host governments , particularly in export processing industries ( not always under pressure from foreign investors ) , have suspended national labour legislation .

We felt , however , that coronal imaging might give more detailed information regarding the anatomical detail of the antropyloric region and therefore attempted to image in the coronal plane using reorientation of the nuclear magnetic resonance signals by signal processing methods .
we felt , however , that coronal imaging might give more detailed information [about] the anatomical detail of the antropyloric region and therefore attempted to image in the coronal plane using reorientation of the nuclear magnetic resonance signals by signal processing methods .

There is , however , conflicting evidence regarding the effect of inhibitors of prostaglandin synthesis on gall bladder contractility .
there is , however , conflicting evidence [about] the effect of inhibitors of prostaglandin synthesis on gall bladder contractility .

The legal situation regarding contract law can be explored in this example so providing a link with other subjects being studied .
the legal situation [about] contract law can be explored in this example so providing a link with other subjects being studied .

Comments regarding the Sales Director 's proposals :
comments [about] the sales director 's proposals :

— To ascertain the relative profitability of products so that organizations can make decisions regarding the mix of products .
— to ascertain the relative profitability of products so that organizations can make decisions [about] the mix of products .

It follows in the decision regarding the optimal production plan fixed costs are irrelevant and should therefore be ignored .
it follows in the decision [about] the optimal production plan fixed costs are irrelevant and should therefore be ignored .

Discussions through this control mechanism will invariably occur regarding future actions .
discussions through this control mechanism will invariably occur [about] future actions .

The following data is made available to you regarding the firm 's operations :
the following data is made available to you [about] the firm 's operations :

This information is not available thus no recommendation can be made regarding this issue .
this information is not available thus no recommendation can be made [about] this issue .

For example , operating decisions regarding the range of products to be made and sold would normally be made prior to the completion of the functional and master budgets , but these decisions when considered as a whole within the budgeting framework may be reconsidered and amendments made to the range .
for example , operating decisions [about] the range of products to be made and sold would normally be made prior to the completion of the functional and master budgets , but these decisions when considered as a whole within the budgeting framework may be reconsidered and amendments made to the range .

First , we shall consider the question raised in the introduction regarding the optimal income distribution .
first , we shall consider the question raised in the introduction [about] the optimal income distribution .

Regarding quality , the incentive for group members to be well informed is less than for private individuals because of the opportunity to try and free-ride on the information of others .
[about] quality , the incentive for group members to be well informed is less than for private individuals because of the opportunity to try and free-ride on the information of others .

those , for example in the public choice tradition , who are sceptical of reform proposals , regarding them as an attempt at ‘ rent seeking ’ ( Buchanan 1987 , Tullock 1988 ) .
those , for example in the public choice tradition , who are sceptical of reform proposals , [about] them as an attempt at ‘ rent seeking ’ ( buchanan 1987 , tullock 1988 ) .

We have all endured for far too long , the blatherings of scientific greybeards regarding ‘ The Expanding Universe ’ .
we have all endured for far too long , the blatherings of scientific greybeards [about] ‘ the expanding universe ’ .

He had not been altogether honest with the parents regarding the ‘ job situation ’ and considered it prudent to steal silently away to his room , rather than construct explanations for his early return from ‘ work ’ .
he had not been altogether honest with the parents [about] the ‘ job situation ’ and considered it prudent to steal silently away to his room , rather than construct explanations for his early return from ‘ work ’ .

Then there was much scuffling and grabbing and a lot of talk regarding which lamppost the rope should be thrown over .
then there was much scuffling and grabbing and a lot of talk [about] which lamppost the rope should be thrown over .

Additionally , the offline manager must respond to any mail sent regarding failures or unavailability of media items or units .
additionally , the offline manager must respond to any mail sent [about] failures or unavailability of media items or units .

The name of a person within the client organisation may be supplied to act as a specific contact for any queries regarding the issue of the product .
the name of a person within the client organisation may be supplied to act as a specific contact for any queries [about] the issue of the product .

The only requirement regarding the software itself is that each file should contain a module header .
the only requirement [about] the software itself is that each file should contain a module header .

The name of a person within the client organisation may be supplied to act as a specific contact for any queries regarding the issue of the product .
the name of a person within the client organisation may be supplied to act as a specific contact for any queries [about] the issue of the product .

Could it not be said the overwhelming factor of modern life is the apathy amongst the majority of its members , which should engender concern regarding the way government is designed ?
could it not be said the overwhelming factor of modern life is the apathy amongst the majority of its members , which should engender concern [about] the way government is designed ?

Regarding the environment , there are impractical proposals emanating via Brussels , designed merely to placate noisy pressure groups .
[about] the environment , there are impractical proposals emanating via brussels , designed merely to placate noisy pressure groups .

If we define feminism as the consciousness of women regarding the fact that they are subjugated , exploited etc .
if we define feminism as the consciousness of women [about] the fact that they are subjugated , exploited etc .

Ten years after the murder of Blair Peach , the experiences of women in Southall regarding policing and racial violence have remained disturbingly unchanged .
ten years after the murder of blair peach , the experiences of women in southall [about] policing and racial violence have remained disturbingly unchanged .

This could be either because you have reached a voluntary agreement between yourselves regarding money or because you have both agreed on a clean financial break .
this could be either because you have reached a voluntary agreement between yourselves [about] money or because you have both agreed on a clean financial break .

Rules regarding its use are strictly monitored by the Royal Warrant Holders Association .
rules [about] its use are strictly monitored by the royal warrant holders association .

The chaplain called our office a few days later and seemed to be open to information offered regarding preparation for Todd 's First Communion .
the chaplain called our office a few days later and seemed to be open to information offered [about] preparation for todd 's first communion .

Protocols to the US-Soviet 1974 Threshold Test Ban Treaty [ see pp. 26614-15 ] and the 1976 Peaceful Nuclear Explosions Treaty [ see pp. 27813-14 ] dealt with verification issues regarding permissible nuclear tests .
protocols to the us-soviet 1974 threshold test ban treaty [ see pp. 26614-15 ] and the 1976 peaceful nuclear explosions treaty [ see pp. 27813-14 ] dealt with verification issues [about] permissible nuclear tests .

Whereas rejection of Soviet dominance had been seen as an element in the poor support for communists and ex-communists elsewhere , the Economist of June 16 suggested that Bulgarians were comparatively well disposed to Russians , regarding them historically as `` Slav brothers who freed Bulgaria from the Turks in 1878 `` .
whereas rejection of soviet dominance had been seen as an element in the poor support for communists and ex-communists elsewhere , the economist of june 16 suggested that bulgarians were comparatively well disposed to russians , [about] them historically as `` slav brothers who freed bulgaria from the turks in 1878 `` .

Amnesty International also called in May 1989 for urgent action to be taken regarding the case of 14 fishermen murdered by the Army near El Amparo on the Colombian border in October 1988 [ see p. 36423 ] .
amnesty international also called in may 1989 for urgent action to be taken [about] the case of 14 fishermen murdered by the army near el amparo on the colombian border in october 1988 [ see p. 36423 ] .

Uncertainty regarding the currency in early 1989 was exacerbated by a wave of strikes by dockers , public transport workers , police , bank and hospital employees , and postal and telecommunications workers , and by rising prices .
uncertainty [about] the currency in early 1989 was exacerbated by a wave of strikes by dockers , public transport workers , police , bank and hospital employees , and postal and telecommunications workers , and by rising prices .

Regarding economic sovereignty , it called for the creation of an independent financial system and demanded the Ukraine 's share of Soviet currency and gold reserves .
[about] economic sovereignty , it called for the creation of an independent financial system and demanded the ukraine 's share of soviet currency and gold reserves .

Regarding aid to the Soviet Union , the final declaration welcomed the political and economic reforms under way in that country .
[about] aid to the soviet union , the final declaration welcomed the political and economic reforms under way in that country .

Regarding agricultural subsidies , the final declaration called for " progressive reductions in support and protection of agriculture " , including a lowering of domestic price supports and export subsidies and an easing of import barriers to agricultural products .
[about] agricultural subsidies , the final declaration called for " progressive reductions in support and protection of agriculture " , including a lowering of domestic price supports and export subsidies and an easing of import barriers to agricultural products .

Gonzalez described the talks as `` fruitful and constructive `` and praised the Moroccan government for its efforts regarding the Middle East peace process ( see p. 36437 ) .
gonzalez described the talks as `` fruitful and constructive `` and praised the moroccan government for its efforts [about] the middle east peace process ( see p. 36437 ) .

At a concluding press conference both sides acknowledged that there had been `` some achievements `` , although there was no major breakthrough , regarding the regional conflicts in Afghanistan and Cambodia .
at a concluding press conference both sides acknowledged that there had been `` some achievements `` , although there was no major breakthrough , [about] the regional conflicts in afghanistan and cambodia .

Regarding Afghanistan ( on which there had been speculation that an agreement on a ceasefire was imminent , in view of recent political developments in the country and an unexpected visit by President Najibullah to Moscow in the week preceding the Irkutsk talks ) , both sides agreed on the need for elections , but remained at odds over the transition process .
[about] afghanistan ( on which there had been speculation that an agreement on a ceasefire was imminent , in view of recent political developments in the country and an unexpected visit by president najibullah to moscow in the week preceding the irkutsk talks ) , both sides agreed on the need for elections , but remained at odds over the transition process .

Regarding economic co-operation , Soviet sources reported that Shevardnadze had presented Baker with a 15-page outline of possible areas for economic and scientific co-operation between the two countries .
[about] economic co-operation , soviet sources reported that shevardnadze had presented baker with a 15-page outline of possible areas for economic and scientific co-operation between the two countries .

The Soviet central government newspaper Izvestiya published on March 7 the `` fundamentals `` regarding land regulation , as discussed by the Supreme Soviet on Feb. 20 and 28 .
the soviet central government newspaper izvestiya published on march 7 the `` fundamentals `` [about] land regulation , as discussed by the supreme soviet on feb. 20 and 28 .

Official working group discussions regarding the western border took place in Beijing on March 30-April 15 , 1989 , in a " frank , businesslike atmosphere " , the Moscow paper Izvestiya reported .
official working group discussions [about] the western border took place in beijing on march 30-april 15 , 1989 , in a " frank , businesslike atmosphere " , the moscow paper izvestiya reported .

But regarding 2 this teacher was not especially charismatic — in fact more self-effacing than naturally the centre of attention .
but [about] 2 this teacher was not especially charismatic — in fact more self-effacing than naturally the centre of attention .

As with coupons , there are different preferences among investors regarding term to maturity .
as with coupons , there are different preferences among investors [about] term to maturity .

The hiatus after 1986 relates to a crisis arising from a large volume of issuance in relation to demand at excessively tight spreads , although it was triggered by concerns regarding regulation of banks ' issues ( see Davis , 1989 ) .
the hiatus after 1986 relates to a crisis arising from a large volume of issuance in relation to demand at excessively tight spreads , although it was triggered by concerns [about] regulation of banks ' issues ( see davis , 1989 ) .

2a.True men conform to our conventions regarding sex relations
2a.true men conform to our conventions [about] sex relations

In the case of a sale it is essential to establish that the owners of the business do not have irreconcilable differences regarding an acceptable selling price .
in the case of a sale it is essential to establish that the owners of the business do not have irreconcilable differences [about] an acceptable selling price .

It may be preferable to be silent regarding the date for expressions of interest until such time as a number of parties have expressed such interest .
it may be preferable to be silent [about] the date for expressions of interest until such time as a number of parties have expressed such interest .

Details of the executive and company pension scheme , including the intentions regarding the schemes and future requirements , should be discussed .
details of the executive and company pension scheme , including the intentions [about] the schemes and future requirements , should be discussed .

Whether there are any problems regarding the remitting of overseas retained earnings ( eg political difficulties in the overseas country ) .
whether there are any problems [about] the remitting of overseas retained earnings ( eg political difficulties in the overseas country ) .

These experts have considerable experience and knowledge regarding market conditions and methodologies for commercial valuations , tax valuations , disputes and valuations of items such as brands .
these experts have considerable experience and knowledge [about] market conditions and methodologies for commercial valuations , tax valuations , disputes and valuations of items such as brands .

It is desirable to specifically request from the client 's lawyers that they will advise the Firm where they believe they have a conflict of interest in advising both their client and the Firm regarding the proposed transaction .
it is desirable to specifically request from the client 's lawyers that they will advise the firm where they believe they have a conflict of interest in advising both their client and the firm [about] the proposed transaction .

Regarding the ‘ domestic concern ’ exemption the following points are important to avoid the offer being treated as an offer to the public :
[about] the ‘ domestic concern ’ exemption the following points are important to avoid the offer being treated as an offer to the public :

It is envisaged that these arrangements shall remain in force until initial expressions of interest have been received and analysed and a decision taken regarding the handling of the next stage of the formal sale process .
it is envisaged that these arrangements shall remain in force until initial expressions of interest have been received and analysed and a decision taken [about] the handling of the next stage of the formal sale process .

In the event of the sale , no restrictions will be placed on [ name ] regarding the use of technical and intellectual property rights developed by name in conjunction with [ shareholder ] during the period of its association with [ shareholder ] .
in the event of the sale , no restrictions will be placed on [ name ] [about] the use of technical and intellectual property rights developed by name in conjunction with [ shareholder ] during the period of its association with [ shareholder ] .

Listen to offeror 's intention for the Name Group regarding :
listen to offeror 's intention for the name group [about] :

Until the earliest of ( i ) the execution by you of a definitive unconditional legally binding agreement regarding the acquisition of the Company ; ( ii ) an acquisition of the Company by a third party ; ( iii ) three years from the date of this Agreement , you agree not to initiate or maintain contact ( except for those contacts made in the ordinary course of business ) with any officer , director or employee of the Company regarding the Company 's business , operations , prospects or finances , except with the express written permission of the Vendors .
until the earliest of ( i ) the execution by you of a definitive unconditional legally binding agreement [about] the acquisition of the company ; ( ii ) an acquisition of the company by a third party ; ( iii ) three years from the date of this agreement , you agree not to initiate or maintain contact ( except for those contacts made in the ordinary course of business ) with any officer , director or employee of the company [about] the company 's business , operations , prospects or finances , except with the express written permission of the vendors .

[ To the best of our knowledge and belief publication of the information contained in the Memorandum regarding the contracts to which the Group is a party is not in breach of any of those contracts . ]
[ to the best of our knowledge and belief publication of the information contained in the memorandum [about] the contracts to which the group is a party is not in breach of any of those contracts . ]

Example cold approach for contacting a group holding company regarding the sale of one of its subsidiaries
example cold approach for contacting a group holding company [about] the sale of one of its subsidiaries

The approaches employed in this research are designed to tackle these problems in order to produce substantive conclusions regarding the patterns and processes of corporate finance between 1860 and 1914 .
the approaches employed in this research are designed to tackle these problems in order to produce substantive conclusions [about] the patterns and processes of corporate finance between 1860 and 1914 .

The principal aim of this national survey of these small businesses is to provide previously unavailable data regarding the nature of their operating efficiency , staffing , and potential training needs , in order to identify strategies for improving performance .
the principal aim of this national survey of these small businesses is to provide previously unavailable data [about] the nature of their operating efficiency , staffing , and potential training needs , in order to identify strategies for improving performance .

Over the last few years , there has been a considerable amount of interest regarding the role of joint consultation in British Industrial Relations .
over the last few years , there has been a considerable amount of interest [about] the role of joint consultation in british industrial relations .

However , little is known regarding how much information is actually provided voluntarily , whether such information meets the requirements of users of accounts and why it is only some companies which provide such information .
however , little is known [about] how much information is actually provided voluntarily , whether such information meets the requirements of users of accounts and why it is only some companies which provide such information .

The objective of this project is to assist the Post Office Engineering Union in the implementation of the Broad Strategy by providing information regarding the impact of its campaign on the membership .
the objective of this project is to assist the post office engineering union in the implementation of the broad strategy by providing information [about] the impact of its campaign on the membership .

The hosts were a local organisation called the ‘ Disabled of Craigmillar ’ whose aim is to highlight their projects and give help and advice regarding educational opportunities , training or re-training , welfare rights , wheelchair requirements , social activities and — last but not least — integrated sporting and recreational activities .
the hosts were a local organisation called the ‘ disabled of craigmillar ’ whose aim is to highlight their projects and give help and advice [about] educational opportunities , training or re-training , welfare rights , wheelchair requirements , social activities and — last but not least — integrated sporting and recreational activities .

The purpose of the current research project is to assess the influence of the Black Report on lay public opinion regarding radioactive risks .
the purpose of the current research project is to assess the influence of the black report on lay public opinion [about] radioactive risks .

a survey of public beliefs and attitudes regarding radioactive risk , other technological risk , and institutions charged with regulating and managing risk ;
a survey of public beliefs and attitudes [about] radioactive risk , other technological risk , and institutions charged with regulating and managing risk ;

an analysis of public opinion formation regarding
an analysis of public opinion formation [about]

In 1977 , the Joint Central Committee was asked to examine the effects of the Act on the Police Service in Scotland and to make recommendations regarding the employment of female officers .
in 1977 , the joint central committee was asked to examine the effects of the act on the police service in scotland and to make recommendations [about] the employment of female officers .

In part , these demand changes reflect broader issues regarding the contracting out of local authority services .
in part , these demand changes reflect broader issues [about] the contracting out of local authority services .

And , to draw conclusions and generate testable hypotheses regarding the following :
and , to draw conclusions and generate testable hypotheses [about] the following :

On new office accommodation the Council will explain the latest position regarding the new building at South Gyle .
on new office accommodation the council will explain the latest position [about] the new building at south gyle .

6. advise its members regarding any problems associated with the use of animals in research and on any matters relating to applications for Home Office licences under the Animals ( Scientific Procedures ) Act 1986 .
6. advise its members [about] any problems associated with the use of animals in research and on any matters relating to applications for home office licences under the animals ( scientific procedures ) act 1986 .

‘ Irish political parties , and this includes Sinn Fein , must be prepared to assist the British to face up to their responsibilities regarding the Unionists and to face up to our responsibilities towards them also .
‘ irish political parties , and this includes sinn fein , must be prepared to assist the british to face up to their responsibilities [about] the unionists and to face up to our responsibilities towards them also .

Scudamore said afterwards that the Leopardstown run was his best ever regarding his jumping , and although Chatam later flopped in the Cheltenham Gold Cup won by Jodami he was never going on the fast ground and the slower pace of the National should suit him .
scudamore said afterwards that the leopardstown run was his best ever [about] his jumping , and although chatam later flopped in the cheltenham gold cup won by jodami he was never going on the fast ground and the slower pace of the national should suit him .

Policy regarding the way in which the slides are mounted and stored .
policy [about] the way in which the slides are mounted and stored .

At the stepping rates considered in this Chapter we are justified in regarding the rotor velocity as constant ; the system inertia is sufficient to maintain a steady speed , even if the motor torque varies slightly during each step .
at the stepping rates considered in this chapter we are justified in [about] the rotor velocity as constant ; the system inertia is sufficient to maintain a steady speed , even if the motor torque varies slightly during each step .

This significant alteration in the nature of the Muftilik suggests the need for a reconsideration of the Turkish historical tradition regarding the establishment of the institution , to explore the possibility that Fahreddin Acemi was in a very real sense the first of the long line of Muftis .
this significant alteration in the nature of the muftilik suggests the need for a reconsideration of the turkish historical tradition [about] the establishment of the institution , to explore the possibility that fahreddin acemi was in a very real sense the first of the long line of muftis .

Speculation in regard to the relationship of the Muftiliks of Molla Fenari and Molla Yegan to that of Fahreddin Acemi founders because of the total lack of information concerning the Muftiliks of the first two ; and speculation regarding the reasons for the foundation of the institution is likewise extremely difficult as there is little enough information regarding the actual duties even of Fahreddin Acemi .
speculation in regard to the relationship of the muftiliks of molla fenari and molla yegan to that of fahreddin acemi founders because of the total lack of information concerning the muftiliks of the first two ; and speculation [about] the reasons for the foundation of the institution is likewise extremely difficult as there is little enough information [about] the actual duties even of fahreddin acemi .

‘ But what about the radio ? ’ Polly had total faith in Nathan 's seamanship , but they still had a lot of ocean to cross , and the radio was a source of vital information regarding sea and weather conditions .
‘ but what about the radio ? ’ polly had total faith in nathan 's seamanship , but they still had a lot of ocean to cross , and the radio was a source of vital information [about] sea and weather conditions .

The main points in the communique which was immediately issued included , a ) parallel statements by each government regarding the status of Northern Ireland b ) the setting up of a Council of Ireland c ) the setting up of a joint committee to consider the creation of a law enforcement area covering the whole island d ) consultation on , and coordination of , policing .
the main points in the communique which was immediately issued included , a ) parallel statements by each government [about] the status of northern ireland b ) the setting up of a council of ireland c ) the setting up of a joint committee to consider the creation of a law enforcement area covering the whole island d ) consultation on , and coordination of , policing .

Within days steps were taken in the Republic to challenge the Sunningdale proposals since the apparent agreement regarding the statue of Northern Ireland seemed inconsistent with the constitution .
within days steps were taken in the republic to challenge the sunningdale proposals since the apparent agreement [about] the statue of northern ireland seemed inconsistent with the constitution .

As a result of a two day debate at Westminster and the publication of a White Paper `` The Northern Ireland Constitution `` the Westminster government decided that a Constitutional Convention should be elected which would make proposals regarding the way in which the people of Northern Ireland themselves wished to be governed .
as a result of a two day debate at westminster and the publication of a white paper `` the northern ireland constitution `` the westminster government decided that a constitutional convention should be elected which would make proposals [about] the way in which the people of northern ireland themselves wished to be governed .

Though misgivings had been expressed regarding the possibility of a low turnout , in fact the percentage of votes cast fell from 72 % in 1973 to 66 % in 1975 .
though misgivings had been expressed [about] the possibility of a low turnout , in fact the percentage of votes cast fell from 72 % in 1973 to 66 % in 1975 .

‘ Hitherto , the Council has taken a positive view of franchising , regarding the overall benefits to both the profession and its clients as outweighing the disadvantages which will undoubtedly affect particular firms .
‘ hitherto , the council has taken a positive view of franchising , [about] the overall benefits to both the profession and its clients as outweighing the disadvantages which will undoubtedly affect particular firms .

Giving details on the financial status of the Group and new policies being introduced , the meetings also gave employees an opportunity to put any questions to Mr Wood regarding the Group or their specific Company .
giving details on the financial status of the group and new policies being introduced , the meetings also gave employees an opportunity to put any questions to mr wood [about] the group or their specific company .

make informed judgements regarding the most appropriate approach to a particular liquid effluent treatment problem by helping them to scan through a variety of technical options and to eliminate the less sensible ones ;
make informed judgements [about] the most appropriate approach to a particular liquid effluent treatment problem by helping them to scan through a variety of technical options and to eliminate the less sensible ones ;

’ he countered with simmering hostility , regarding her belligerent stance with brooding interest .
’ he countered with simmering hostility , [about] her belligerent stance with brooding interest .

His exclamation endorsed her suspicion , but why should he be regarding her with such a look of furious triumph on his face ?
his exclamation endorsed her suspicion , but why should he be [about] her with such a look of furious triumph on his face ?

He was regarding her patiently , not prompting a reply , but still standing close enough to abort any sudden move on her part to escape .
he was [about] her patiently , not prompting a reply , but still standing close enough to abort any sudden move on her part to escape .

She 'd gone to bed with Rune willingly , with both eyes wide open in a metaphorical sense , knowing his background and aware that , in the natural , uncomplicated atmosphere of Scandinavia , perhaps more than anywhere else in Europe there were fewer taboos regarding physical relationships between couples .
she 'd gone to bed with rune willingly , with both eyes wide open in a metaphorical sense , knowing his background and aware that , in the natural , uncomplicated atmosphere of scandinavia , perhaps more than anywhere else in europe there were fewer taboos [about] physical relationships between couples .

Rune , having obeyed her command , was sitting motionless , contenting himself by regarding her steadily through half-closed eyes .
rune , having obeyed her command , was sitting motionless , contenting himself by [about] her steadily through half-closed eyes .

For example , the three animal portrait artists interviewed here are successfully engaged with a differentiated public and certainly voice separate considerations regarding their production .
for example , the three animal portrait artists interviewed here are successfully engaged with a differentiated public and certainly voice separate considerations [about] their production .

As an exercise in questioning ‘ traditional ’ ideas regarding masculinity and femininity this work contends with basics such as there is more to femininity than putting on a skirt !
as an exercise in questioning ‘ traditional ’ ideas [about] masculinity and femininity this work contends with basics such as there is more to femininity than putting on a skirt !

The mental barriers encountered regarding suspension are similar to those found even today about the need for embalming .
the mental barriers encountered [about] suspension are similar to those found even today about the need for embalming .

She gave me a long discourse regarding the horrors of the Middle Ages , concluding by saying , ‘ Then was much misery in Budapest .
she gave me a long discourse [about] the horrors of the middle ages , concluding by saying , ‘ then was much misery in budapest .

It is also Company policy to encourage the spread of information regarding developments affecting both an employee 's workplace and Company wide .
it is also company policy to encourage the spread of information [about] developments affecting both an employee 's workplace and company wide .

’ Although generally popular with members of the company , Crawford left Leo McKern with ‘ the remaining impression of a young man with an inflated self-opinion regarding his importance ’ , although McKern added , ‘ However , he was obviously quite correct in this regard .
’ although generally popular with members of the company , crawford left leo mckern with ‘ the remaining impression of a young man with an inflated self-opinion [about] his importance ’ , although mckern added , ‘ however , he was obviously quite correct in this regard .

‘ It 's a very complicated market with all manner of complexities , and tight legislation regarding the production , marketing and distribution of alcohol , ’ says .
‘ it 's a very complicated market with all manner of complexities , and tight legislation [about] the production , marketing and distribution of alcohol , ’ says .

There is one final point regarding the changing forms of association which many of these early sociologists saw as characteristic of the new social order .
there is one final point [about] the changing forms of association which many of these early sociologists saw as characteristic of the new social order .

Like sociobiology , these speculations and connections regarding what the Chicago School would have termed the ‘ biotic sphere ’ are exciting and provocative .
like sociobiology , these speculations and connections [about] what the chicago school would have termed the ‘ biotic sphere ’ are exciting and provocative .

Urban sociology has tended recently to turn its attention away from the politics of collective consumption and towards a wider debate regarding the changing nature of civil society .
urban sociology has tended recently to turn its attention away from the politics of collective consumption and towards a wider debate [about] the changing nature of civil society .

are trapped while still using their insights regarding the economic or social bases of Thatcherism .
are trapped while still using their insights [about] the economic or social bases of thatcherism .

During the period between the close of nominations and the date of the first ballot , it shall be the responsibility of the constituency associations , represented by Conservative Members of Parliament , to inform the Member of their views regarding the candidates .
during the period between the close of nominations and the date of the first ballot , it shall be the responsibility of the constituency associations , represented by conservative members of parliament , to inform the member of their views [about] the candidates .

But relations between masters and men could be friendly and mutually regarding even under the putting-out system .
but relations between masters and men could be friendly and mutually [about] even under the putting-out system .

‘ The truth is , Mr Quatt , ’ Theda said in an even tone , ‘ that , in view of your altered circumstances , her ladyship is prepared to reconsider her decision regarding your erstwhile proposals to Miss Merchiston . ’
‘ the truth is , mr quatt , ’ theda said in an even tone , ‘ that , in view of your altered circumstances , her ladyship is prepared to reconsider her decision [about] your erstwhile proposals to miss merchiston . ’

On the other side of the room , an ancient dame was regarding Theda with a fixed stare while she slowly plied a fan before her face .
on the other side of the room , an ancient dame was [about] theda with a fixed stare while she slowly plied a fan before her face .

— for that his lost inheritance , through her fault , must prevent his ever regarding her with anything but hatred .
— for that his lost inheritance , through her fault , must prevent his ever [about] her with anything but hatred .

Other people 's ghosts oblige with tappings and — via the medium — messages regarding insurance policies left in hat boxes on top of wardrobes , but those Rainbow might claim as her own spirit guides are — as usual — out for the evening , probably off somewhere playing a gig or eating dinner .
other people 's ghosts oblige with tappings and — via the medium — messages [about] insurance policies left in hat boxes on top of wardrobes , but those rainbow might claim as her own spirit guides are — as usual — out for the evening , probably off somewhere playing a gig or eating dinner .

Even if Rainbow has entered the jaws of the enemy , the house rules regarding gender are crystal clear .
even if rainbow has entered the jaws of the enemy , the house rules [about] gender are crystal clear .

Was it her imagination or was the man opposite her regarding her warily ?
was it her imagination or was the man opposite her [about] her warily ?

‘ Doctor Agrippa , ’ he asked , ‘ when matters are decided regarding France , how are such conclusions reached and despatched abroad ? ’
‘ doctor agrippa , ’ he asked , ‘ when matters are decided [about] france , how are such conclusions reached and despatched abroad ? ’

Well , regarding this business of Buffy and the apple , you know — the pig does n't come into it until the end .
well , [about] this business of buffy and the apple , you know — the pig does n't come into it until the end .

The most important issue regarding freedom is that we fear that , far from more people being given control over their lives , when the new system comes into play , fewer people will have control .
the most important issue [about] freedom is that we fear that , far from more people being given control over their lives , when the new system comes into play , fewer people will have control .

The Government 's actions regarding observance of the law do not escape attention by ordinary people .
the government 's actions [about] observance of the law do not escape attention by ordinary people .

Friend the Member for Clackmannan asked a number of questions on Tuesday regarding the reserves , and perhaps the Minister could provide some of the answers this evening .
friend the member for clackmannan asked a number of questions on tuesday [about] the reserves , and perhaps the minister could provide some of the answers this evening .

In Northern Ireland , special wastes are subject to the Pollution Control ( Special Waste ) Regulations ( Northern Ireland ) 1981 , which impose the same requirements as in Britain regarding pre-notification of movement of waste to suitable licensed disposal facilities .
in northern ireland , special wastes are subject to the pollution control ( special waste ) regulations ( northern ireland ) 1981 , which impose the same requirements as in britain [about] pre-notification of movement of waste to suitable licensed disposal facilities .

( Note : The Society is in possession of a photo-copied book of reference dated Nov 1864 , relating to the parish of Churchstoke regarding the last two bills . )
( note : the society is in possession of a photo-copied book of reference dated nov 1864 , relating to the parish of churchstoke [about] the last two bills . )

‘ That was it exactly . ’ He paused , regarding her steadily before he asked , ‘ You have a job in Wellington , Miss Telford ? ’
‘ that was it exactly . ’ he paused , [about] her steadily before he asked , ‘ you have a job in wellington , miss telford ? ’

‘ Will she indeed ? ’ Silas queried softly while regarding Lucy with interest . ‘ Now what was all that about ? ’
‘ will she indeed ? ’ silas queried softly while [about] lucy with interest . ‘ now what was all that about ? ’

‘ You 're quite sure who did what ? ’ Silas drawled from behind her , regarding Lucy with interest .
‘ you 're quite sure who did what ? ’ silas drawled from behind her , [about] lucy with interest .

’ he queried , his dark eyes regarding her intently .
’ he queried , his dark eyes [about] her intently .

He stood at the doorway regarding the room with approval before he said , ‘ Thank you , girls — you 've done an excellent job .
he stood at the doorway [about] the room with approval before he said , ‘ thank you , girls — you 've done an excellent job .

To ask the Secretary of State for Scotland what was the total number of responses to the consultation process regarding the application for trust status for Ayrshire South hospital ; and how many were for or against .
to ask the secretary of state for scotland what was the total number of responses to the consultation process [about] the application for trust status for ayrshire south hospital ; and how many were for or against .

To ask the Secretary of State for Employment what representations he has received regarding the proposal by the Employment Service Agency to close the offices at Catrine and Dalmellington .
to ask the secretary of state for employment what representations he has received [about] the proposal by the employment service agency to close the offices at catrine and dalmellington .

To ask the Secretary of State for the Environment what representations he has received recently regarding an eco-labelling scheme for environmentally benign products ; and if he will make a statement .
to ask the secretary of state for the environment what representations he has received recently [about] an eco-labelling scheme for environmentally benign products ; and if he will make a statement .

To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department what representations he has received regarding increases in the incidence of ram-raiding .
to ask the secretary of state for the home department what representations he has received [about] increases in the incidence of ram-raiding .

To ask the Secretary of State for Education and Science whether he will make a statement on his replies to representations which he has received regarding the future financing of adult education .
to ask the secretary of state for education and science whether he will make a statement on his replies to representations which he has received [about] the future financing of adult education .

Regarding the £4 million , is not telling local authorities that they have to produce schemes within two weeks and that the money has to be spent by March a disorderly way of doing things ?
[about] the £4 million , is not telling local authorities that they have to produce schemes within two weeks and that the money has to be spent by march a disorderly way of doing things ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will make a further statement on his policy regarding the disposal of land surplus to his Department 's requirements .
to ask the secretary of state for defence if he will make a further statement on his policy [about] the disposal of land surplus to his department 's requirements .

To ask the Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food whether he is now in a position to reveal the latest survey regarding dioxin levels in milk in the Bolsover area ; and if he will make a statement .
to ask the minister of agriculture , fisheries and food whether he is now in a position to reveal the latest survey [about] dioxin levels in milk in the bolsover area ; and if he will make a statement .

To ask the Secretary of State for Transport what consultations he has had with the chairman of British Rail regarding the safety of the signalling systems in use on the Cardiff-Paddington line .
to ask the secretary of state for transport what consultations he has had with the chairman of british rail [about] the safety of the signalling systems in use on the cardiff-paddington line .

To ask the Secretary of State for Wales what consultations he has had with local education authorities in Wales regarding the provisions affecting Wales in the Education ( Schools ) Bill . 6
to ask the secretary of state for wales what consultations he has had with local education authorities in wales [about] the provisions affecting wales in the education ( schools ) bill . 6

Is the Home Secretary aware that there is considerable concern that the sort of co-operation that exists regarding the police is not subject to proper democratic scrutiny ?
is the home secretary aware that there is considerable concern that the sort of co-operation that exists [about] the police is not subject to proper democratic scrutiny ?

To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department what representations he has received from motor car manufacturers regarding their intentions to improve motor car security . 14
to ask the secretary of state for the home department what representations he has received from motor car manufacturers [about] their intentions to improve motor car security . 14

To ask the Secretary of State for Education and Science what consultations he has had with the Committee of Vice-Chancellors and Principals regarding capital expenditure on new university teaching buildings .
to ask the secretary of state for education and science what consultations he has had with the committee of vice-chancellors and principals [about] capital expenditure on new university teaching buildings .

To ask the Secretary of State for Defence what further consultations he has had regarding ’ Options for Change ’ , in the light of the disintegration of the Soviet Union .
to ask the secretary of state for defence what further consultations he has had [about] ’ options for change ’ , in the light of the disintegration of the soviet union .

Regarding that point , when the right hon. Gentleman saw President Yeltsin did he explain to him why until very recently this Government have said that a minimum effective deterrent is 512 nuclear warheads and why they are now saying that an effective deterrent could be fewer than 192 nuclear warheads ?
[about] that point , when the right hon. gentleman saw president yeltsin did he explain to him why until very recently this government have said that a minimum effective deterrent is 512 nuclear warheads and why they are now saying that an effective deterrent could be fewer than 192 nuclear warheads ?

The position regarding the supply of arms to Syria remains as it was when Ministers were last questioned about it in the House .
the position [about] the supply of arms to syria remains as it was when ministers were last questioned about it in the house .

To ask the Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food what recent representations he has received regarding the Milk Marketing Board 's proposals for changes in the milk marketing scheme ,
to ask the minister of agriculture , fisheries and food what recent representations he has received [about] the milk marketing board 's proposals for changes in the milk marketing scheme ,

To ask the Secretary of State for Employment what discussions he has had with employers regarding child care .
to ask the secretary of state for employment what discussions he has had with employers [about] child care .

The claim is currently being considered by the Adjudication Officer who is awaiting a reply from the employer regarding Mr. Docherty 's response to their claim that he was dismissed for misconduct .
the claim is currently being considered by the adjudication officer who is awaiting a reply from the employer [about] mr. docherty 's response to their claim that he was dismissed for misconduct .

There is a great confusion involved in regarding sovereignty as in some way akin to virginity — ’ Now you have it , now you do n't .
there is a great confusion involved in [about] sovereignty as in some way akin to virginity — ’ now you have it , now you do n't .

Does the Leader of the House acknowledge that the discussions in which Ministers are involved in the European Commission regarding the MacSharry proposals are of fundamental importance to the future of British agriculture ?
does the leader of the house acknowledge that the discussions in which ministers are involved in the european commission [about] the macsharry proposals are of fundamental importance to the future of british agriculture ?

He was stretched out on his side , raised on one elbow , regarding her .
he was stretched out on his side , raised on one elbow , [about] her .

’ Emmie said bewildered , regarding a purplish bundle of asparagus , a crisp Webb 's Wonder .
’ emmie said bewildered , [about] a purplish bundle of asparagus , a crisp webb 's wonder .

Hence there is a role for government collective action to improve the efficiency of resource allocation by negotiating and enforcing regulations regarding the use of common goods .
hence there is a role for government collective action to improve the efficiency of resource allocation by negotiating and enforcing regulations [about] the use of common goods .

However legislation regarding the rights and duties of employers and the powers , responsibilities and liabilities of trade unions , greatly affects the degree of competition in labour markets .
however legislation [about] the rights and duties of employers and the powers , responsibilities and liabilities of trade unions , greatly affects the degree of competition in labour markets .

In such cases of disagreement between professionally and theoretically interested parties , it sometimes proves a useful corrective to step back from the problem and to enquire into ‘ folk ’ conceptions regarding the relevant issues .
in such cases of disagreement between professionally and theoretically interested parties , it sometimes proves a useful corrective to step back from the problem and to enquire into ‘ folk ’ conceptions [about] the relevant issues .

When fitzAlan stepped away from her and sat down on a nearby chair , hooking one booted foot over his knee and regarding her with grimly assessing eyes , her mind was clear once more , ready with the plan Matilda had outlined .
when fitzalan stepped away from her and sat down on a nearby chair , hooking one booted foot over his knee and [about] her with grimly assessing eyes , her mind was clear once more , ready with the plan matilda had outlined .

The concepts introduced above have been more precisely defined , leading to a consensus regarding their meaning and to experimental measurements .
the concepts introduced above have been more precisely defined , leading to a consensus [about] their meaning and to experimental measurements .

In major enumerative schemes , synthesis is often controlled by careful instructions regarding citation order and the way in which the notation for complex subjects is to be built up from its components .
in major enumerative schemes , synthesis is often controlled by careful instructions [about] citation order and the way in which the notation for complex subjects is to be built up from its components .

Again , like Marx and the elite theorists he conceives the state largely , if not wholly , in terms of domination ; and this ‘ realist ’ view distinguishes him sharply from those social scientists who , while differing about what the role of the state should be ( how interventionist or laissez-faire ) , agree fundamentally in regarding it as an autonomous and neutral body , which arbitrates among competing claims and expresses the real consensus in society that underlies particular conflicts of interest .
again , like marx and the elite theorists he conceives the state largely , if not wholly , in terms of domination ; and this ‘ realist ’ view distinguishes him sharply from those social scientists who , while differing about what the role of the state should be ( how interventionist or laissez-faire ) , agree fundamentally in [about] it as an autonomous and neutral body , which arbitrates among competing claims and expresses the real consensus in society that underlies particular conflicts of interest .

‘ As long as it 's up to the standard of all the other music we play and in line with what listeners ’ tastes require us to provide , although opinions will inevitably vary regarding both criteria , especially as we 're a non-specialist station with specialist programmes . ’
‘ as long as it 's up to the standard of all the other music we play and in line with what listeners ’ tastes require us to provide , although opinions will inevitably vary [about] both criteria , especially as we 're a non-specialist station with specialist programmes . ’

Maria hesitated , self-consciously aware of the stupidity of resistance now when their relationship was a fait accompli and irreversible , but disturbed by the way he was regarding her .
maria hesitated , self-consciously aware of the stupidity of resistance now when their relationship was a fait accompli and irreversible , but disturbed by the way he was [about] her .

’ Luke leaned back against the balcony railing , regarding her with bright eyes .
’ luke leaned back against the balcony railing , [about] her with bright eyes .

’ He broke off , regarding her warily for a moment before laughing , a hard , hollow sound accompanied by a shrug that could have been of acceptance , or resignation .
’ he broke off , [about] her warily for a moment before laughing , a hard , hollow sound accompanied by a shrug that could have been of acceptance , or resignation .

Looking very much like the arrogant duchess he had once accused her of being , despite her wet and muddy state , she drew herself up to her full height , and stated with flat finality , ‘ You can both do as you please regarding the land .
looking very much like the arrogant duchess he had once accused her of being , despite her wet and muddy state , she drew herself up to her full height , and stated with flat finality , ‘ you can both do as you please [about] the land .

Immigration policy and policy regarding nationals of third countries :
immigration policy and policy [about] nationals of third countries :

The central question regarding the proposed expansion of the Community thus remains that of whether it will provide the impetus for closer integration or for the beginning of a Europe ‘ à la carte ’ .
the central question [about] the proposed expansion of the community thus remains that of whether it will provide the impetus for closer integration or for the beginning of a europe ‘ à la carte ’ .

Starting from the theory of job search we specify an estimable model which is derived under a particular assumption regarding the dynamic behaviour of the unemployed individual .
starting from the theory of job search we specify an estimable model which is derived under a particular assumption [about] the dynamic behaviour of the unemployed individual .

’ Minter leaned back in his chair for a moment , regarding Harry as if he were a specimen of endangered wildlife .
’ minter leaned back in his chair for a moment , [about] harry as if he were a specimen of endangered wildlife .

In regarding the literary text as an instrument of expression or representation , the specificity of its literary qualities is likely to be overlooked .
in [about] the literary text as an instrument of expression or representation , the specificity of its literary qualities is likely to be overlooked .

discover any differences of perception regarding ‘ what counts ’ as stereotypical portrayal ;
discover any differences of perception [about] ‘ what counts ’ as stereotypical portrayal ;

She was regarding them with wide , dark eyes , full of uncertainty .
she was [about] them with wide , dark eyes , full of uncertainty .

He was sitting on the edge of the table and was regarding her with his steady blue gaze .
he was sitting on the edge of the table and was [about] her with his steady blue gaze .

Thank you for your letter of 20th February regarding the forthcoming road closure of Station Lane .
thank you for your letter of 20th february [about] the forthcoming road closure of station lane .

In the information given regarding projects it would appear that a Mother and Toddler Group would fall into Section 3 , Priority 1 . ’
in the information given [about] projects it would appear that a mother and toddler group would fall into section 3 , priority 1 . ’

Thank you for your reply to my letter of 24th October regarding Village Hall rates and water rates .
thank you for your reply to my letter of 24th october [about] village hall rates and water rates .

’ She gave other useful pointers regarding service , training and other staff matters that have obviously helped Leeds branch in maintaining their position as a highly effective new business unit .
’ she gave other useful pointers [about] service , training and other staff matters that have obviously helped leeds branch in maintaining their position as a highly effective new business unit .

Decisions must be reached regarding the type of activity and all necessary arrangements made .
decisions must be reached [about] the type of activity and all necessary arrangements made .

Future plans for the Sciences will also involve negotiations with appropriate bodies regarding formal recognition of the new provision .
future plans for the sciences will also involve negotiations with appropriate bodies [about] formal recognition of the new provision .

Any information obtained from a lawful medical examination regarding the medical condition and history of a disabled person would be collected and maintained on separate forms and in separate medical files .
any information obtained from a lawful medical examination [about] the medical condition and history of a disabled person would be collected and maintained on separate forms and in separate medical files .

Such discrimination is contrary to the principle of equal treatment of men and women regarding access to employment , which requires the setting up of a single list of successful candidates , without any regard to their sex , according to the marks obtained , and the hiring from this list according to the marks , irrespective of the candidates ' sex and the needs invoked by the employer , except in cases of occupational activities for which , by reason of their nature or the context in which they are carried out , the sex of the worker constitutes a determining factor .
such discrimination is contrary to the principle of equal treatment of men and women [about] access to employment , which requires the setting up of a single list of successful candidates , without any regard to their sex , according to the marks obtained , and the hiring from this list according to the marks , irrespective of the candidates ' sex and the needs invoked by the employer , except in cases of occupational activities for which , by reason of their nature or the context in which they are carried out , the sex of the worker constitutes a determining factor .

regulations regarding stability calculations reviewed
regulations [about] stability calculations reviewed

Clearly there is no complete consensus regarding the effects of emotional arousal on memory , the reason for this is that there is no single simple relationship which holds for all types and degrees of arousal on all types of memory performance .
clearly there is no complete consensus [about] the effects of emotional arousal on memory , the reason for this is that there is no single simple relationship which holds for all types and degrees of arousal on all types of memory performance .

The undernoted staff are available with queries regarding library and filing matters .
the undernoted staff are available with queries [about] library and filing matters .

However , there is little advice regarding how their needs can be catered for .
however , there is little advice [about] how their needs can be catered for .

4.6 There is ample further evidence for regarding the second and third elements in such sequences — unlike the others we have seen so far — as jointly equivalent to a clause at the intensional level ; let us consider the four points which follow : First , most or all such phrases accept the insertion of the explicit predicator to be in front of the adjective ( and to be seems to be more or less obligatory when such adjectives are questioned ) ; we have already seen examples ( e.g. ( 35 ) , ( 41 ) ) . It is revealing that , in a very similar way , to be can be present or omitted in an actual non-finite clause where it signals the passive of a verb phrase although its presence is generally preferred : ( 48 ) Cromwell ordered the Abbot of Reading ( to be ) tried and executed immediately The same insertion is sometimes superficially possible for predicate qualifiers ; but in reality this indicates a main verb which is semantically compatible with the relation of either construction ; an example would be like ( or want ) which makes it possible for us to set ( 49 ) beside ( 8 ) : ( 49 ) Alastair likes his beef tea to be strong However , with most preceding verb phrases , such a change to the predicate qualifier construction will produce a result which is ungrammatical and may even present difficulties of interpretation : ( 50 ) ( a ) the children have kept the fish-tank clean : how have the children kept the fish-tank ? ( b ) the children have kept the fish-tank to be clean
4.6 there is ample further evidence for [about] the second and third elements in such sequences — unlike the others we have seen so far — as jointly equivalent to a clause at the intensional level ; let us consider the four points which follow : first , most or all such phrases accept the insertion of the explicit predicator to be in front of the adjective ( and to be seems to be more or less obligatory when such adjectives are questioned ) ; we have already seen examples ( e.g. ( 35 ) , ( 41 ) ) . it is revealing that , in a very similar way , to be can be present or omitted in an actual non-finite clause where it signals the passive of a verb phrase although its presence is generally preferred : ( 48 ) cromwell ordered the abbot of reading ( to be ) tried and executed immediately the same insertion is sometimes superficially possible for predicate qualifiers ; but in reality this indicates a main verb which is semantically compatible with the relation of either construction ; an example would be like ( or want ) which makes it possible for us to set ( 49 ) beside ( 8 ) : ( 49 ) alastair likes his beef tea to be strong however , with most preceding verb phrases , such a change to the predicate qualifier construction will produce a result which is ungrammatical and may even present difficulties of interpretation : ( 50 ) ( a ) the children have kept the fish-tank clean : how have the children kept the fish-tank ? ( b ) the children have kept the fish-tank to be clean

In ( 36 ) the adjective former does not qualify the properties , as such , implied by the use of the word king ; the sentence does not mention any entity that has characteristics formerly typical of kings — such as regarding oneself as the owner of one 's subjects , perhaps , or believing that one is of divine lineage .
in ( 36 ) the adjective former does not qualify the properties , as such , implied by the use of the word king ; the sentence does not mention any entity that has characteristics formerly typical of kings — such as [about] oneself as the owner of one 's subjects , perhaps , or believing that one is of divine lineage .

It is possible to distinguish , albeit rather grossly , between two contrasting philosophical positions regarding the relationship between theory and data .
it is possible to distinguish , albeit rather grossly , between two contrasting philosophical positions [about] the relationship between theory and data .

With reference to the official statistics , Durkheim did this first of all by regarding the rates compiled by officials in the pursuance of their routine duties as not so much a simple factual registration of certain types of death , but as indicators of a `` suicidogenic `` current caused by various states of society itself .
with reference to the official statistics , durkheim did this first of all by [about] the rates compiled by officials in the pursuance of their routine duties as not so much a simple factual registration of certain types of death , but as indicators of a `` suicidogenic `` current caused by various states of society itself .

Moreover , by today 's standards they both adopted rather naive assumptions regarding the nature of and the relationship between behaviour , ideas and respondent reports of these .
moreover , by today 's standards they both adopted rather naive assumptions [about] the nature of and the relationship between behaviour , ideas and respondent reports of these .

Three documents were signed on issues of legal succession to the Soviet Union regarding treaties , property , archives and debts and assets .
three documents were signed on issues of legal succession to the soviet union [about] treaties , property , archives and debts and assets .

Potential problems regarding the treaty 's formal implementation , which surfaced after the former Soviet republics of Armenia and Byelarus said that they were unable immediately to ratify the accord , were circumvented by an extraordinary conference in Vienna at which representatives from 29 signatory nations approved " provisional application " of the treaty pending its ratification by Armenia and Byelarus .
potential problems [about] the treaty 's formal implementation , which surfaced after the former soviet republics of armenia and byelarus said that they were unable immediately to ratify the accord , were circumvented by an extraordinary conference in vienna at which representatives from 29 signatory nations approved " provisional application " of the treaty pending its ratification by armenia and byelarus .

The case had become the focus of considerable controversy and political agitation , with many people regarding it as an exercise by the communist administration to silence one of its most popular nationalist critics .
the case had become the focus of considerable controversy and political agitation , with many people [about] it as an exercise by the communist administration to silence one of its most popular nationalist critics .

Speaking on Soviet television on May 22 , Moiseyev acknowledged that although " a certain amount of understanding was achieved " , problems remained " regarding the naval forces " .
speaking on soviet television on may 22 , moiseyev acknowledged that although " a certain amount of understanding was achieved " , problems remained " [about] the naval forces " .

Arab states including Algeria , Jordan , Sudan , Syria and Yemen strongly condemned the plan , regarding it as setting a dangerous precedent in the region and also as signalling the effective three-way partitioning of Iraq into Kurdish , Sunni and Shia blocs .
arab states including algeria , jordan , sudan , syria and yemen strongly condemned the plan , [about] it as setting a dangerous precedent in the region and also as signalling the effective three-way partitioning of iraq into kurdish , sunni and shia blocs .

Regarding the longstanding dispute over ownership of the Black Sea Fleet , it was decided to form Russian and Ukrainian naval forces on the basis of this Fleet .
[about] the longstanding dispute over ownership of the black sea fleet , it was decided to form russian and ukrainian naval forces on the basis of this fleet .

On June 21 , 1991 , a full judicial inquiry was opened into `` allegations regarding illegal activities , fraud and malpractice in , and in connection with , the beef processing industry `` .
on june 21 , 1991 , a full judicial inquiry was opened into `` allegations [about] illegal activities , fraud and malpractice in , and in connection with , the beef processing industry `` .

In her resignation letter Gandhi claimed that she was unhappy at the `` strange and unilateral decisions `` taken by Singh and criticized him for his policies regarding Kashmir and Punjab and for his implementation of the Mandal Commission report [ see below ] .
in her resignation letter gandhi claimed that she was unhappy at the `` strange and unilateral decisions `` taken by singh and criticized him for his policies [about] kashmir and punjab and for his implementation of the mandal commission report [ see below ] .

The governments of the two contracting parties recommend to the legislative bodies of the united Germany that within two years they should deal with the questions regarding amendments or additions to the Basic Law as raised in connection with German unification …
the governments of the two contracting parties recommend to the legislative bodies of the united germany that within two years they should deal with the questions [about] amendments or additions to the basic law as raised in connection with german unification …

His judgement regarding the timing of the Irish government 's involvement would , he said , be governed by the fact that all three sets of discussions would get under way within weeks of each other .
his judgement [about] the timing of the irish government 's involvement would , he said , be governed by the fact that all three sets of discussions would get under way within weeks of each other .

Reports regarding Iraqi nuclear capabilities
reports [about] iraqi nuclear capabilities

According to a spokesman , `` the orders regarding the opening of fire were clarified and broadened to enable Israeli soldiers to properly react in cases of danger to life `` .
according to a spokesman , `` the orders [about] the opening of fire were clarified and broadened to enable israeli soldiers to properly react in cases of danger to life `` .

Members of Iraqi opposition groups in exile met in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , at end-February , but made little progress in overcoming their differences regarding the future of Iraq or plans to topple the regime of President Saddam Hussein .
members of iraqi opposition groups in exile met in riyadh , saudi arabia , at end-february , but made little progress in overcoming their differences [about] the future of iraq or plans to topple the regime of president saddam hussein .

However , the registration process was boycotted by several opposition groups , which took legal action to challenge the legislation regarding the formation and conduct of political parties .
however , the registration process was boycotted by several opposition groups , which took legal action to challenge the legislation [about] the formation and conduct of political parties .

Yeltsin had said at a press conference after the Alma Ata meeting that `` we do not want to follow the tradition which has taken shape since 1917 of burying each [ former ] head and leader of the state and subsequently reburying him or regarding him as a criminal `` .
yeltsin had said at a press conference after the alma ata meeting that `` we do not want to follow the tradition which has taken shape since 1917 of burying each [ former ] head and leader of the state and subsequently reburying him or [about] him as a criminal `` .

The European Council declared that " at a moment when these Republics express democratically and peacefully their will to accede to full sovereignty , the Community and its member states wish to open with them , in a spirit of co-operation , a dialogue regarding the development of their mutual relationship " .
the european council declared that " at a moment when these republics express democratically and peacefully their will to accede to full sovereignty , the community and its member states wish to open with them , in a spirit of co-operation , a dialogue [about] the development of their mutual relationship " .

[ Developments regarding the linked Tuareg rebellion in Niger will be covered in the January 1992 issue . ]
[ developments [about] the linked tuareg rebellion in niger will be covered in the january 1992 issue . ]

Lack of progress regarding German hostages and Israeli POWs
lack of progress [about] german hostages and israeli pows

New employment laws regarding dismissal , redundancy and sick leave would be introduced , and the church would have an increased role in education .
new employment laws [about] dismissal , redundancy and sick leave would be introduced , and the church would have an increased role in education .

Despite generally optimistic assessments of the sixth round by commentators , particularly regarding the Syrian-Israeli negotiations , no concrete progress was reported .
despite generally optimistic assessments of the sixth round by commentators , particularly [about] the syrian-israeli negotiations , no concrete progress was reported .

As Tyminski 's showing in opinion polls improved dramatically , doubts were raised regarding his credentials and background , his qualifications , his multiple citizenships , his business dealings , his leadership of the fringe Libertarian Party of Canada , and even his mental stability .
as tyminski 's showing in opinion polls improved dramatically , doubts were raised [about] his credentials and background , his qualifications , his multiple citizenships , his business dealings , his leadership of the fringe libertarian party of canada , and even his mental stability .

He said afterwards that he thought the explanations he had given regarding the crisis had satisfied the King .
he said afterwards that he thought the explanations he had given [about] the crisis had satisfied the king .

Regarding the commercial banks , it suggested reducing debt through the exchange of principal for long-term bonds , payable over 35 years or more , taking into account their reduced value on the secondary market ( 27 cents to the dollar at the end of 1989 ) .
[about] the commercial banks , it suggested reducing debt through the exchange of principal for long-term bonds , payable over 35 years or more , taking into account their reduced value on the secondary market ( 27 cents to the dollar at the end of 1989 ) .

In a joint declaration they emphasised the importance of " full-scale economic co-operation " and co-ordinated security , arms control and science policy , especially regarding the former Soviet installations in the space station at Baikonur and the nuclear testing ground at Semipalatinsk , and territorial integrity .
in a joint declaration they emphasised the importance of " full-scale economic co-operation " and co-ordinated security , arms control and science policy , especially [about] the former soviet installations in the space station at baikonur and the nuclear testing ground at semipalatinsk , and territorial integrity .

Policy regarding ex-Soviet states
policy [about] ex-soviet states

There was heated debate regarding the performance of number of ministers .
there was heated debate [about] the performance of number of ministers .

In its 29-page report Africa Watch accused the military government of President Ibrahim Babangida of regarding itself as `` above the law `` , and of denying justice to its critics .
in its 29-page report africa watch accused the military government of president ibrahim babangida of [about] itself as `` above the law `` , and of denying justice to its critics .

It was announced on Feb. 14 that the Soviet ambassador in Reykjavík , Igor Krasavin , was being recalled until " suitable explanations " were given by Iceland regarding the Jan. 31 decision to establish diplomatic relations with Lithuania as an independent republic . of Communist Party leader
it was announced on feb. 14 that the soviet ambassador in reykjavík , igor krasavin , was being recalled until " suitable explanations " were given by iceland [about] the jan. 31 decision to establish diplomatic relations with lithuania as an independent republic . of communist party leader

Regarding the first theme , it is claimed that the provision of welfare by state monopolies leads to waste since they are protected from the efficiency-inducing pressure of market competition .
[about] the first theme , it is claimed that the provision of welfare by state monopolies leads to waste since they are protected from the efficiency-inducing pressure of market competition .

Regarding the second theme , market liberals concur with radical liberals like Illich that professionals and bureaucrats tend to promote their own interests rather than meeting the needs of their clients .
[about] the second theme , market liberals concur with radical liberals like illich that professionals and bureaucrats tend to promote their own interests rather than meeting the needs of their clients .

The `` new nurse `` would have a higher and broader level of competencies , expected to make and be fully accountable for all decisions regarding the care given to patients .
the `` new nurse `` would have a higher and broader level of competencies , expected to make and be fully accountable for all decisions [about] the care given to patients .

It is interesting to contrast the above strict rules regarding contracts for the sale of land with that operating in a continental system .
it is interesting to contrast the above strict rules [about] contracts for the sale of land with that operating in a continental system .

Thus , tenants were singled out for protection regarding rent levels and security , but mere licensees were excluded from this .
thus , tenants were singled out for protection [about] rent levels and security , but mere licensees were excluded from this .

It has become the means for distinguishing between leases and licences , the latter being the means by which lawyers sought to find a way around statutory controls regarding the levels of rent and security for the tenant .
it has become the means for distinguishing between leases and licences , the latter being the means by which lawyers sought to find a way around statutory controls [about] the levels of rent and security for the tenant .

These included the abolition of absolute covenants by translating them into fully qualified covenants ; the elimination of qualified covenants such that they would take effect as a fully qualified covenant ; and the placing of the burden of proof for proving `` reasonableness `` where consent has been withheld , together with a restriction upon landlords seeking to delay their decisions regarding consent .
these included the abolition of absolute covenants by translating them into fully qualified covenants ; the elimination of qualified covenants such that they would take effect as a fully qualified covenant ; and the placing of the burden of proof for proving `` reasonableness `` where consent has been withheld , together with a restriction upon landlords seeking to delay their decisions [about] consent .

We expect that many issues will arise regarding the possible transfer of credit from other course such as Standard Grades and Highers .
we expect that many issues will arise [about] the possible transfer of credit from other course such as standard grades and highers .

We have initiated talks with individual local authorities regarding their funding of student bursaries and grants for general SVQs .
we have initiated talks with individual local authorities [about] their funding of student bursaries and grants for general svqs .

Discussions with the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities regarding a nationwide funding policy are also under way .
discussions with the convention of scottish local authorities [about] a nationwide funding policy are also under way .

The new general SVQs will be available for implementation later in the year , and a letter will be sent to all centres in March regarding piloting in the second phase .
the new general svqs will be available for implementation later in the year , and a letter will be sent to all centres in march [about] piloting in the second phase .

Also in May , centres were sent a letter regarding the current review of Information Technology core skills .
also in may , centres were sent a letter [about] the current review of information technology core skills .

In a year the chairman 's office might deal with two or three Open Doors regarding dismissal , a few more about advancement , pay , or being moved , a couple where the employee and his manager could n't get along , and a handful of others .
in a year the chairman 's office might deal with two or three open doors [about] dismissal , a few more about advancement , pay , or being moved , a couple where the employee and his manager could n't get along , and a handful of others .

The charts entitled ‘ One-way channels ’ and ‘ Two-way channels show where people say they currently get their information ; the ‘ Supervisors and Grapevines ’ chart compares your department results regarding these two channels with results from a few other departments .
the charts entitled ‘ one-way channels ’ and ‘ two-way channels show where people say they currently get their information ; the ‘ supervisors and grapevines ’ chart compares your department results [about] these two channels with results from a few other departments .

There are detailed provisions regarding the transfer of shares and regarding holding shares as nominee .
there are detailed provisions [about] the transfer of shares and [about] holding shares as nominee .

( 9 ) For the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of Shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the Directors are empowered to require that a Transfer Notice be given or to resolve that a Transfer Notice be deemed to have been given the Directors may from time to time require any Member or past Member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any Member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the Company such information and evidence as the Directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .
( 9 ) for the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the directors are empowered to require that a transfer notice be given or to resolve that a transfer notice be deemed to have been given the directors may from time to time require any member or past member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the company such information and evidence as the directors may think fit [about] any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .

( 9 ) For the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of Shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the Directors are empowered to require that a Transfer Notice be given or to resolve that a Transfer Notice be deemed to have been given the Directors may from time to time require any Member or past Member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any Member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the Company such information and evidence as the Directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .
( 9 ) for the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the directors are empowered to require that a transfer notice be given or to resolve that a transfer notice be deemed to have been given the directors may from time to time require any member or past member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the company such information and evidence as the directors may think fit [about] any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .

In contrast , in an exchange rate union there inevitably exists a degree of uncertainty , however limited , regarding intra-union exchange rates .
in contrast , in an exchange rate union there inevitably exists a degree of uncertainty , however limited , [about] intra-union exchange rates .

It follows , then , that in an exchange rate union , in contrast to a currency union , monetary integration may not be complete and the conditions for the creation of monetary union may not be satisfied because of the persistence of uncertainty regarding intra-union exchange rates .
it follows , then , that in an exchange rate union , in contrast to a currency union , monetary integration may not be complete and the conditions for the creation of monetary union may not be satisfied because of the persistence of uncertainty [about] intra-union exchange rates .

what is the position regarding freelance computer programmers and consultants ?
what is the position [about] freelance computer programmers and consultants ?

However , it must be said that , if the courts follow this interpretation , it will lead to all manner of complications regarding the commercial use of expert systems and other `` intermediate `` systems .
however , it must be said that , if the courts follow this interpretation , it will lead to all manner of complications [about] the commercial use of expert systems and other `` intermediate `` systems .

The relevant provisions in the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 regarding hire agreements include implied terms about the right of the supplier to transfer possession of the goods , that the goods must correspond with their description and implied terms about quality and fitness for purpose ( sections 7 to 10 ) .
the relevant provisions in the supply of goods and services act 1982 [about] hire agreements include implied terms about the right of the supplier to transfer possession of the goods , that the goods must correspond with their description and implied terms about quality and fitness for purpose ( sections 7 to 10 ) .

If you are negotiating with a salesman with a view to acquiring computer software , he may make statements regarding the software and its performance .
if you are negotiating with a salesman with a view to acquiring computer software , he may make statements [about] the software and its performance .

The fact that organizations developing or supplying software or manufacturing and distributing hardware could be liable for the consequences of failure requires them to consider means of reducing or limiting liability and , whilst practical measures such as quality control and testing are of vital importance , regard must be had to the legal position regarding defects .
the fact that organizations developing or supplying software or manufacturing and distributing hardware could be liable for the consequences of failure requires them to consider means of reducing or limiting liability and , whilst practical measures such as quality control and testing are of vital importance , regard must be had to the legal position [about] defects .

The final decision regarding publication of the findings shall rest with the Council .
the final decision [about] publication of the findings shall rest with the council .

All comments regarding the Medau News should be sent to Adrienne Ring or Hilda in the Office .
all comments [about] the medau news should be sent to adrienne ring or hilda in the office .

With your Medau News you will have received a letter regarding the National Draw and some draw tickets .
with your medau news you will have received a letter [about] the national draw and some draw tickets .

Regarding ( 100a ) and ( 100b ) , Riddle observes for instance that ( 100a ) `` does not entail that the woman in question is actually intelligent .
[about] ( 100a ) and ( 100b ) , riddle observes for instance that ( 100a ) `` does not entail that the woman in question is actually intelligent .

Evidence that force evokes antecedent causality is found in the contrast between ( 160 ) and ( 161 ) : ( 160 ) The average consumer is becoming more sophisticated regarding product and advertising claims , partly because of widespread criticism of such assertions .
evidence that force evokes antecedent causality is found in the contrast between ( 160 ) and ( 161 ) : ( 160 ) the average consumer is becoming more sophisticated [about] product and advertising claims , partly because of widespread criticism of such assertions .

As pointed out above regarding the verbs of perception , nevertheless , the passive is by its very nature resultative .
as pointed out above [about] the verbs of perception , nevertheless , the passive is by its very nature resultative .

Of more immediate interest for this study is the fact that this way of regarding the infinitive throws new light on uses such as ( 1 ) discussed above .
of more immediate interest for this study is the fact that this way of [about] the infinitive throws new light on uses such as ( 1 ) discussed above .

Regarding this use , Jespersen observes that the bare infinitive occurs only in exclamations `` in which an idea is brushed aside as impossible by means of an ( exaggerated ) interrogative intonation … `` ( p. 328 ) .
[about] this use , jespersen observes that the bare infinitive occurs only in exclamations `` in which an idea is brushed aside as impossible by means of an ( exaggerated ) interrogative intonation … `` ( p. 328 ) .

This way of regarding the infinitive 's relation to person can be applied moreover to the uses already examined in Chapters Two and Three , where this form is related to another verb in the sentence and thus provides a coherent explanation covering all the uses of both versions of the infinitive by means of a single principle of analysis .
this way of [about] the infinitive 's relation to person can be applied moreover to the uses already examined in chapters two and three , where this form is related to another verb in the sentence and thus provides a coherent explanation covering all the uses of both versions of the infinitive by means of a single principle of analysis .

It is also important to note that these are quantitative measures of success within the higher education institutions , and other more qualitative measures regarding intellectual or personal development , or vocational preparation could also be used , and are clearly important in measuring the success of educational experiences .
it is also important to note that these are quantitative measures of success within the higher education institutions , and other more qualitative measures [about] intellectual or personal development , or vocational preparation could also be used , and are clearly important in measuring the success of educational experiences .

This would also raise important questions regarding the policies and practices of institutions with regard to : selecting students , and ensuring that the selection procedures are appropriate in identifying students with the potential for success ; ensuring that they are adequately prepared for their course of study , and providing assistance where necessary through appropriate pre-entry provision ; supporting students during the time that they are in the institution , including ensuring that approaches to teaching and learning are appropriate as well as providing the study skills and counselling support required .
this would also raise important questions [about] the policies and practices of institutions with regard to : selecting students , and ensuring that the selection procedures are appropriate in identifying students with the potential for success ; ensuring that they are adequately prepared for their course of study , and providing assistance where necessary through appropriate pre-entry provision ; supporting students during the time that they are in the institution , including ensuring that approaches to teaching and learning are appropriate as well as providing the study skills and counselling support required .

f Further research — While certain clear patterns have begun to emerge regarding the performance of students with non-traditional qualifications in higher education , there is a need for further research to investigate these issues , particularly in the Scottish context . Among the issues requiring further investigation are :
f further research — while certain clear patterns have begun to emerge [about] the performance of students with non-traditional qualifications in higher education , there is a need for further research to investigate these issues , particularly in the scottish context . among the issues requiring further investigation are :

This work demonstrates that there are considerable grounds for optimism regarding the performance of students with non-standard entry qualifications who have been prepared for higher education through special Access Courses .
this work demonstrates that there are considerable grounds for optimism [about] the performance of students with non-standard entry qualifications who have been prepared for higher education through special access courses .

They were regarding this as a special occasion .
they were [about] this as a special occasion .

It also precipitated changes of plan regarding the book 's scope .
it also precipitated changes of plan [about] the book 's scope .

Within a few days , however , anxiety had set in and he was confiding in Rohde his fear that a book that crossed so many conventional demarcation lines might deter all his prospective specialist readers : `` the philologists wo n't read it because of the music and the philology … `` ; and regarding the classical readership in particular , Rohde would know `` how offended the philologists are bound to be at anything not published by Teubner and without the paraphernalia of critical notes `` .
within a few days , however , anxiety had set in and he was confiding in rohde his fear that a book that crossed so many conventional demarcation lines might deter all his prospective specialist readers : `` the philologists wo n't read it because of the music and the philology … `` ; and [about] the classical readership in particular , rohde would know `` how offended the philologists are bound to be at anything not published by teubner and without the paraphernalia of critical notes `` .

This was rescinded however , and the miners willed to carry on , but on the 9th June 1599 , Cecil , still not satisfied with the position regarding these northern operations , urged Thomas , 10th Lord Scrope , at Carlisle , to have an investigation made into them .
this was rescinded however , and the miners willed to carry on , but on the 9th june 1599 , cecil , still not satisfied with the position [about] these northern operations , urged thomas , 10th lord scrope , at carlisle , to have an investigation made into them .

Quite a surprise regarding this name occurred at the end of the last war .
quite a surprise [about] this name occurred at the end of the last war .

Instead of regarding all confrontation situations as zero-sum games ( in which for one side to win the other must lose ) we could attempt to extract gains for both sides .
instead of [about] all confrontation situations as zero-sum games ( in which for one side to win the other must lose ) we could attempt to extract gains for both sides .

In practice this is just hopeful because many `` no `` decisions are made simply because there is need to make a decision ( regarding investment for example ) and insufficient information on which to base a `` yes `` decision .
in practice this is just hopeful because many `` no `` decisions are made simply because there is need to make a decision ( [about] investment for example ) and insufficient information on which to base a `` yes `` decision .

There is quite a difference in attitude between regarding the front-line units as the operating end of the organisation and regarding these units as service units for the rest of the organisation .
there is quite a difference in attitude between [about] the front-line units as the operating end of the organisation and [about] these units as service units for the rest of the organisation .

As with everything else we rarely design for trouble or failure because that would threaten our confidence regarding success .
as with everything else we rarely design for trouble or failure because that would threaten our confidence [about] success .

Damn Sir Edmund Pusey — he probably knew more about it than he had let on , regarding it as better for my soul or something to find out for myself .
damn sir edmund pusey — he probably knew more about it than he had let on , [about] it as better for my soul or something to find out for myself .

About this time a change in the Department of Trade regulations regarding the qualifications of ships ' officers was being introduced .
about this time a change in the department of trade regulations [about] the qualifications of ships ' officers was being introduced .

We must now take a closer look at definitions and measurements regarding the glass transition .
we must now take a closer look at definitions and measurements [about] the glass transition .

There are , however , even more important considerations to be made regarding the general constitutive relation .
there are , however , even more important considerations to be made [about] the general constitutive relation .

The theory makes important predictions regarding the change of chain configuration during deformation and relaxation and these are measurable by monitoring the radius of gyration tensor .
the theory makes important predictions [about] the change of chain configuration during deformation and relaxation and these are measurable by monitoring the radius of gyration tensor .

However , application of molecular biological techniques has recently uielded information regarding the molecular structure of these transport systems .
however , application of molecular biological techniques has recently uielded information [about] the molecular structure of these transport systems .

Data regarding diet , nutritional status , and drugs were also carefully recorded .
data [about] diet , nutritional status , and drugs were also carefully recorded .

No clinical data regarding the aetiology of superficial gastritis in these patients are given .
no clinical data [about] the aetiology of superficial gastritis in these patients are given .

Remembering always that it is far better to announce that you are the ‘ Co-operative Funeral Service ’ to a person who may seek information regarding a memorial , than to announce that you are the ‘ Co-operative Memorial Service ’ to a person who requires information regarding funeral arrangements .
remembering always that it is far better to announce that you are the ‘ co-operative funeral service ’ to a person who may seek information [about] a memorial , than to announce that you are the ‘ co-operative memorial service ’ to a person who requires information [about] funeral arrangements .

Information regarding variable ventilation efficacy and levels of formaldehyde and micro-organism concentrations were sought .
information [about] variable ventilation efficacy and levels of formaldehyde and micro-organism concentrations were sought .

These factors were investigated since there are conflicting data regarding the effects of smoking , stress , previous duodenal ulcer recurrence rate , and intake of NSAIDs on ulcer healing .
these factors were investigated since there are conflicting data [about] the effects of smoking , stress , previous duodenal ulcer recurrence rate , and intake of nsaids on ulcer healing .

Hence , the occurrence of food sensitivity in Crohn 's disease after elemental diet , its significance regarding the duration of remission achieved , and its value in the routine management of patients treated with elemental diet is uncertain .
hence , the occurrence of food sensitivity in crohn 's disease after elemental diet , its significance [about] the duration of remission achieved , and its value in the routine management of patients treated with elemental diet is uncertain .

Moreover , there are no data in healthy man regarding the contribution that the colonic mucosa makes to whole body protein synthesis .
moreover , there are no data in healthy man [about] the contribution that the colonic mucosa makes to whole body protein synthesis .

Conclusions regarding cyanocrylate are not yet available because of the limited experience at present .
conclusions [about] cyanocrylate are not yet available because of the limited experience at present .

Regarding the method of diagnosis , it is hard to imagine that the apparent effect is real .
[about] the method of diagnosis , it is hard to imagine that the apparent effect is real .

Secondly , regarding the CTTs , there had been negotiations which he hoped would prove constructive .
secondly , [about] the ctts , there had been negotiations which he hoped would prove constructive .

An appeal by the Chairman to chambers for extra pupillage places was undertaken during May after a questionnaire had been completed by all students of the Inns of Court School of Law regarding their pupillage position .
an appeal by the chairman to chambers for extra pupillage places was undertaken during may after a questionnaire had been completed by all students of the inns of court school of law [about] their pupillage position .

In the old days , when Margaret Thatcher was still a chemist , and John Major was John Major-Ball , most MPs and many Ministers stayed away from the Party conferences , regarding it as a necessary vulgarity , an annual opportunity for the spear-carriers and party bit-players to travel to a seaside resort out of season to spend a few days in the proximity of the great .
in the old days , when margaret thatcher was still a chemist , and john major was john major-ball , most mps and many ministers stayed away from the party conferences , [about] it as a necessary vulgarity , an annual opportunity for the spear-carriers and party bit-players to travel to a seaside resort out of season to spend a few days in the proximity of the great .

The foregoing conclusions regarding the inability of the professional participant in the stock market to consistently produce excess returns is at variance with some of the work on the performance of brokers ' advisory services .
the foregoing conclusions [about] the inability of the professional participant in the stock market to consistently produce excess returns is at variance with some of the work on the performance of brokers ' advisory services .

Regarding Part 1 of Table 6.11 they concluded , ‘ As can be seen , all factors are significantly greater than the chance level ( 5 % ) with particularly heavy weight on the first two .
[about] part 1 of table 6.11 they concluded , ‘ as can be seen , all factors are significantly greater than the chance level ( 5 % ) with particularly heavy weight on the first two .

The first part of this section will present some of the available evidence about the practice of paying dividends while the second part will present a discussion of the debate regarding their relevance in valuation .
the first part of this section will present some of the available evidence about the practice of paying dividends while the second part will present a discussion of the debate [about] their relevance in valuation .

There were considerable differences in the attitudes of staff regarding the value of the exercise .
there were considerable differences in the attitudes of staff [about] the value of the exercise .

From time to time he was instructed to raise money by conducting sales of wood from the king 's demesne , and he carried out the king 's policy regarding mining in the forest , which wavered between a desire to increase the Forest revenues and concern lest the vert be destroyed .
from time to time he was instructed to raise money by conducting sales of wood from the king 's demesne , and he carried out the king 's policy [about] mining in the forest , which wavered between a desire to increase the forest revenues and concern lest the vert be destroyed .

Only sworn foresters of the king were allowed to carry bows and arrows in the forest : woodwards , according to a fourteenth-century judgement of the Court of King 's Bench , ‘ ought … to carry an axe … in order to make presentments regarding the vert and the venison ’ .
only sworn foresters of the king were allowed to carry bows and arrows in the forest : woodwards , according to a fourteenth-century judgement of the court of king 's bench , ‘ ought … to carry an axe … in order to make presentments [about] the vert and the venison ’ .

The articles of the Provisions of Westminster , issued in October , show however that the barons were following a cautious policy regarding the forest .
the articles of the provisions of westminster , issued in october , show however that the barons were following a cautious policy [about] the forest .

Commissions of inquiry regarding the state of the forests and abuses of the Forest law were appointed , but never sat , probably owing to the disintegration of the party of reform early in the next year .
commissions of inquiry [about] the state of the forests and abuses of the forest law were appointed , but never sat , probably owing to the disintegration of the party of reform early in the next year .

The ‘ Articles concerning the Charters ’ ordained that they were to be observed in full , including those regarding disafforestment , and read out in every county court four times a year .
the ‘ articles concerning the charters ’ ordained that they were to be observed in full , including those [about] disafforestment , and read out in every county court four times a year .

He was at Pickering castle from 8 to 22 August 1323 : an inquiry was held regarding venison trespasses in Pickering Forest since that forest had been forfeited to the Crown by the treason of the Earl of Lancaster ' .
he was at pickering castle from 8 to 22 august 1323 : an inquiry was held [about] venison trespasses in pickering forest since that forest had been forfeited to the crown by the treason of the earl of lancaster ' .

Queen Isabella and Mortimer sought to gain popular support by a conciliatory policy regarding the forest .
queen isabella and mortimer sought to gain popular support by a conciliatory policy [about] the forest .

In the month of May 1372 John of Foxley , the Justice of the southern forests , and his deputy held ten consecutive sessions in the counties of Hampshire , Wiltshire , Worcestershire , Staffordshire and Northamptonshire , and heard presentments regarding fifteen forests .
in the month of may 1372 john of foxley , the justice of the southern forests , and his deputy held ten consecutive sessions in the counties of hampshire , wiltshire , worcestershire , staffordshire and northamptonshire , and heard presentments [about] fifteen forests .

The Scots had compensated for the lack of indigenous wealth by developing a tradition , over the previous century and a half , of regarding themselves as far more powerful , more important , more interesting than their remote geographic position and comparative poverty actually entitled them to be .
the scots had compensated for the lack of indigenous wealth by developing a tradition , over the previous century and a half , of [about] themselves as far more powerful , more important , more interesting than their remote geographic position and comparative poverty actually entitled them to be .

As we have seen , attitudes had been changing regarding the corporate nature of chapel life and of the individual Christian 's duty concerning social ills .
as we have seen , attitudes had been changing [about] the corporate nature of chapel life and of the individual christian 's duty concerning social ills .

Biff marked off their names in a ledger , made rapid mental calculations regarding fines incurred and instructed Ma Bombie to hand out whatever was left , which in most cases was not much .
biff marked off their names in a ledger , made rapid mental calculations [about] fines incurred and instructed ma bombie to hand out whatever was left , which in most cases was not much .

Positive form can be introduced into any polygon or polyhedron by regarding it as a closed skin subjected to internal expansion .
positive form can be introduced into any polygon or polyhedron by [about] it as a closed skin subjected to internal expansion .

But , despite these uncertainties , there is a general consistency in the figures arrived at from these ( and some other ) sources which justify us in regarding the average output per die as in the low tens of thousands , and a figure of about 30,000 seems a good working hypothesis .
but , despite these uncertainties , there is a general consistency in the figures arrived at from these ( and some other ) sources which justify us in [about] the average output per die as in the low tens of thousands , and a figure of about 30,000 seems a good working hypothesis .

He hints that it would be wrong to ‘ persist in regarding knowledge as the certain and evident cognition of a thing , obtained through an acquaintance with its necessary cause , or by a proof ’ , for then ‘ knowledge through experience or appearances would not merit the name of knowledge ’ .
he hints that it would be wrong to ‘ persist in [about] knowledge as the certain and evident cognition of a thing , obtained through an acquaintance with its necessary cause , or by a proof ’ , for then ‘ knowledge through experience or appearances would not merit the name of knowledge ’ .

Regarding himself , one fact emerged , in a roundabout way and with a purpose .
[about] himself , one fact emerged , in a roundabout way and with a purpose .

The Elsworth stable had good news regarding Barnbrook Again , who worked with all his old zest yesterday and will run in the North Street Chase at Newbury on Saturday .
the elsworth stable had good news [about] barnbrook again , who worked with all his old zest yesterday and will run in the north street chase at newbury on saturday .

The Soviet world of culture is not alone in regarding Ashkenazy as an immensely welcome guest .
the soviet world of culture is not alone in [about] ashkenazy as an immensely welcome guest .

However , it does n't matter who you are , for if you have an ounce of history in your soul you can not help regarding the Masters as something special .
however , it does n't matter who you are , for if you have an ounce of history in your soul you can not help [about] the masters as something special .

This analysis occurs annually regarding the nature of the course , the key holes and the previous dramas .
this analysis occurs annually [about] the nature of the course , the key holes and the previous dramas .

Prices , as well as further enquiries regarding the education scheme can be obtained by contacting the general office .
prices , as well as further enquiries [about] the education scheme can be obtained by contacting the general office .

Regarding sea freight , the company represents the Royal Dutch Nedlloyd Group offering services to the Middle East , North and South America , the Caribbean and Australia .
[about] sea freight , the company represents the royal dutch nedlloyd group offering services to the middle east , north and south america , the caribbean and australia .

The senior management of the school had made two broad policy decisions regarding the distribution of resources .
the senior management of the school had made two broad policy decisions [about] the distribution of resources .

There has been much debate recently regarding the quality of meat used in pre-cooked meals , convenience foods and in the fast service restaurant industry .
there has been much debate recently [about] the quality of meat used in pre-cooked meals , convenience foods and in the fast service restaurant industry .

This referred to Barvas , and has some bearing upon recent papers regarding the ‘ spread ’ of Petasites hybridus over the machair ( Currie , 1977 , Naylor & Cumming , 1892 ) .
this referred to barvas , and has some bearing upon recent papers [about] the ‘ spread ’ of petasites hybridus over the machair ( currie , 1977 , naylor & cumming , 1892 ) .

The supply of water to the clubhouse was also discussed and enquiries were put in hand regarding the sinking of a well .
the supply of water to the clubhouse was also discussed and enquiries were put in hand [about] the sinking of a well .

The cybernetic approach is tailored to make sense of statements regarding body — mind interaction and to increase our understanding of both terms .
the cybernetic approach is tailored to make sense of statements [about] body — mind interaction and to increase our understanding of both terms .

The Ombudsman independently considers unresolved complaints from individuals regarding Personal Insurances such as Home Risks , Motor , Personal Accident & Sickness , and Travel .
the ombudsman independently considers unresolved complaints from individuals [about] personal insurances such as home risks , motor , personal accident & sickness , and travel .

However , we will expect you to fund a proportion of the cost of the project from your own resources ; if you need advice regarding the amount of your own contribution , your local NatWest branch will be pleased to discuss this with you .
however , we will expect you to fund a proportion of the cost of the project from your own resources ; if you need advice [about] the amount of your own contribution , your local natwest branch will be pleased to discuss this with you .

All statements regarding taxation are based on Clerical Medical 's understanding of current law .
all statements [about] taxation are based on clerical medical 's understanding of current law .

All statements regarding taxation are based on Clerical Medical 's understanding of current law .
all statements [about] taxation are based on clerical medical 's understanding of current law .

Far from regarding a tight budget as a restriction on their decorating , Tim and Patsy see it as a positive advantage .
far from [about] a tight budget as a restriction on their decorating , tim and patsy see it as a positive advantage .

Information regarding the ownership of churches belonging to the various non-conformist sects can be obtained either from the General Secretary of the Free Church Federal Council or from the appropriate denominational headquarters .
information [about] the ownership of churches belonging to the various non-conformist sects can be obtained either from the general secretary of the free church federal council or from the appropriate denominational headquarters .

Ericson notes how the patrol police he studied in Canada considered the following situations to be abnormal : individuals considered to be out of place ; individuals in places of special significance ; particular types of people regardless of place ; and unusual circumstances regarding property ( Ericson 1982 : 86 ) .
ericson notes how the patrol police he studied in canada considered the following situations to be abnormal : individuals considered to be out of place ; individuals in places of special significance ; particular types of people regardless of place ; and unusual circumstances [about] property ( ericson 1982 : 86 ) .

‘ … is would be helpful if the Listing Division of the Department of the Environment could revise their own guidelines in order that certain pubs could receive more protection as an integral whole . Also , if there was any way of legally protecting historic furnishings , this could be recommended … Perhaps some consideration might be additionally given to the current situation regarding the lack of protection for the current situation regarding the lack of protection for the interiors of unlisted buildings within conservation areas … ’
‘ … is would be helpful if the listing division of the department of the environment could revise their own guidelines in order that certain pubs could receive more protection as an integral whole . also , if there was any way of legally protecting historic furnishings , this could be recommended … perhaps some consideration might be additionally given to the current situation [about] the lack of protection for the current situation [about] the lack of protection for the interiors of unlisted buildings within conservation areas … ’

He spends a lot of time saying why this way of regarding syntactic mental states does not encounter the problem of the holism of the mental .
he spends a lot of time saying why this way of [about] syntactic mental states does not encounter the problem of the holism of the mental .

Scott made no secret of Leonard 's ambiguities regarding law , and he sought to ease him into a position nearer to his own , of both lawyer and poet .
scott made no secret of leonard 's ambiguities [about] law , and he sought to ease him into a position nearer to his own , of both lawyer and poet .

The wave of interest in the rediscovery of Celtic music is particularly important , and not merely because of the Celtic-Scottish influence on Leonard 's family ( an aspect that the Montreal Gazette highlighted regarding Lyon Cohen 's Gaelic accent recently ) and American eclecticism — often little more than a slavish following of European forms — which found itself in the development of ‘ pop ’ music , notably of ragtime around 1900 and jazz around 1918 .
the wave of interest in the rediscovery of celtic music is particularly important , and not merely because of the celtic-scottish influence on leonard 's family ( an aspect that the montreal gazette highlighted [about] lyon cohen 's gaelic accent recently ) and american eclecticism — often little more than a slavish following of european forms — which found itself in the development of ‘ pop ’ music , notably of ragtime around 1900 and jazz around 1918 .

In practical terms this means that although letter-writing to governments regarding prisoners continues to be the cornerstone of the campaign work other methods have been introduced to enhance the effectiveness of the hundreds of thousands of letters that Amnesty members write each year .
in practical terms this means that although letter-writing to governments [about] prisoners continues to be the cornerstone of the campaign work other methods have been introduced to enhance the effectiveness of the hundreds of thousands of letters that amnesty members write each year .

Historically it has homed in on sociology as the generic symbol of reformatory zealousness , regarding its practitioners almost as ‘ folk devils ’ or bogeymen .
historically it has homed in on sociology as the generic symbol of reformatory zealousness , [about] its practitioners almost as ‘ folk devils ’ or bogeymen .

Regarding training , the document said that food business operators must ensure that food handlers are fully trained or supervised commensurate with their work activity .
[about] training , the document said that food business operators must ensure that food handlers are fully trained or supervised commensurate with their work activity .

Therefore , you are bound to feel thwarted , frustrated as well as exhausted at the moment — quite unable to get your point or message across and still in two minds regarding certain plans and moves .
therefore , you are bound to feel thwarted , frustrated as well as exhausted at the moment — quite unable to get your point or message across and still in two minds [about] certain plans and moves .

Not so long ago , if any such points of ambiguity arose regarding one 's duties , one had the comfort of knowing that before long some fellow professional whose opinion one respected would be accompanying their employer to the house , and there would be ample opportunity to discuss the matter .
not so long ago , if any such points of ambiguity arose [about] one 's duties , one had the comfort of knowing that before long some fellow professional whose opinion one respected would be accompanying their employer to the house , and there would be ample opportunity to discuss the matter .

Back at the desert base , David Stirling had earlier been busy on the radio , signalling the deputy director of operations on 10 July regarding jeeps .
back at the desert base , david stirling had earlier been busy on the radio , signalling the deputy director of operations on 10 july [about] jeeps .

The signal is dated 1 August 1942 and states that a stream of messages had been coming in from Stirling in the desert regarding the shipment of supplies by Bombays for delivery on 4 August .
the signal is dated 1 august 1942 and states that a stream of messages had been coming in from stirling in the desert [about] the shipment of supplies by bombays for delivery on 4 august .

General McCreery , Alexander 's Chief of Staff , wrote to his superior in late September regarding the future of special units in the Middle East .
general mccreery , alexander 's chief of staff , wrote to his superior in late september [about] the future of special units in the middle east .

As the World Bank noted in its debt tables released this week : ‘ The large foreign debt burden , in conjunction with domestic fiscal crises , continues to feed uncertainties regarding long-term investment and represents a drain on resources . ’
as the world bank noted in its debt tables released this week : ‘ the large foreign debt burden , in conjunction with domestic fiscal crises , continues to feed uncertainties [about] long-term investment and represents a drain on resources . ’

In short , our status as Independent Financial Advisors means we must always give you the best possible advice regarding your options in the financial marketplace .
in short , our status as independent financial advisors means we must always give you the best possible advice [about] your options in the financial marketplace .

It may well become obvious that more can be gained from tiny hooks and tiny fish than using more orthodox tackle and regarding undersize fish as as nuisance .
it may well become obvious that more can be gained from tiny hooks and tiny fish than using more orthodox tackle and [about] undersize fish as as nuisance .

Ramsey said that the name of Billy Graham was linked with fundamentalism ; and that fundamentalism was the error of regarding the Bible as so divine that the human element disappeared .
ramsey said that the name of billy graham was linked with fundamentalism ; and that fundamentalism was the error of [about] the bible as so divine that the human element disappeared .

Ellen Ross 's work has shown that among working-class Edwardians the marriage contract entailed a precise understanding of duties and obligations regarding maintenance ( on the part of the husband ) and household management ( on the part of the wife ) , but little by way of intimacy or romantic love .
ellen ross 's work has shown that among working-class edwardians the marriage contract entailed a precise understanding of duties and obligations [about] maintenance ( on the part of the husband ) and household management ( on the part of the wife ) , but little by way of intimacy or romantic love .

Not realising the long-term strategy behind the offer , Haslam turned it down , regarding it as an inferior job for someone with his mining engineering skills .
not realising the long-term strategy behind the offer , haslam turned it down , [about] it as an inferior job for someone with his mining engineering skills .

It is important that they should know about changes in Department of Social Services benefits , how other Service charities and voluntary agencies work , how to help people to cope with bereavement , the steps to take regarding the increasing problems of debt , and how to meet the special needs of the elderly .
it is important that they should know about changes in department of social services benefits , how other service charities and voluntary agencies work , how to help people to cope with bereavement , the steps to take [about] the increasing problems of debt , and how to meet the special needs of the elderly .

Durkheim commented on the difficulty of regarding ‘ an enlightened Catholic of to-day as a sort of retarded savage ’ , but he provided the reminder that ‘ the most primitive religions are not the only ones which have attributed this power of propagation to the sacred character ’ .
durkheim commented on the difficulty of [about] ‘ an enlightened catholic of to-day as a sort of retarded savage ’ , but he provided the reminder that ‘ the most primitive religions are not the only ones which have attributed this power of propagation to the sacred character ’ .

It is difficult to imagine that there will be a return to the status quo ante regarding the closed shop , trade union immunities and pre-strike ballots , the right of council house tenants to buy their own homes ( over a million former council tenants have made such purchases ) , and the position of former nationalized industries .
it is difficult to imagine that there will be a return to the status quo ante [about] the closed shop , trade union immunities and pre-strike ballots , the right of council house tenants to buy their own homes ( over a million former council tenants have made such purchases ) , and the position of former nationalized industries .

Regarding Difference
[about] difference

There was some cheerful news from Miller regarding the plant named Bartramia about to flower in Chelsea 's stove .
there was some cheerful news from miller [about] the plant named bartramia about to flower in chelsea 's stove .

He commended the author for his exact instructions regarding the building of greenhouses and stoves , each of which was illustrated to show improvements he had made in these aspects of horticulture .
he commended the author for his exact instructions [about] the building of greenhouses and stoves , each of which was illustrated to show improvements he had made in these aspects of horticulture .

The perceived wisdom of the tribe varies regarding rural education as in other areas .
the perceived wisdom of the tribe varies [about] rural education as in other areas .

Whilst they were waiting to see the magistrate , Richard Baxter spoke kindly to Mr. Keting regarding the needs of his soul , which , ‘ his conscience did not well digest ’ .
whilst they were waiting to see the magistrate , richard baxter spoke kindly to mr. keting [about] the needs of his soul , which , ‘ his conscience did not well digest ’ .

The training programmes that were available were arranged by government departments and took various forms : basic courses over nine or ten evenings ; one-day conferences on government information regarding grants , subsidies , etc .
the training programmes that were available were arranged by government departments and took various forms : basic courses over nine or ten evenings ; one-day conferences on government information [about] grants , subsidies , etc .

Regarding attitudes , participants were invited to rank from strongly agree ( five points ) to strongly disagree ( one point ) their level of agreement with statements such as ‘ To enjoy yourself , it is necessary to have something to drink ’ and ‘ If you limit the amount you drink , it spoils your enjoyment ’ .
[about] attitudes , participants were invited to rank from strongly agree ( five points ) to strongly disagree ( one point ) their level of agreement with statements such as ‘ to enjoy yourself , it is necessary to have something to drink ’ and ‘ if you limit the amount you drink , it spoils your enjoyment ’ .

Regarding behaviour , participants were asked to indicate from always ( five points ) to never ( one point ) the frequency of instances occurring where , for example , they got drunk even when they did not intend to ; their drinking left them short of cash ; they drank to help themselves deal with a crisis ; and they missed meals because they wanted to drink instead .
[about] behaviour , participants were asked to indicate from always ( five points ) to never ( one point ) the frequency of instances occurring where , for example , they got drunk even when they did not intend to ; their drinking left them short of cash ; they drank to help themselves deal with a crisis ; and they missed meals because they wanted to drink instead .

The team approach , in modified form , using case managers to co-ordinate team efforts , has received strong support in the recent Griffiths Report ( 1988 ) and subsequent White Paper ( 1990 ) in their recommendations regarding care for people within the community .
the team approach , in modified form , using case managers to co-ordinate team efforts , has received strong support in the recent griffiths report ( 1988 ) and subsequent white paper ( 1990 ) in their recommendations [about] care for people within the community .

In addition , sections 36–40 detail principles of good social work practice like client participation in decisions and long-term planning to underline the professional orientation of the Act and to prevent clients from regarding themselves as victims of bureaucratic decisions ( Habermann and Tries , 1990 ) .
in addition , sections 36–40 detail principles of good social work practice like client participation in decisions and long-term planning to underline the professional orientation of the act and to prevent clients from [about] themselves as victims of bureaucratic decisions ( habermann and tries , 1990 ) .

Parker ( 1980 ) associates primary prevention with efforts to prevent problems from ever arising which begs questions regarding the nature of the problems under review .
parker ( 1980 ) associates primary prevention with efforts to prevent problems from ever arising which begs questions [about] the nature of the problems under review .

There are conflicting theories regarding the methods of combat used by the Franks at the time of Charlemagne .
there are conflicting theories [about] the methods of combat used by the franks at the time of charlemagne .

Nails paused in the gateway , regarding the scene .
nails paused in the gateway , [about] the scene .

His complete ignorance regarding horses , except how to ride them , came home to him as he sensed there was something wrong .
his complete ignorance [about] horses , except how to ride them , came home to him as he sensed there was something wrong .

This week , he put a good case for regarding Alec Douglas-Home , Lord Home of the Hirsel , as one of the most under-rated comedians of the last 30 years .
this week , he put a good case for [about] alec douglas-home , lord home of the hirsel , as one of the most under-rated comedians of the last 30 years .

If so , this would suggest a social preference for regarding killings of these kinds as among the worst because of the circumstances in which they occur , rather than because of the defendant 's awareness of the possible consequences .
if so , this would suggest a social preference for [about] killings of these kinds as among the worst because of the circumstances in which they occur , rather than because of the defendant 's awareness of the possible consequences .

There is surely a strong social argument for regarding those who kill by using excessive force on an occasion which justifies the use of some force as less culpable than the ordinary run of murderers .
there is surely a strong social argument for [about] those who kill by using excessive force on an occasion which justifies the use of some force as less culpable than the ordinary run of murderers .

The legal problems are similar to those in the cases of mistake and deception : are all threats serious enough to justify regarding the crime as a rape , or should some threats be accommodated within a lesser offence ?
the legal problems are similar to those in the cases of mistake and deception : are all threats serious enough to justify [about] the crime as a rape , or should some threats be accommodated within a lesser offence ?

It is not suggested that each offence should be ranked according to the seriousness of its after-effects on the particular victim — although there is an argument for assuming that young victims will be particularly damaged by unwanted sexual experiences , and therefore for regarding such offences as more serious .
it is not suggested that each offence should be ranked according to the seriousness of its after-effects on the particular victim — although there is an argument for assuming that young victims will be particularly damaged by unwanted sexual experiences , and therefore for [about] such offences as more serious .

Regarding the strikes , disputes and restrictive practices which had plagued the Dublin plant , these were all unfortunate legacies of the British system which had been foisted upon the Irish since before the First World War .
[about] the strikes , disputes and restrictive practices which had plagued the dublin plant , these were all unfortunate legacies of the british system which had been foisted upon the irish since before the first world war .

For example , the tens of thousands of cuneiform tablets found at Kanesh ( modern Kültepe in Turkey ) are largely monetary accounts ( lists of goods transported and letters regarding merchandise ) .
for example , the tens of thousands of cuneiform tablets found at kanesh ( modern kültepe in turkey ) are largely monetary accounts ( lists of goods transported and letters [about] merchandise ) .

As a clue to that significance we might first recall the way in which the laws regarding menstruation and childbirth and this new circumcision appeared at the same time in the history of the Jewish people , and remember what was earlier said about the nature — culture dichotomy and the need of culture to control or impose itself upon what it deems to be nature .
as a clue to that significance we might first recall the way in which the laws [about] menstruation and childbirth and this new circumcision appeared at the same time in the history of the jewish people , and remember what was earlier said about the nature — culture dichotomy and the need of culture to control or impose itself upon what it deems to be nature .

As we have seen , differences were made regarding the value of male sacrifices as opposed to female ones , the latter only being offered on less important or non-community based occasions .
as we have seen , differences were made [about] the value of male sacrifices as opposed to female ones , the latter only being offered on less important or non-community based occasions .

This , as we have seen , is precisely what happened with the exile and in the Levitical legislation regarding ritual pollution .
this , as we have seen , is precisely what happened with the exile and in the levitical legislation [about] ritual pollution .

This attitude contains a basic paradox in regarding woman as both sacred and evil .
this attitude contains a basic paradox in [about] woman as both sacred and evil .

Here he says that of all cases of hypertrophy of the external genitalia in women , physicians are most frequently consulted regarding the nymphae ( the inner labia ) and the clitoris , and that the causes of this condition , though not well understood , might be due to ‘ masturbation , excessive venery , or even the rubbing incident to a pruritis ’ .
here he says that of all cases of hypertrophy of the external genitalia in women , physicians are most frequently consulted [about] the nymphae ( the inner labia ) and the clitoris , and that the causes of this condition , though not well understood , might be due to ‘ masturbation , excessive venery , or even the rubbing incident to a pruritis ’ .

The debate regarding ovulation , therefore , resonated within an episteme that came to regard the female as a passive , potentially dangerous source of raw passion .
the debate [about] ovulation , therefore , resonated within an episteme that came to regard the female as a passive , potentially dangerous source of raw passion .

For example , regarding prostitutes , the most crucially sexualized women of the time , questions were asked concerning the size of their genitalia , and various medical projects were embarked upon to prove that an enlarged clitoris was a sign of a tendency to prostitution ( in the same way that phrenologists were measuring criminals ' heads ) .
for example , [about] prostitutes , the most crucially sexualized women of the time , questions were asked concerning the size of their genitalia , and various medical projects were embarked upon to prove that an enlarged clitoris was a sign of a tendency to prostitution ( in the same way that phrenologists were measuring criminals ' heads ) .

The Jewish law regarding sexual relations is not at all related to the Christian concept of sex being sin , or to women being sinful in some way .
the jewish law [about] sexual relations is not at all related to the christian concept of sex being sin , or to women being sinful in some way .

There is interest amongst spinners regarding the long galleries .
there is interest amongst spinners [about] the long galleries .

There is a tradition at Borwick regarding the gallery , that in the days when there was anxiety over Border raids and the beacons were prepared ready for alarm , the women drove the cattle from the fields to the courtyard , which at that time was grassed , and the barmkin ( a grassy enclosure ) , and then stationed themselves on the gallery to spin and watch .
there is a tradition at borwick [about] the gallery , that in the days when there was anxiety over border raids and the beacons were prepared ready for alarm , the women drove the cattle from the fields to the courtyard , which at that time was grassed , and the barmkin ( a grassy enclosure ) , and then stationed themselves on the gallery to spin and watch .

This can not be done from behind a desk as it requires direct observation of the operation , sometimes for an extended period , to find out what is actually done on site as well as what should be done . Details should be taken regarding all equipment and areas under four headings :
this can not be done from behind a desk as it requires direct observation of the operation , sometimes for an extended period , to find out what is actually done on site as well as what should be done . details should be taken [about] all equipment and areas under four headings :

It is interesting to note the oblique thrust of the Director-General 's comments in the same issue of the Journal regarding ‘ eloquent ’ speeches .
it is interesting to note the oblique thrust of the director-general 's comments in the same issue of the journal [about] ‘ eloquent ’ speeches .

The interesting question is whether the reform to regulations regarding fee structures in 1982 and , to a lesser extent , the greater freedom architects enjoyed from about this time to practice in a less restrictive manner have influenced the pattern of events .
the interesting question is whether the reform to regulations [about] fee structures in 1982 and , to a lesser extent , the greater freedom architects enjoyed from about this time to practice in a less restrictive manner have influenced the pattern of events .

Relaxation of the rules regarding the form of business organisation through which architects in private practice are able to offer their services may bring about structural change in terms of type of organisation and also size of practice .
relaxation of the rules [about] the form of business organisation through which architects in private practice are able to offer their services may bring about structural change in terms of type of organisation and also size of practice .

Simon Murison-Bowie has asked me to write to you to let you know the current situation regarding the Wonderworld artwork .
simon murison-bowie has asked me to write to you to let you know the current situation [about] the wonderworld artwork .

Thank you for your fax of 7 June regarding our filming of the dinosaur exhibition at the British Museum , and requesting agreement to your addendum to the letter we faxed you on 7 June .
thank you for your fax of 7 june [about] our filming of the dinosaur exhibition at the british museum , and requesting agreement to your addendum to the letter we faxed you on 7 june .

Thanks for your fax of 13 June regarding approval for us to use Dire Straits ' ‘ Walk of Life ’ for our Project Video programme .
thanks for your fax of 13 june [about] approval for us to use dire straits ' ‘ walk of life ’ for our project video programme .

On his return at the beginning of July , he will be able to get in touch with you regarding the final video edit .
on his return at the beginning of july , he will be able to get in touch with you [about] the final video edit .

In practice , the rules regarding the treatment of incidents of serious disorder remain largely untested , as there were few such occasions during the experiment .
in practice , the rules [about] the treatment of incidents of serious disorder remain largely untested , as there were few such occasions during the experiment .

‘ The Bristol sector controller neither complied with the co-pilot 's specific request for radar navigational assistance , nor did he advise the flight of its position or give any relevant information regarding Southampton , such as current weather , runway in use , pressure settings etc .
‘ the bristol sector controller neither complied with the co-pilot 's specific request for radar navigational assistance , nor did he advise the flight of its position or give any relevant information [about] southampton , such as current weather , runway in use , pressure settings etc .

Discussing the matter with me , Dave ( my nephew ) put forward his convictions regarding the bolt and sought my feelings .
discussing the matter with me , dave ( my nephew ) put forward his convictions [about] the bolt and sought my feelings .

The head of the Bonn Chancellery , Rudolf Seiters , said the West German government had made it clear that it could not make any concessions regarding its embassies in other countries and that no East German would be turned away from any West German mission abroad .
the head of the bonn chancellery , rudolf seiters , said the west german government had made it clear that it could not make any concessions [about] its embassies in other countries and that no east german would be turned away from any west german mission abroad .

First , that he allowed Framework Management Ltd to go into liquidation admitting it owed £21,000 to Higgins ( who claimed he was owed £51,000 ) ; and , second , that he had caused to be issued in 1988 ‘ a press release regarding a tournament to be held in Peking stating , and telling Mr Higgins in order to induce him to take part in the tournament , that the first prize was £35,000 when in fact it was not ’ .
first , that he allowed framework management ltd to go into liquidation admitting it owed £21,000 to higgins ( who claimed he was owed £51,000 ) ; and , second , that he had caused to be issued in 1988 ‘ a press release [about] a tournament to be held in peking stating , and telling mr higgins in order to induce him to take part in the tournament , that the first prize was £35,000 when in fact it was not ’ .

details of how the school organises the teaching of children of different ages and abilities , together or in separate groups ( either generally or in particular subjects ) and requirements regarding homework ;
details of how the school organises the teaching of children of different ages and abilities , together or in separate groups ( either generally or in particular subjects ) and requirements [about] homework ;

He clicked the intercom again and said , ‘ Miss Bassett , all calls regarding the Briant project are to he switched to me from here on in .
he clicked the intercom again and said , ‘ miss bassett , all calls [about] the briant project are to he switched to me from here on in .

There were , however , no precise indications as to the number and frequency of repetitions ; indeed , we find that he changed his mind again and again regarding the potency and repetition of the remedy .
there were , however , no precise indications as to the number and frequency of repetitions ; indeed , we find that he changed his mind again and again [about] the potency and repetition of the remedy .

Since April 1983 , when the Education Act 1981 was introduced , LEAs have had important responsibilities regarding the identification and assessment of children with special educational needs and the provision of suitable education for such children .
since april 1983 , when the education act 1981 was introduced , leas have had important responsibilities [about] the identification and assessment of children with special educational needs and the provision of suitable education for such children .

Whereas the view of mid-century literature as preromantic was effectively demolished by Northrop Frye there is a danger now of regarding women writers as pilgrims on the way to modern feminism , or at least to some recognizable place in the history of women 's writing .
whereas the view of mid-century literature as preromantic was effectively demolished by northrop frye there is a danger now of [about] women writers as pilgrims on the way to modern feminism , or at least to some recognizable place in the history of women 's writing .

Any consideration of domestic service in the eighteenth century must avoid the danger of regarding servants as one class opposed to masters as a separate and higher class .
any consideration of domestic service in the eighteenth century must avoid the danger of [about] servants as one class opposed to masters as a separate and higher class .

We have some hopeful news regarding the training of a new ante-natal teacher for our area .
we have some hopeful news [about] the training of a new ante-natal teacher for our area .

The godparent may have a ritual role to the child , such as participating in his wedding ceremony , and taking on certain responsibilities regarding his religious education , but the relationship that is strongest and requires respect , warmth and the obligation to help at all times , is the one between parents and godparents .
the godparent may have a ritual role to the child , such as participating in his wedding ceremony , and taking on certain responsibilities [about] his religious education , but the relationship that is strongest and requires respect , warmth and the obligation to help at all times , is the one between parents and godparents .

The minimalist interpretation is too weak since it assumes that people are never bound by authority regarding issues on which they have firm views .
the minimalist interpretation is too weak since it assumes that people are never bound by authority [about] issues on which they have firm views .

What is wrong with regarding an authoritative directive as one additional prima facie reason for the action it directs , which supplements , rather than supplants , the other reasons for and against that action ?
what is wrong with [about] an authoritative directive as one additional prima facie reason for the action it directs , which supplements , rather than supplants , the other reasons for and against that action ?

’ , or should one ask a separate question regarding its authority in matters of taxation , or perhaps one should inquire separately concerning its authority in matters of corporate taxation and personal taxation ?
’ , or should one ask a separate question [about] its authority in matters of taxation , or perhaps one should inquire separately concerning its authority in matters of corporate taxation and personal taxation ?

But regarding every person there are several such areas .
but [about] every person there are several such areas .

He may have no reason to acknowledge the authority of the government over him regarding the road worthiness of his car .
he may have no reason to acknowledge the authority of the government over him [about] the road worthiness of his car .

He may have no reason to acknowledge the government 's authority over him regarding the conditions under which parents may leave their children unattended by adults .
he may have no reason to acknowledge the government 's authority over him [about] the conditions under which parents may leave their children unattended by adults .

Even so it may be that regarding each individual , he is less likely successfully to follow right reasons which apply to him anyway if left to himself than if he always obeys the directives of a just government including those which are morally reprehensible .
even so it may be that [about] each individual , he is less likely successfully to follow right reasons which apply to him anyway if left to himself than if he always obeys the directives of a just government including those which are morally reprehensible .

In many societies , the convention regarding consent assumes formalized and ritualistic forms , as with the requirements to give such formal consent upon assuming an important public office or when naturalizing .
in many societies , the convention [about] consent assumes formalized and ritualistic forms , as with the requirements to give such formal consent upon assuming an important public office or when naturalizing .

Considerations of this kind would lead to a good deal of common authority , that is they would legitimate the authority of a government over all its subjects regarding a certain range of issues .
considerations of this kind would lead to a good deal of common authority , that is they would legitimate the authority of a government over all its subjects [about] a certain range of issues .

Beyond that it will have authority regarding other issues which is based on other considerations , such as superior expertise , economy of effort , immunity from temptations and blackmail .
beyond that it will have authority [about] other issues which is based on other considerations , such as superior expertise , economy of effort , immunity from temptations and blackmail .

One person may wish to dedicate more of his time to other pursuits and therefore accept the authority of a reasonably just and competent government over a whole range of issues regarding which another may prefer to decide for himself , and be willing to invest the time and effort it takes to enable himself to decide wisely .
one person may wish to dedicate more of his time to other pursuits and therefore accept the authority of a reasonably just and competent government over a whole range of issues [about] which another may prefer to decide for himself , and be willing to invest the time and effort it takes to enable himself to decide wisely .

We concluded that it is legitimate to various degrees regarding different people .
we concluded that it is legitimate to various degrees [about] different people .

Government action should be neutral regarding ideals of the good life .
government action should be neutral [about] ideals of the good life .

Many readers may join Nozick in regarding this as a reductio ad absurdum of the second and third principles stated above .
many readers may join nozick in [about] this as a reductio ad absurdum of the second and third principles stated above .

( p. 9 ) The individualistic bias that Rawls is accused of by Nagel is not that he rules out such conceptions but that he is not neutral regarding them because he makes their successful pursuit more difficult than that of individualistic conceptions of the good .
( p. 9 ) the individualistic bias that rawls is accused of by nagel is not that he rules out such conceptions but that he is not neutral [about] them because he makes their successful pursuit more difficult than that of individualistic conceptions of the good .

Neutrality is neutrality between parties in relation to some issue regarding which the success of one sets the other back .
neutrality is neutrality between parties in relation to some issue [about] which the success of one sets the other back .

Narrow neutrality consists in helping or hindering them to an equal degree in those activities and regarding those resources that they would wish neither to engage in nor to acquire but for the conflict .
narrow neutrality consists in helping or hindering them to an equal degree in those activities and [about] those resources that they would wish neither to engage in nor to acquire but for the conflict .

In this way , the legal view of insanity really becomes a view regarding whether someone should be held responsible .
in this way , the legal view of insanity really becomes a view [about] whether someone should be held responsible .

So , the wheel turns full circle , and the question is again asked , if there is a medical view regarding the determination of sex , what arguments exist for having a legal concept which coexists , but is not coextensive ?
so , the wheel turns full circle , and the question is again asked , if there is a medical view [about] the determination of sex , what arguments exist for having a legal concept which coexists , but is not coextensive ?

Fourth , if , having acted according to these principles , he were subsequently challenged regarding the lawfulness of his conduct , the doctor would have the benefit of the defence of necessity if he had intervened , but if he had not intervened , he would not thereby be in breach of his duty to his patient .
fourth , if , having acted according to these principles , he were subsequently challenged [about] the lawfulness of his conduct , the doctor would have the benefit of the defence of necessity if he had intervened , but if he had not intervened , he would not thereby be in breach of his duty to his patient .

They will make certain that the report is hedged with disclaimers about possible hidden defects , whether they be under carpets , under floorboards , behind wardrobes , below ground ( which includes drains , mains services and foundations ) , and disclaimers regarding electrical and plumbing services , boilers , decorations and boundaries .
they will make certain that the report is hedged with disclaimers about possible hidden defects , whether they be under carpets , under floorboards , behind wardrobes , below ground ( which includes drains , mains services and foundations ) , and disclaimers [about] electrical and plumbing services , boilers , decorations and boundaries .

Before finishing each room , just spend a minute thinking about your furniture and how it will fit in . Are there any snags regarding wall space , radiators , electric sockets , lighting , windows ? Are the windows safe for children ? Are the room heights greater than 7ft 6in ( 2.3m ) ? Will you need more washbasins or a shower , and can these be easily installed ?
before finishing each room , just spend a minute thinking about your furniture and how it will fit in . are there any snags [about] wall space , radiators , electric sockets , lighting , windows ? are the windows safe for children ? are the room heights greater than 7ft 6in ( 2.3m ) ? will you need more washbasins or a shower , and can these be easily installed ?

This explanation of urban poverty in terms of ‘ perverse incentives ’ is being picked up by the right wing in Britain and used as the basis for proposals for new policies and regulations regarding unemployment benefit , income support , and housing entitlement as they apply to lone mothers .
this explanation of urban poverty in terms of ‘ perverse incentives ’ is being picked up by the right wing in britain and used as the basis for proposals for new policies and regulations [about] unemployment benefit , income support , and housing entitlement as they apply to lone mothers .

It has always been regarded as desirable that the police should be seen as taking no particular stance regarding political activity and that they should not be placed in a position where decisions of a party political nature are concerned .
it has always been regarded as desirable that the police should be seen as taking no particular stance [about] political activity and that they should not be placed in a position where decisions of a party political nature are concerned .

The effect of this Act has been to inspire a greater sense of caution in British film-makers regarding the involvement of children in immodest or suggestive photography , and restrictions on importing such material might well spread these considerations abroad .
the effect of this act has been to inspire a greater sense of caution in british film-makers [about] the involvement of children in immodest or suggestive photography , and restrictions on importing such material might well spread these considerations abroad .

The outcome was clearly welcomed by those with liberal sentiments : for however much one may deplore the sexual activities of young teenagers , there can surely be little doubt that the protection of such a girl from an unwanted pregnancy must be a matter of primary importance , and , therefore , if need be , have precedence not only over the right of parents to give or withhold consent , but even over the right to information regarding their child , for whom they are legally responsible .
the outcome was clearly welcomed by those with liberal sentiments : for however much one may deplore the sexual activities of young teenagers , there can surely be little doubt that the protection of such a girl from an unwanted pregnancy must be a matter of primary importance , and , therefore , if need be , have precedence not only over the right of parents to give or withhold consent , but even over the right to information [about] their child , for whom they are legally responsible .

The Warnock Committee , after expressing liberal views regarding such practices as egg donation and in vitro fertilization , turned to truly Draconian measures in their effort to stamp out surrogacy .
the warnock committee , after expressing liberal views [about] such practices as egg donation and in vitro fertilization , turned to truly draconian measures in their effort to stamp out surrogacy .

In the absence of more tangible evidence , the argument regarding possible harmful effects on children can be ignored .
in the absence of more tangible evidence , the argument [about] possible harmful effects on children can be ignored .

Today undoubtedly a marriage involves fewer regulations regarding property between spouses than it did in the eighteenth century .
today undoubtedly a marriage involves fewer regulations [about] property between spouses than it did in the eighteenth century .

Nevertheless , without interfering , an adult who is obviously interested in what they are doing can encourage them to talk about the choices they are making regarding size , shape and texture .
nevertheless , without interfering , an adult who is obviously interested in what they are doing can encourage them to talk about the choices they are making [about] size , shape and texture .

He noted that whilst his responses were ‘ accompanied by a considerable body of information regarding induction and development training , there was very little specifically on job training ’ .
he noted that whilst his responses were ‘ accompanied by a considerable body of information [about] induction and development training , there was very little specifically on job training ’ .

The problem of insufficient staff to be able easily to absorb absences from the workplace to attend group training sessions was commented on by all except the largest libraries , with some libraries apparently regarding this lack of ( indirect ) staff resource as paramount to preventing any in-service training programmes being carried out , although as was emphasized by The Library Association Working Party on Training :
the problem of insufficient staff to be able easily to absorb absences from the workplace to attend group training sessions was commented on by all except the largest libraries , with some libraries apparently [about] this lack of ( indirect ) staff resource as paramount to preventing any in-service training programmes being carried out , although as was emphasized by the library association working party on training :

They do , on occasion , have pangs of conscience regarding self-centredness .
they do , on occasion , have pangs of conscience [about] self-centredness .

Dr Ed Wheat in his book Love Life for Every Married Couple makes some very sage comments regarding the nature of love :
dr ed wheat in his book love life for every married couple makes some very sage comments [about] the nature of love :

List at least five things you observed from your parents regarding love that will be a help in your marriage .
list at least five things you observed from your parents [about] love that will be a help in your marriage .

The fact that the Bible uses such strong language regarding what has been our closest relationship — that with our parents — tells something else as well .
the fact that the bible uses such strong language [about] what has been our closest relationship — that with our parents — tells something else as well .

( See also the chapter on communication regarding confrontation . )
( see also the chapter on communication [about] confrontation . )

One of the most important things to learn regarding conflict is to accept it as one of the normal challenges of life .
one of the most important things to learn [about] conflict is to accept it as one of the normal challenges of life .

Regardless of all the toing and froing in Christian periodicals regarding women in leadership roles , no one has ever come up with anything remotely convincing which would relieve husbands from the responsibility for the direction of their families .
regardless of all the toing and froing in christian periodicals [about] women in leadership roles , no one has ever come up with anything remotely convincing which would relieve husbands from the responsibility for the direction of their families .

Inferior and superior are relative standards and have no place in the biblical vocabulary regarding the worth of a person .
inferior and superior are relative standards and have no place in the biblical vocabulary [about] the worth of a person .

There are some great differences between a secular and a Christian world-view regarding finances .
there are some great differences between a secular and a christian world-view [about] finances .

Many find it very embarrassing to describe their expectations regarding actual physical technique .
many find it very embarrassing to describe their expectations [about] actual physical technique .

What does this tell us about a biblical attitude regarding our partner 's body in the marriage relationship ?
what does this tell us about a biblical attitude [about] our partner 's body in the marriage relationship ?

And , regarding itself as a cultured nation , the eastern bastion of civilisation , the bringer of culture to the poor benighted Slavs of the east , Germany conducted a Kulturkampf that was intended to destroy and subdue the peoples on its margins .
and , [about] itself as a cultured nation , the eastern bastion of civilisation , the bringer of culture to the poor benighted slavs of the east , germany conducted a kulturkampf that was intended to destroy and subdue the peoples on its margins .

No referee , no rules regarding ethics , no time limits were imposed — certainly Queensbury rules were scoffed at .
no referee , no rules [about] ethics , no time limits were imposed — certainly queensbury rules were scoffed at .

Regarding Henry
[about] henry

It is not all gloomy news for trees : the situation regarding Indian sandalwood oil ( Mysore ) is much healthier .
it is not all gloomy news for trees : the situation [about] indian sandalwood oil ( mysore ) is much healthier .

Included in this list is some information regarding the usual method of extraction for individual oils , and some hints on aroma compatibility which you may find helpful when you come to blend essences for therapeutic as well as aesthetic purposes .
included in this list is some information [about] the usual method of extraction for individual oils , and some hints on aroma compatibility which you may find helpful when you come to blend essences for therapeutic as well as aesthetic purposes .

Regarding the regular use of Eddey 's Lane as a short cut for through traffic , Anthony Williams said the matter comes up frequently at parish council meetings .
[about] the regular use of eddey 's lane as a short cut for through traffic , anthony williams said the matter comes up frequently at parish council meetings .

In the majority of pre-agricultural , hunting and gathering societies , for example , respect for nature — in the broad sense — and respect for the feelings of individual animals are incorporated together into religious ideologies in the form of strict rules and prohibitions regarding the killing of animals and the exploitation of natural resources . Some of the central tenets of these belief systems are as follows :
in the majority of pre-agricultural , hunting and gathering societies , for example , respect for nature — in the broad sense — and respect for the feelings of individual animals are incorporated together into religious ideologies in the form of strict rules and prohibitions [about] the killing of animals and the exploitation of natural resources . some of the central tenets of these belief systems are as follows :

While it is right , and of some urgency , to look at the global environment and to be involved in discussions regarding pollution of our oceans , the greenhouse effect , the destruction of rain forests in South America and so on , we should not lose sight of what is primarily the concern of the individual : that is , the local environment .
while it is right , and of some urgency , to look at the global environment and to be involved in discussions [about] pollution of our oceans , the greenhouse effect , the destruction of rain forests in south america and so on , we should not lose sight of what is primarily the concern of the individual : that is , the local environment .

If an employer is committed to an agreed procedure or customary arrangement regarding redundancies , he should adhere to it .
if an employer is committed to an agreed procedure or customary arrangement [about] redundancies , he should adhere to it .

In addition , the emerging information regarding the properties of the platelet-derived growth factor argues for an important role in the atherogenic process of this platelet α-granule constituent .
in addition , the emerging information [about] the properties of the platelet-derived growth factor argues for an important role in the atherogenic process of this platelet α-granule constituent .

Geophysical and borehole evidence for regarding the structure as the surface expression of movements on a Variscan thrust plane developed at the southern margin of the London Platform ( East Anglian — Brabant Massif ) has been summarised by Smalley and Westbrook ( 1982 ) .
geophysical and borehole evidence for [about] the structure as the surface expression of movements on a variscan thrust plane developed at the southern margin of the london platform ( east anglian — brabant massif ) has been summarised by smalley and westbrook ( 1982 ) .

This bequest regarding the income from the land is like a prior legacy — except that it is worded as a trust .
this bequest [about] the income from the land is like a prior legacy — except that it is worded as a trust .

There was a long tradition of regarding trusts as protected by actions in personam ; and it is not likely that jurists were early ( or even late ) prepared to abandon this and make available a real protection in all circumstances .
there was a long tradition of [about] trusts as protected by actions in personam ; and it is not likely that jurists were early ( or even late ) prepared to abandon this and make available a real protection in all circumstances .

The evidence is finely balanced , both regarding whether a modus in the public interest might be enforced , and regarding whether a trust would be .
the evidence is finely balanced , both [about] whether a modus in the public interest might be enforced , and [about] whether a trust would be .

Interpol , at the time of writing , were looking for a Norfolk widow regarding their enquiries into the death of her husband .
interpol , at the time of writing , were looking for a norfolk widow [about] their enquiries into the death of her husband .

Points To Note Regarding Booking
points to note [about] booking

Penn , Topham , Burgess and Benezek were asked to deal with any proposals that might be made to the committee regarding a building that would be suitable as a hospital , and Messrs Shepperson and Reynolds of Oxford Street were appointed ( for what immediate purpose is not clear ) booksellers and stationers to the institution .
penn , topham , burgess and benezek were asked to deal with any proposals that might be made to the committee [about] a building that would be suitable as a hospital , and messrs shepperson and reynolds of oxford street were appointed ( for what immediate purpose is not clear ) booksellers and stationers to the institution .

Hunter 's committee clearly thought that Vial on his own could not conduct the course , while Morton 's committee appear to have accepted Vial 's claims regarding appointments which apparently he had never held .
hunter 's committee clearly thought that vial on his own could not conduct the course , while morton 's committee appear to have accepted vial 's claims [about] appointments which apparently he had never held .

In March , George Dance Junior ( 1741–1825 ) was asked to examine the College 's buildings regarding their solidity and the quality of the materials used .
in march , george dance junior ( 1741–1825 ) was asked to examine the college 's buildings [about] their solidity and the quality of the materials used .

At Hinde House we were aware of the changes inherent in taking all the proposals , concerns and issues in education , attempting a series of separate and discreet changes , and then finding a lack of coherence regarding the whole curriculum , with the added possibility of incomplete and ineffective curriculum change causing frustration amongst teaching staff .
at hinde house we were aware of the changes inherent in taking all the proposals , concerns and issues in education , attempting a series of separate and discreet changes , and then finding a lack of coherence [about] the whole curriculum , with the added possibility of incomplete and ineffective curriculum change causing frustration amongst teaching staff .

There is no restriction on the local authority regarding works registered under the Alkali , etc .
there is no restriction on the local authority [about] works registered under the alkali , etc .

The main aim was to prevent excessive smoke emission caused by the indiscriminate burning of industrial or trade refuse in the open , but will also control dark smoke emission from industrial processes not having a chimney . Local authorities which receive complaints regarding :
the main aim was to prevent excessive smoke emission caused by the indiscriminate burning of industrial or trade refuse in the open , but will also control dark smoke emission from industrial processes not having a chimney . local authorities which receive complaints [about] :

Regarding the type of development mentioned in ( b ) above , only a few planning authorities seem to consider odour emission to be a major factor when deciding whether or not to grant planning permission for development which would be sensitive to any existing odour emitting use . In fact of the 76 district planning authorities responding to the survey referred to earlier only 10 did so , the following being examples of where odour emission was so regarded , i.e. where a proposed residential development would have :
[about] the type of development mentioned in ( b ) above , only a few planning authorities seem to consider odour emission to be a major factor when deciding whether or not to grant planning permission for development which would be sensitive to any existing odour emitting use . in fact of the 76 district planning authorities responding to the survey referred to earlier only 10 did so , the following being examples of where odour emission was so regarded , i.e. where a proposed residential development would have :

The other argument was that different description types might merely reduce the tendency to group the atomic elements together without any prediction regarding which singular continuation would predominate .
the other argument was that different description types might merely reduce the tendency to group the atomic elements together without any prediction [about] which singular continuation would predominate .

( This is of course , a local variant of concerns expressed by Johnson ( 1977 ) regarding the welfare state as a whole , and discussed in Chapter 2 , section 2.2 . )
( this is of course , a local variant of concerns expressed by johnson ( 1977 ) [about] the welfare state as a whole , and discussed in chapter 2 , section 2.2 . )

And , as was argued earlier regarding Cockburn , even if similar methods have been borrowed it remains to be determined whether the implications are similar too .
and , as was argued earlier [about] cockburn , even if similar methods have been borrowed it remains to be determined whether the implications are similar too .

But when the Conservatives came to power in 1979 , local government found itself at the centre of a much wider conflict regarding the role of the state as a whole , and the position of local government began to be ‘ reappraised ’ .
but when the conservatives came to power in 1979 , local government found itself at the centre of a much wider conflict [about] the role of the state as a whole , and the position of local government began to be ‘ reappraised ’ .

the picture regarding general building maintenance ;
the picture [about] general building maintenance ;

The Agreement extends qualified majority voting ( through the ‘ co-operation ’ procedure [ see page 6 ] ) , to cover issues such as the conditions of workers , the information and consultation of workers , and equal opportunities between the sexes both on the labour market and regarding treatment in the workplace .
the agreement extends qualified majority voting ( through the ‘ co-operation ’ procedure [ see page 6 ] ) , to cover issues such as the conditions of workers , the information and consultation of workers , and equal opportunities between the sexes both on the labour market and [about] treatment in the workplace .

Therefore , the Commission agreed to the request of the United Kingdom and decided to refer the aspect of the case regarding the product markets of bricks and clay tiles to the United Kingdom authorities to be dealt with under United Kingdom competition law .
therefore , the commission agreed to the request of the united kingdom and decided to refer the aspect of the case [about] the product markets of bricks and clay tiles to the united kingdom authorities to be dealt with under united kingdom competition law .

Delaney shook Lawton by the hand , and nodded at the other faces , regarding them levelly .
delaney shook lawton by the hand , and nodded at the other faces , [about] them levelly .

They later added a ‘ Members Business Conduct Pledge ’ regarding selling by telephone , canvassing , harassment , and complaints and redress procedure .
they later added a ‘ members business conduct pledge ’ [about] selling by telephone , canvassing , harassment , and complaints and redress procedure .

The details regarding the first pie in 1788 are few , but it was served and eaten by the villagers in Cliffe Stile Field .
the details [about] the first pie in 1788 are few , but it was served and eaten by the villagers in cliffe stile field .

The police switched to regarding her as completely innocent and she became the star witness .
the police switched to [about] her as completely innocent and she became the star witness .

The Reaganites had strong idealogical objections to the convention , regarding the convention as a dangerous precedent for other international resources , and as a step towards bureaucratisation and away from free enterprise .
the reaganites had strong idealogical objections to the convention , [about] the convention as a dangerous precedent for other international resources , and as a step towards bureaucratisation and away from free enterprise .

New evidence regarding the possible action of fluoride on human cells and tissues is emerging all the time .
new evidence [about] the possible action of fluoride on human cells and tissues is emerging all the time .

Either way , astronomers are regarding it as a fascinating astronomical object and not just a recordbreaker .
either way , astronomers are [about] it as a fascinating astronomical object and not just a recordbreaker .

When Watkins put forward his observations regarding remnants of prehistoric alignments in Britain he ran head-on into official archaeological thinking which still believed in the Piltdown Man .
when watkins put forward his observations [about] remnants of prehistoric alignments in britain he ran head-on into official archaeological thinking which still believed in the piltdown man .

Regarding the article ‘ Magnetism and the standing stones ’ ( Forum , 13 January , p 105 ) , it seems clear to us that such stone circles were of great practical importance to their constructors .
[about] the article ‘ magnetism and the standing stones ’ ( forum , 13 january , p 105 ) , it seems clear to us that such stone circles were of great practical importance to their constructors .

Choices of language , decisions regarding objectives , content , the priority accorded to them and the criteria for determining them all have to be made , renewed and periodically revised .
choices of language , decisions [about] objectives , content , the priority accorded to them and the criteria for determining them all have to be made , renewed and periodically revised .

Side by side with these come decisions regarding curriculum control , in particular those related to the degree of flexibility to be permitted and encouraged in relation to choice of language , of content and of evaluation .
side by side with these come decisions [about] curriculum control , in particular those related to the degree of flexibility to be permitted and encouraged in relation to choice of language , of content and of evaluation .

In addition , many local people , regarding the environment as something to be exploited in order to make a living whether as a farmer or as a fisherman , had little sympathy for the idea of landscape protection or conservation .
in addition , many local people , [about] the environment as something to be exploited in order to make a living whether as a farmer or as a fisherman , had little sympathy for the idea of landscape protection or conservation .

Byron took up the above theme regarding the relationship between the communities we study and the wider world they inhabit , especially as it relates to complex societies .
byron took up the above theme [about] the relationship between the communities we study and the wider world they inhabit , especially as it relates to complex societies .

When questions of the rightness or wrongness regarding a particular situation arise , there must be a constant appeal to the human conscience , supplementing appeal to human respect for constitutional law .
when questions of the rightness or wrongness [about] a particular situation arise , there must be a constant appeal to the human conscience , supplementing appeal to human respect for constitutional law .

Among these is the irreversible movement towards western attitudes regarding women and the equality of the sexes , and towards moral issues in general .
among these is the irreversible movement towards western attitudes [about] women and the equality of the sexes , and towards moral issues in general .

This can be achieved by regarding the act of sanctification of the ‘ goodness ’ of the very first ‘ good ’ event of evolution , as an abstract concept which corresponds to the ‘ good ’ physical event .
this can be achieved by [about] the act of sanctification of the ‘ goodness ’ of the very first ‘ good ’ event of evolution , as an abstract concept which corresponds to the ‘ good ’ physical event .

Staff groupings can be subjected to productivity tests to enable budgeting decisions to be made regarding staff levels in the future .
staff groupings can be subjected to productivity tests to enable budgeting decisions to be made [about] staff levels in the future .

It is important however that the manager should set down the areas where responsibility for decisions is vested in the surveyor in order that any uncertainty regarding delegated authority is kept to an absolute minimum .
it is important however that the manager should set down the areas where responsibility for decisions is vested in the surveyor in order that any uncertainty [about] delegated authority is kept to an absolute minimum .

It is the unfinished nature of those parts dealing with the schemas of reproduction that has given rise to a number of controversies regarding the interpretation of them .
it is the unfinished nature of those parts dealing with the schemas of reproduction that has given rise to a number of controversies [about] the interpretation of them .

The problem raised by Rosa Luxemburg regarding an unrealisable surplus arising in Dept .
the problem raised by rosa luxemburg [about] an unrealisable surplus arising in dept .

In fact Bukharin came very close to Rosa Luxemburg 's proposition regarding a surplus of consumption goods arising from
in fact bukharin came very close to rosa luxemburg 's proposition [about] a surplus of consumption goods arising from

They reasoned that if such events occurred , particularly in Germany , the problems regarding supplies of industrial and processed goods would be solved , if not immediately , then at least fairly quickly .
they reasoned that if such events occurred , particularly in germany , the problems [about] supplies of industrial and processed goods would be solved , if not immediately , then at least fairly quickly .

It was in this feverish atmosphere of gunsmoke and ( if one was lucky ) subsistence rations that Bukharin tried to peer ahead and formulate some theoretical propositions regarding the transition to socialism .
it was in this feverish atmosphere of gunsmoke and ( if one was lucky ) subsistence rations that bukharin tried to peer ahead and formulate some theoretical propositions [about] the transition to socialism .

In other words , the cautious phrases of the articles in Pravda hid a sharp political turn on Bukharin 's part , but not a sharp turn in his views regarding economic policies .
in other words , the cautious phrases of the articles in pravda hid a sharp political turn on bukharin 's part , but not a sharp turn in his views [about] economic policies .

Whilst regarding as correct the shift of the centre of gravity to the production of the means of production , we must at the same time remember the danger involved in tying up too much state capital in major construction work , which can not be realised on the market for many years .
whilst [about] as correct the shift of the centre of gravity to the production of the means of production , we must at the same time remember the danger involved in tying up too much state capital in major construction work , which can not be realised on the market for many years .

One had heard the ominous rumblings from the singers regarding the complexity of both choral and works , and the language of one of them ( Hebrew ) , but in performance on Saturday evening they sounded tremendous .
one had heard the ominous rumblings from the singers [about] the complexity of both choral and works , and the language of one of them ( hebrew ) , but in performance on saturday evening they sounded tremendous .

The man was regarding her with natural surprise .
the man was [about] her with natural surprise .

He had looked older when she had seen him at St Petrock 's ; but he had been scowling then , and now he was looking quite friendly and interested — rather like James , who sat in front of them regarding them both with faithful brown eyes .
he had looked older when she had seen him at st petrock 's ; but he had been scowling then , and now he was looking quite friendly and interested — rather like james , who sat in front of them [about] them both with faithful brown eyes .

Surely it is about time England and Wales came into line with the rest of Europe regarding access instead of being trapped in a time capsule .
surely it is about time england and wales came into line with the rest of europe [about] access instead of being trapped in a time capsule .

One criticism which is often levelled at record reviewers is their frequent inability to reach even a mild degree of consensus regarding ‘ best ’ versions .
one criticism which is often levelled at record reviewers is their frequent inability to reach even a mild degree of consensus [about] ‘ best ’ versions .

It is interesting that when critics get together and discuss differences of opinion regarding certain recordings , these are almost certainly derived not so much from pure bias , as illfocused thinking .
it is interesting that when critics get together and discuss differences of opinion [about] certain recordings , these are almost certainly derived not so much from pure bias , as illfocused thinking .

Although the long list of available versions of Mahler 's various symphonic off-spring can usually be whittled down to a shortlist without too much difficulty , the situation regarding praiseworthy recoding of the Third has almost reached saturation point .
although the long list of available versions of mahler 's various symphonic off-spring can usually be whittled down to a shortlist without too much difficulty , the situation [about] praiseworthy recoding of the third has almost reached saturation point .

As it turned out the final Report , published in 1889 after almost five years of investigation , did embody a number of recommendations regarding the education of deaf children in future Education Acts , thus setting out for the first time proper legislation with regard to compulsory entry , ages of admission , the length of education , the size of classes , and even that Principals/Headmasters of boarding institutions had to reside on the premises .
as it turned out the final report , published in 1889 after almost five years of investigation , did embody a number of recommendations [about] the education of deaf children in future education acts , thus setting out for the first time proper legislation with regard to compulsory entry , ages of admission , the length of education , the size of classes , and even that principals/headmasters of boarding institutions had to reside on the premises .

Criticism in the 1893 Act regarding the poor status and qualifications of teachers of the deaf led — in 1895 — to the formation of the National Association of Teachers of the Deaf .
criticism in the 1893 act [about] the poor status and qualifications of teachers of the deaf led — in 1895 — to the formation of the national association of teachers of the deaf .

There were moments of black humour as well regarding the safety of deaf people in wartime conditions . For example , a paragraph heading in the London Evening Standard reported as follows : —
there were moments of black humour as well [about] the safety of deaf people in wartime conditions . for example , a paragraph heading in the london evening standard reported as follows : —

All enquiries regarding appeals awards should be directed in the first instance to the Head of the appropriate Department .
all enquiries [about] appeals awards should be directed in the first instance to the head of the appropriate department .

Discussion should take place regarding the learning methods , i.e .
discussion should take place [about] the learning methods , i.e .

Each learner should be assigned to a clinical teacher or tutor whom they should consult regarding individual difficulties .
each learner should be assigned to a clinical teacher or tutor whom they should consult [about] individual difficulties .

This was regarded and listened to with some incredulity by the majority of the airmen , whose main ambition regarding Waafs had much to do with getting them into dark corners , like behind the Naafi , and nothing whatever to do with playing the flute or any other instrument .
this was regarded and listened to with some incredulity by the majority of the airmen , whose main ambition [about] waafs had much to do with getting them into dark corners , like behind the naafi , and nothing whatever to do with playing the flute or any other instrument .

Free from outdated rules regarding outdoor clothing and morals , the Lawrences certainly had a more lively manner .
free from outdated rules [about] outdoor clothing and morals , the lawrences certainly had a more lively manner .

It is now essential to make some additional points regarding banks , their financial structure and deposit creation .
it is now essential to make some additional points [about] banks , their financial structure and deposit creation .

The reader should ascertain the position regarding his own domestic currency .
the reader should ascertain the position [about] his own domestic currency .

There were times when he spoke as though he was living in the days of his ancestor , Richard ; regarding himself as a feudal overlord with the power of life and death over his vassals .
there were times when he spoke as though he was living in the days of his ancestor , richard ; [about] himself as a feudal overlord with the power of life and death over his vassals .

Thus the dictionaries were quite wrong regarding the Dorset family of Forsey .
thus the dictionaries were quite wrong [about] the dorset family of forsey .

These were of great value not only regarding the history of the architecture of the fabric and fitments , but also the matrimonial alliances of long-dead notables .
these were of great value not only [about] the history of the architecture of the fabric and fitments , but also the matrimonial alliances of long-dead notables .

Regarding the changes made since the writing of the booklet , the researcher will gain pleasure from discovering them on site .
[about] the changes made since the writing of the booklet , the researcher will gain pleasure from discovering them on site .

Many local historians will encounter the problem of the varying practices regarding the adoption of the Gregorian calendar — the dating of letters concerning a town 's rope trade with Spain or the wool trade with Russia , to name but two .
many local historians will encounter the problem of the varying practices [about] the adoption of the gregorian calendar — the dating of letters concerning a town 's rope trade with spain or the wool trade with russia , to name but two .

Merseyside There is considerable material on docks and shipping , plus correspondence regarding the American Civil War , the slave trade , and other commercial ventures .
merseyside there is considerable material on docks and shipping , plus correspondence [about] the american civil war , the slave trade , and other commercial ventures .

Work is also being carried out ( on a wider than county basis ) on transferring information regarding charities onto computer-based storage media .
work is also being carried out ( on a wider than county basis ) on transferring information [about] charities onto computer-based storage media .

One Highlander was in a fix regarding his dog : he would not pay the fare for his collie ; the official threatened to take him — the dog — as a hostage ; Dugald warned him Prince would ‘ grip him ’ if he dared .
one highlander was in a fix [about] his dog : he would not pay the fare for his collie ; the official threatened to take him — the dog — as a hostage ; dugald warned him prince would ‘ grip him ’ if he dared .

But adolescence presents quite different problems regarding discipline .
but adolescence presents quite different problems [about] discipline .

1989 ) regarding the role of root lectins , which are carbohydrate-binding proteins , in determining host specificity suggests that science is making considerable progress on this problem .
1989 ) [about] the role of root lectins , which are carbohydrate-binding proteins , in determining host specificity suggests that science is making considerable progress on this problem .

The conditions were deliberately vague and even asked for suggestions regarding the siting of Westminster Bridge , although some work had already been carried out towards rebuilding the bridge on its existing site .
the conditions were deliberately vague and even asked for suggestions [about] the siting of westminster bridge , although some work had already been carried out towards rebuilding the bridge on its existing site .

what is the individual 's level of knowledge regarding maintaining a safe environment ?
what is the individual 's level of knowledge [about] maintaining a safe environment ?

Timoney ( 1987 ) reports on a study undertaken to examine the current control of infection practices in a community unit of management , and makes some recommendations regarding improved communication with hospital staff , use of protective clothing , wound care , practices related to the use of catheters and drainage systems , disposal of equipment and so on .
timoney ( 1987 ) reports on a study undertaken to examine the current control of infection practices in a community unit of management , and makes some recommendations [about] improved communication with hospital staff , use of protective clothing , wound care , practices related to the use of catheters and drainage systems , disposal of equipment and so on .

It is , therefore , important for staff to adhere strictly to guidelines regarding the use of protective clothing , especially gloves , when administering these drugs , and also when disposing of any spillages ; for their own safety and also for the safety of patients and other staff .
it is , therefore , important for staff to adhere strictly to guidelines [about] the use of protective clothing , especially gloves , when administering these drugs , and also when disposing of any spillages ; for their own safety and also for the safety of patients and other staff .

Facial expression is a rich source of information regarding the emotional state of the individual and some evidence of this can be found in the amount of space and time authors and playwrights give to describing the facial changes in their characters .
facial expression is a rich source of information [about] the emotional state of the individual and some evidence of this can be found in the amount of space and time authors and playwrights give to describing the facial changes in their characters .

There are also differences regarding the amount of gesticulation and mobility of the lips when communicating which are culturally determined .
there are also differences [about] the amount of gesticulation and mobility of the lips when communicating which are culturally determined .

If name badges are worn , nurses need to remember that people who wear bifocal spectacles have difficulty in reading at that level , and any cues regarding inadequate vision should be noted .
if name badges are worn , nurses need to remember that people who wear bifocal spectacles have difficulty in reading at that level , and any cues [about] inadequate vision should be noted .

What major differences are there between Yorkshire and Lancashire regarding electricity supplies ?
what major differences are there between yorkshire and lancashire [about] electricity supplies ?

His advice should also be sought for all puncture wounds and lacerations regarding any measures needed to avoid tetanus .
his advice should also be sought for all puncture wounds and lacerations [about] any measures needed to avoid tetanus .

We also discuss why human resource policies can not be treated separately from other business decisions regarding rapid replenishment .
we also discuss why human resource policies can not be treated separately from other business decisions [about] rapid replenishment .

The notches are the basic instruction to sewing operators regarding where the fabric pieces to be joined should match up or be aligned .
the notches are the basic instruction to sewing operators [about] where the fabric pieces to be joined should match up or be aligned .

This means incoming shipments must adhere to a set of technological and process standards regarding the use of bar codes for labeling cartons in addition to other standards for packing , labeling , placement , shipping , and display of products .
this means incoming shipments must adhere to a set of technological and process standards [about] the use of bar codes for labeling cartons in addition to other standards for packing , labeling , placement , shipping , and display of products .

They need real-time information regarding what goods their plants have in finished , work-in-process , and material inventories .
they need real-time information [about] what goods their plants have in finished , work-in-process , and material inventories .

Once again , this requires a combination of practices ; by using advanced forecasting methods and innovative production techniques , apparel-makers may be able to respond in very short periods of time to point-of-sale information regarding sale of products with higher fashion content .
once again , this requires a combination of practices ; by using advanced forecasting methods and innovative production techniques , apparel-makers may be able to respond in very short periods of time to point-of-sale information [about] sale of products with higher fashion content .

For a retailer , a larger number of SKUs raises the level of uncertainty regarding what product will sell or not sell in any period .
for a retailer , a larger number of skus raises the level of uncertainty [about] what product will sell or not sell in any period .

The ability to gather , transmit , and use information regarding sales at the cash register has created a new way of offering products to customers .
the ability to gather , transmit , and use information [about] sales at the cash register has created a new way of offering products to customers .

It created , among other innovations , a “ team buying ” system that centralizes certain buying functions to benefit from potential economies of scale while taking full advantage of divisional expertise regarding different customer groups within Federated ’ s stores .
it created , among other innovations , a “ team buying ” system that centralizes certain buying functions to benefit from potential economies of scale while taking full advantage of divisional expertise [about] different customer groups within federated ’ s stores .

La Leyenda Negra is the term used for a myth that describes a very negative attitude many believe pervades the historical perspective regarding Hispanics and Mexicans .
la leyenda negra is the term used for a myth that describes a very negative attitude many believe pervades the historical perspective [about] hispanics and mexicans .

The opening hours and rules regarding access vary , so contact the Cumbria Tourist Board in Windermere or one of the local tourist information centers ( see page 125 ) before setting out with your golf bag .
the opening hours and rules [about] access vary , so contact the cumbria tourist board in windermere or one of the local tourist information centers ( see page 125 ) before setting out with your golf bag .

The division has come almost to the point of regarding the South as Italy ’ s own Third World , as it offers a supply of cheap migrant labor .
the division has come almost to the point of [about] the south as italy ’ s own third world , as it offers a supply of cheap migrant labor .

Despite the strict asceticism preached through Buddhism , it ’ s clear that the craftsmen employed were given free rein regarding their joyous sensuality .
despite the strict asceticism preached through buddhism , it ’ s clear that the craftsmen employed were given free rein [about] their joyous sensuality .

It is the epitome of the exuberance of a city regarding itself as Europe ’ s most glamorous capital , an impression that is underscored by the grand foyer and staircase .
it is the epitome of the exuberance of a city [about] itself as europe ’ s most glamorous capital , an impression that is underscored by the grand foyer and staircase .

However , there was still some unrest regarding the issue .
however , there was still some unrest [about] the issue .

Among the claims participants cited included being denied credit and problems regarding taxes or bankruptcy .
among the claims participants cited included being denied credit and problems [about] taxes or bankruptcy .

Attendee Robert Gooch was there for the second time , working to prepare for his upcoming court date regarding car damages .
attendee robert gooch was there for the second time , working to prepare for his upcoming court date [about] car damages .

A litigation associate suggested to others that `` one thing I have seen regarding experience is that the younger associates who are motivated to do pro bono work , and actually get trial/court experience that way , do get rewarded with more significant work assignments for their efforts earlier in their careers .
a litigation associate suggested to others that `` one thing i have seen [about] experience is that the younger associates who are motivated to do pro bono work , and actually get trial/court experience that way , do get rewarded with more significant work assignments for their efforts earlier in their careers .

This confirms the lack of knowledge regarding the progress in alcohol treatment that has led to expert consensus recommendations that all patients at risk for alcohol problems should be screened and counseled or referred for counseling.30,31 Changing belief systems , clinical practices , and cognitive barriers is a slow process and a formidable challenge .
this confirms the lack of knowledge [about] the progress in alcohol treatment that has led to expert consensus recommendations that all patients at risk for alcohol problems should be screened and counseled or referred for counseling.30,31 changing belief systems , clinical practices , and cognitive barriers is a slow process and a formidable challenge .

Knowledge , attitudes , and reported practices of medical students and house staff regarding the diagnosis and treatment of alcoholism .
knowledge , attitudes , and reported practices of medical students and house staff [about] the diagnosis and treatment of alcoholism .

Regarding the issue of non-payment for services provided to alcohol-impaired patients , he observed that insurance companies rarely take advantage of their current legal right to deny payment due to alcohol use .
[about] the issue of non-payment for services provided to alcohol-impaired patients , he observed that insurance companies rarely take advantage of their current legal right to deny payment due to alcohol use .

Regarding collaboration , he mentioned that partnering with specialists in substance abuse gave him a greater understanding of that specialty and increased the quality and credibility of subsequent proposals .
[about] collaboration , he mentioned that partnering with specialists in substance abuse gave him a greater understanding of that specialty and increased the quality and credibility of subsequent proposals .

Although we know of no studies assessing clinical practices regarding alcohol problems in emergency departments , a survey of 1,055 emergency medicine physicians by Chang and colleagues found that most physicians favored testing and reporting injured , alcohol-impaired drivers.41 However , ambivalent attitudes were revealed concerning alcoholics and alcoholism .
although we know of no studies assessing clinical practices [about] alcohol problems in emergency departments , a survey of 1,055 emergency medicine physicians by chang and colleagues found that most physicians favored testing and reporting injured , alcohol-impaired drivers.41 however , ambivalent attitudes were revealed concerning alcoholics and alcoholism .

What are the constraints regarding the timing of the intervention ?
what are the constraints [about] the timing of the intervention ?

We have just heard compelling evidence regarding the efficacy of brief intervention in a variety of settings including primary care , inpatient trauma centers , and emergency departments , and for multiple populations , ranging from adolescents to adults .
we have just heard compelling evidence [about] the efficacy of brief intervention in a variety of settings including primary care , inpatient trauma centers , and emergency departments , and for multiple populations , ranging from adolescents to adults .

Hungerford stated that the goal of the conference was not to achieve unanimity regarding the recommendations , but to have significant and general agreement .
hungerford stated that the goal of the conference was not to achieve unanimity [about] the recommendations , but to have significant and general agreement .

If anything , the multiplicity of players only reinforces the recommendations that GAO has made in the past regarding the urgent need for a comprehensive threat , risk , and vulnerability assessment and a national homeland security strategy that can provide direction and utility at all levels of government and across all sectors of the country.3 2 U.S. General Accounting Office , Homeland Security : Proposal for Cabinet Agency Has Merit Implementation Will Be Pivotal to Success , GAO-02-886T ( Washington , D.C. : June 25 , 2002 ) .
if anything , the multiplicity of players only reinforces the recommendations that gao has made in the past [about] the urgent need for a comprehensive threat , risk , and vulnerability assessment and a national homeland security strategy that can provide direction and utility at all levels of government and across all sectors of the country.3 2 u.s. general accounting office , homeland security : proposal for cabinet agency has merit implementation will be pivotal to success , gao-02-886t ( washington , d.c. : june 25 , 2002 ) .

These recommendations will apply regardless of decisions about the respective roles of the State Department and the proposed Department of Homeland Security regarding visa functions .
these recommendations will apply regardless of decisions about the respective roles of the state department and the proposed department of homeland security [about] visa functions .

Similarly , to address IRS 's performance expectation for senior executives to develop and execute plans to achieve organizational goals , a senior executive who is the area director for compliance in New York has a performance expectation in his fiscal year 2002 individual performance plan to ensure that taxpayers affected by the events of September 11 , 2001 , are treated and audited according to their circumstances , and that the compliance guidelines and policy regarding affected taxpayers are adhered to .
similarly , to address irs 's performance expectation for senior executives to develop and execute plans to achieve organizational goals , a senior executive who is the area director for compliance in new york has a performance expectation in his fiscal year 2002 individual performance plan to ensure that taxpayers affected by the events of september 11 , 2001 , are treated and audited according to their circumstances , and that the compliance guidelines and policy [about] affected taxpayers are adhered to .

BLM 's senior executives have relied on resource advisory councils ( RAC ) consisting of local residents with diverse interests as a way to involve customers , identify issues , and reach a reasonable degree of consensus regarding BLM 's land management programs .
blm 's senior executives have relied on resource advisory councils ( rac ) consisting of local residents with diverse interests as a way to involve customers , identify issues , and reach a reasonable degree of consensus [about] blm 's land management programs .

In some cases , they also provided technical comments to clarify specific points regarding the information presented .
in some cases , they also provided technical comments to clarify specific points [about] the information presented .

For the same reason regarding the statutorily mandated effective date , the 30-day delay in the effective date of a rule required by 5 U.S.C .
for the same reason [about] the statutorily mandated effective date , the 30-day delay in the effective date of a rule required by 5 u.s.c .

Much has been written regarding the meteoric rise of executive compensation in the United States .
much has been written [about] the meteoric rise of executive compensation in the united states .

There has also been a considerable amount of discussion and debate regarding the appropriate accounting and reporting treatment for stock options .
there has also been a considerable amount of discussion and debate [about] the appropriate accounting and reporting treatment for stock options .

More also needs to be done to address the continuing `` expectations gap '' regarding what auditors are doing in connection with the detection of fraud and internal controls , and to audit through electronic information systems rather than around them .
more also needs to be done to address the continuing `` expectations gap '' [about] what auditors are doing in connection with the detection of fraud and internal controls , and to audit through electronic information systems rather than around them .

However , the current audit-reporting model does not provide any level of assurance regarding key risk and value-based performance and projection information that are important to a wide range of stakeholders .
however , the current audit-reporting model does not provide any level of assurance [about] key risk and value-based performance and projection information that are important to a wide range of stakeholders .

We take these obligations very seriously with all of our responsibilities , including those relating to the Congress ' concerns regarding the recent accountability failures in the private sector .
we take these obligations very seriously with all of our responsibilities , including those relating to the congress ' concerns [about] the recent accountability failures in the private sector .

While they recognize the need for change , according to the CFOs surveyed , many questions remain unanswered regarding how best to scope , define , and organize finance office responsibilities .
while they recognize the need for change , according to the cfos surveyed , many questions remain unanswered [about] how best to scope , define , and organize finance office responsibilities .

Over the past decade , global competition and advances in information technology have changed information requirements and users ' expectations regarding the availability and usefulness of financial information .
over the past decade , global competition and advances in information technology have changed information requirements and users ' expectations [about] the availability and usefulness of financial information .

The cultural change fostered by an effective control environment stresses the importance of improvement and efficient and effective program operations , while maintaining a balance with concerns raised regarding privacy and information security in a world where computers and electronic data are indispensable for making payments .
the cultural change fostered by an effective control environment stresses the importance of improvement and efficient and effective program operations , while maintaining a balance with concerns raised [about] privacy and information security in a world where computers and electronic data are indispensable for making payments .

Whatever method is used , the flow of relevant , reliable , and timely information regarding performance should lead to improved performance , particularly if an atmosphere of healthy competition is introduced into the process .
whatever method is used , the flow of relevant , reliable , and timely information [about] performance should lead to improved performance , particularly if an atmosphere of healthy competition is introduced into the process .

Regarding funding , many actions that proved successful to the organizations in our study involved computer-assisted analyses of data .
[about] funding , many actions that proved successful to the organizations in our study involved computer-assisted analyses of data .

Some of these agencies , such as VBA and IRS , used a balanced scorecard approach , which is intended to provide a balanced perspective regarding agency results , customer satisfaction , and employee feedback .
some of these agencies , such as vba and irs , used a balanced scorecard approach , which is intended to provide a balanced perspective [about] agency results , customer satisfaction , and employee feedback .

Agencies used surveys to obtain employees ' views , such as input regarding the direction of organizational changes .
agencies used surveys to obtain employees ' views , such as input [about] the direction of organizational changes .

In some cases , they also provided written technical comments to clarify specific points regarding the information presented .
in some cases , they also provided written technical comments to clarify specific points [about] the information presented .

Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as Internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .
initiatives that we suggested for the cio council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as internet use , identifying best practices [about] information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .

OMB , NIST , and agency responsibilities regarding information security were recently reemphasized in the Clinger-Cohen Act of 1996 , formerly named the Information Technology Management Reform Act of 1996 .
omb , nist , and agency responsibilities [about] information security were recently reemphasized in the clinger-cohen act of 1996 , formerly named the information technology management reform act of 1996 .

Such procedures provided a relatively quick and consistent means of exploring risk with business managers , selecting cost-effective controls , and documenting conclusions and business managers ' acceptance of final determinations regarding what controls were needed and what risks could be tolerated .
such procedures provided a relatively quick and consistent means of exploring risk with business managers , selecting cost-effective controls , and documenting conclusions and business managers ' acceptance of final determinations [about] what controls were needed and what risks could be tolerated .

In particular , no two groups were alike regarding the extent of support they received from other organizational units .
in particular , no two groups were alike [about] the extent of support they received from other organizational units .

Page 38 GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management also needed excellent communication skills if they were to effectively fulfill their roles as consultants and facilitators for business managers who were less technically expert regarding computers and telecommunications .
page 38 gao/aimd-98-68 information security management also needed excellent communication skills if they were to effectively fulfill their roles as consultants and facilitators for business managers who were less technically expert [about] computers and telecommunications .

As a result , her overarching philosophy regarding awareness efforts was that users who thoroughly understood the risks were better equipped to use good judgment when faced with a potential security breach .
as a result , her overarching philosophy [about] awareness efforts was that users who thoroughly understood the risks were better equipped to use good judgment when faced with a potential security breach .

Further , as discussed previously regarding risk assessment , actual reductions in risk can not be precisely quantified because sufficient data on risk factors are not available .
further , as discussed previously [about] risk assessment , actual reductions in risk can not be precisely quantified because sufficient data on risk factors are not available .

When weaknesses are discovered , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with existing policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts regarding the feasibility of implementing new policies or control techniques .
when weaknesses are discovered , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with existing policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts [about] the feasibility of implementing new policies or control techniques .

Research and deliberations regarding social insurance have continued as part of the Supplementary Stewardship Reporting project .
research and deliberations [about] social insurance have continued as part of the supplementary stewardship reporting project .

Although the Federal Government holds vast amounts of `` proven '' and `` inferred '' natural resources , the major reasons for addressing only surface land in this project were ( 1 ) the allotted time frame within which to complete this standard ; ( 2 ) existing studies that point out the difficulties and the complexities of accurately estimating and valuing natural resources ; and ( 3 ) disputes regarding the boundaries of the outer-continental shelf .
although the federal government holds vast amounts of `` proven '' and `` inferred '' natural resources , the major reasons for addressing only surface land in this project were ( 1 ) the allotted time frame within which to complete this standard ; ( 2 ) existing studies that point out the difficulties and the complexities of accurately estimating and valuing natural resources ; and ( 3 ) disputes [about] the boundaries of the outer-continental shelf .

The Commission subsequently modified its proposal regarding resale in a Second Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ( Interconnection and Resale Obligations Pertaining to Commercial Mobile Radio Services , CC Docket No .
the commission subsequently modified its proposal [about] resale in a second notice of proposed rulemaking ( interconnection and resale obligations pertaining to commercial mobile radio services , cc docket no .

Finally , the Commission solicited comments on a variety of alternatives regarding interconnection , roaming and resale obligations for commercial mobile radio service providers in compliance with section 603 ( c ) .
finally , the commission solicited comments on a variety of alternatives [about] interconnection , roaming and resale obligations for commercial mobile radio service providers in compliance with section 603 ( c ) .

Among other things , the rule amends Regulation T to ( 1 ) eliminate restrictions on the ability of broker-dealers to arrange for credit ; ( 2 ) increase the type and number of domestic and foreign securities that may be bought on margin and increase the loan value of some securities that already are marginable ; ( 3 ) delete Board rules regarding options transactions in favor of the rules of the options exchanges ; and ( 4 ) reduce restrictions on transactions involving foreign persons , securities , and currency .
among other things , the rule amends regulation t to ( 1 ) eliminate restrictions on the ability of broker-dealers to arrange for credit ; ( 2 ) increase the type and number of domestic and foreign securities that may be bought on margin and increase the loan value of some securities that already are marginable ; ( 3 ) delete board rules [about] options transactions in favor of the rules of the options exchanges ; and ( 4 ) reduce restrictions on transactions involving foreign persons , securities , and currency .

The Vice President has also expressed concern regarding certain requests for his personal schedule .
the vice president has also expressed concern [about] certain requests for his personal schedule .

We understand and appreciate the Vice President « s concerns regarding release of his personal schedule .
we understand and appreciate the vice president « s concerns [about] release of his personal schedule .

Institutional investors may have concerns different from those of individual investors regarding expectations for corporate governance and the role of the board of directors .
institutional investors may have concerns different from those of individual investors [about] expectations for corporate governance and the role of the board of directors .

Audit committees should not only oversee both internal and external auditors , but also be proactively involved in understanding issues related to the complexity of the business , and , when appropriate , challenge management through discussion of choices regarding complex accounting , financial reporting , and auditing issues .
audit committees should not only oversee both internal and external auditors , but also be proactively involved in understanding issues related to the complexity of the business , and , when appropriate , challenge management through discussion of choices [about] complex accounting , financial reporting , and auditing issues .

Participants noted that even if the SEC were independent regarding its funding , the Congress could still oversee the SEC .
participants noted that even if the sec were independent [about] its funding , the congress could still oversee the sec .

We are also enclosing a copy of materials which were forwarded to our Office from an industry association regarding the rule .
we are also enclosing a copy of materials which were forwarded to our office from an industry association [about] the rule .

In response to the Notice , over 110 parties filed comments and reply comments regarding the wireless 911 issues .
in response to the notice , over 110 parties filed comments and reply comments [about] the wireless 911 issues .

In order to obtain more comments regarding the possible requirement for control of combustion chamber deposits in the final rule and to seek more public input in other areas involving the certification testing and various implementation and enforcement provisions , a Notice of Reopening of the Comment Period was published on December 28 , 1994 .
in order to obtain more comments [about] the possible requirement for control of combustion chamber deposits in the final rule and to seek more public input in other areas involving the certification testing and various implementation and enforcement provisions , a notice of reopening of the comment period was published on december 28 , 1994 .

Comments regarding enforcement issues and questions raised by the regulated industry were addressed by EPA in four `` Detergent Rule Question and Answer Documents . ''
comments [about] enforcement issues and questions raised by the regulated industry were addressed by epa in four `` detergent rule question and answer documents . ''

The EPA has certified under section 3506 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the Act and submitted the information collection requirement to the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) for approval as required by the Paperwork Reduction Act and has solicited comments regarding the proposed collection requirements to be submitted to both EPA and OMB .
the epa has certified under section 3506 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the act and submitted the information collection requirement to the office of management and budget ( omb ) for approval as required by the paperwork reduction act and has solicited comments [about] the proposed collection requirements to be submitted to both epa and omb .

The requests and our responses focus mostly on internal control regarding the automation of payment systems or the conversion from manual to automated systems .
the requests and our responses focus mostly on internal control [about] the automation of payment systems or the conversion from manual to automated systems .

The Government Paperwork Elimination Act requires OMB to issue guidance to agencies regarding automated systems that maintain electronic information as a substitute for paper and use electronic signatures .
the government paperwork elimination act requires omb to issue guidance to agencies [about] automated systems that maintain electronic information as a substitute for paper and use electronic signatures .

Three of these areas include : ( 1 ) the automation of receipt and acceptance , ( 2 ) electronic signatures , and ( 3 ) statistical sampling regarding examination of claims in the payment process .
three of these areas include : ( 1 ) the automation of receipt and acceptance , ( 2 ) electronic signatures , and ( 3 ) statistical sampling [about] examination of claims in the payment process .

Agencies ' specific questions regarding their payment systems for the acquisition of goods , along with our responses , are organized into the following six sections .
agencies ' specific questions [about] their payment systems for the acquisition of goods , along with our responses , are organized into the following six sections .

Regarding sampling of invoices after payment authorization to verify receipt and acceptance , we pointed out that Title 7 limits sampling to invoices under $ 2,500 .
[about] sampling of invoices after payment authorization to verify receipt and acceptance , we pointed out that title 7 limits sampling to invoices under $ 2,500 .

Several agencies have requested our opinion on whether newly designed systems or modified ones conform to the requirements of Title 7 regarding internal control .
several agencies have requested our opinion on whether newly designed systems or modified ones conform to the requirements of title 7 [about] internal control .

Agencies ' specific questions regarding these systems along with our responses are organized into the following seven sections .
agencies ' specific questions [about] these systems along with our responses are organized into the following seven sections .

Regarding employees that either retire or leave the agency prior the expiration of the retention period , the designs called for an employee checkout procedure whereby clearance from their travel unit ( as well as other units within the agency ) is required prior to receiving their last salary payment .
[about] employees that either retire or leave the agency prior the expiration of the retention period , the designs called for an employee checkout procedure whereby clearance from their travel unit ( as well as other units within the agency ) is required prior to receiving their last salary payment .

GAO Response Regarding those agencies that did not disclose the type of signature in their proposals , we pointed out that the degree to which data on electronic vouchers are secured depends upon the type of automated signature used .
gao response [about] those agencies that did not disclose the type of signature in their proposals , we pointed out that the degree to which data on electronic vouchers are secured depends upon the type of automated signature used .

Regarding the two agencies requesting our views on the signatures proposed in their designs , we stated that their signatures must meet the aforementioned criteria .
[about] the two agencies requesting our views on the signatures proposed in their designs , we stated that their signatures must meet the aforementioned criteria .

Nevertheless , to ensure that overpayments were collected , the agency would take the most expedient of the three following options to recover funds : ( 1 ) obtain reimbursement from the traveler , ( 2 ) make deductions from other travel payments due the traveler , or ( 3 ) initiate action for payroll deductions from the traveler 's salary.18 The agency 's goal was to 18 The agency 's attorneys had provided clearance to the financial office regarding authority to make payroll deductions from employees for overpayment of travel claims .
nevertheless , to ensure that overpayments were collected , the agency would take the most expedient of the three following options to recover funds : ( 1 ) obtain reimbursement from the traveler , ( 2 ) make deductions from other travel payments due the traveler , or ( 3 ) initiate action for payroll deductions from the traveler 's salary.18 the agency 's goal was to 18 the agency 's attorneys had provided clearance to the financial office [about] authority to make payroll deductions from employees for overpayment of travel claims .

However , the Departments , in the preamble , invite comments regarding the impact of the rules on small entities and ways to minimize that impact .
however , the departments , in the preamble , invite comments [about] the impact of the rules on small entities and ways to minimize that impact .

GAO will meet with designated committees and Members regarding the scope and timing of work .
gao will meet with designated committees and members [about] the scope and timing of work .

The FCC responds to the concerns expressed in the comments , especially those comments from incumbent and potential users of the spectrum regarding the feasibility of spectrum sharing between the new unlicensed devices and incumbent and proposed primary services , in the Report and Order .
the fcc responds to the concerns expressed in the comments , especially those comments from incumbent and potential users of the spectrum [about] the feasibility of spectrum sharing between the new unlicensed devices and incumbent and proposed primary services , in the report and order .

Because pork production in Sonora is a relatively new development and because the United States has restricted the importation of swine and pork products for the last 20 years , APHIS bases its potential impact analysis on some assumptions regarding the level of pork production in Sonora in the future , the percentage of pork production that might be processed in Sonora for shipment to the United States , and the demand for pork in the United States .
because pork production in sonora is a relatively new development and because the united states has restricted the importation of swine and pork products for the last 20 years , aphis bases its potential impact analysis on some assumptions [about] the level of pork production in sonora in the future , the percentage of pork production that might be processed in sonora for shipment to the united states , and the demand for pork in the united states .

The preamble to the proposed rulemaking set forth the reasons for collecting the information and the burden estimates and solicited comments regarding the collection to be submitted to both the Departments and the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) .
the preamble to the proposed rulemaking set forth the reasons for collecting the information and the burden estimates and solicited comments [about] the collection to be submitted to both the departments and the office of management and budget ( omb ) .

L. 103-413 ) authorized the Departments to jointly promulgate regulations limited solely to self-determination contracts or the approval , award or declination of such contract regarding the Federal Tort Claims Act , the Contract Disputes Act , declination and waiver procedures , appeal procedures , reassumption procedures , discretionary grant procedures , property donation procedures , internal agency procedures relating to implementation of the Act , retrocession and tribal organization relinquishment procedures , contract proposal contents , conflicts of interest , construction , programmatic reports and data requirements , procurement standards , property management standards and financial management standards .
l. 103-413 ) authorized the departments to jointly promulgate regulations limited solely to self-determination contracts or the approval , award or declination of such contract [about] the federal tort claims act , the contract disputes act , declination and waiver procedures , appeal procedures , reassumption procedures , discretionary grant procedures , property donation procedures , internal agency procedures relating to implementation of the act , retrocession and tribal organization relinquishment procedures , contract proposal contents , conflicts of interest , construction , programmatic reports and data requirements , procurement standards , property management standards and financial management standards .

Regarding benefits , HHS discusses the use of the value of a statistical life as a quantifying benefit and the fact that , in the area of transplantation , the usefulness of such a measure is reduced because of the older average age of recipients and the substantial risk of either the graft or the patient not surviving .
[about] benefits , hhs discusses the use of the value of a statistical life as a quantifying benefit and the fact that , in the area of transplantation , the usefulness of such a measure is reduced because of the older average age of recipients and the substantial risk of either the graft or the patient not surviving .

In the preamble to the final rule , HHS discusses these comments and addresses some misconceptions certain commenters had regarding the role and relationship of the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network .
in the preamble to the final rule , hhs discusses these comments and addresses some misconceptions certain commenters had [about] the role and relationship of the organ procurement and transplantation network .

If you have any questions regarding this report , please call me at ( 202 ) 512-4841 .
if you have any questions [about] this report , please call me at ( 202 ) 512-4841 .

Where a statute or other mandate does not exist , auditors will find it useful to use GAGAS in work regarding the use of government funds .
where a statute or other mandate does not exist , auditors will find it useful to use gagas in work [about] the use of government funds .

AUDITOR COMMUNICATION 4.6 An additional standard related to auditor communication for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should communicate information regarding the nature of services and level of assurance provided to not only officials of the audited entity , but also to the individuals contracting for or requesting the audit services , and the audit committee or other equivalent oversight body .
auditor communication 4.6 an additional standard related to auditor communication for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should communicate information [about] the nature of services and level of assurance provided to not only officials of the audited entity , but also to the individuals contracting for or requesting the audit services , and the audit committee or other equivalent oversight body .

To reissue essentially the same report omitting the information regarding compliance with laws and regulations and internal control is not in the public interest .
to reissue essentially the same report omitting the information [about] compliance with laws and regulations and internal control is not in the public interest .

However , AICPA standards do not require that this communication be written , nor do they address communication regarding other noncompliance ( violations of other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements ) .
however , aicpa standards do not require that this communication be written , nor do they address communication [about] other noncompliance ( violations of other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements ) .

Auditors should also obtain the views of responsible officials of the audited entity regarding the findings and include this information in the report as appropriate .
auditors should also obtain the views of responsible officials of the audited entity [about] the findings and include this information in the report as appropriate .

The auditors should , when appropriate , consult with legal counsel regarding any requirements or other circumstances that may necessitate the omission of certain information .
the auditors should , when appropriate , consult with legal counsel [about] any requirements or other circumstances that may necessitate the omission of certain information .

Auditor Communication 6.5 An additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should communicate information to officials of the audited entity and the individual contracting for the audit services regarding the nature and extent of planned testing and reporting on the subject matter or assertion .
auditor communication 6.5 an additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should communicate information to officials of the audited entity and the individual contracting for the audit services [about] the nature and extent of planned testing and reporting on the subject matter or assertion .

Whatever the form of the communication , auditors should include audit documentation regarding the communication .
whatever the form of the communication , auditors should include audit documentation [about] the communication .

To reissue essentially the same report omitting the information regarding compliance with laws and regulations and internal control is not in the public interest .
to reissue essentially the same report omitting the information [about] compliance with laws and regulations and internal control is not in the public interest .

If auditors determine that internal controls over data which are significantly dependent upon computerized information systems are not effective or if auditors do not plan to test the effectiveness of such controls , auditors should include audit documentation regarding the basis for that conclusion by addressing ( 1 ) the reasons why the design or operation of the controls is ineffective , or ( 2 ) the reasons why it is inefficient to test the controls .
if auditors determine that internal controls over data which are significantly dependent upon computerized information systems are not effective or if auditors do not plan to test the effectiveness of such controls , auditors should include audit documentation [about] the basis for that conclusion by addressing ( 1 ) the reasons why the design or operation of the controls is ineffective , or ( 2 ) the reasons why it is inefficient to test the controls .

In such circumstances , auditors should also include audit documentation regarding their reasons for concluding that the planned audit procedures are effectively designed to achieve specific audit objectives .
in such circumstances , auditors should also include audit documentation [about] their reasons for concluding that the planned audit procedures are effectively designed to achieve specific audit objectives .

Condition : The audit report is improved when it provides evidence of what the auditors found regarding the actual situation .
condition : the audit report is improved when it provides evidence of what the auditors found [about] the actual situation .

Auditors should , when appropriate , consult with legal counsel regarding any requirements or other circumstances that may necessitate the omission of certain information .
auditors should , when appropriate , consult with legal counsel [about] any requirements or other circumstances that may necessitate the omission of certain information .

Office of the General Counsel B-271810.5 June 25 , 1996 The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Amendment to the Commission 's Rules Regarding a Plan for Sharing the Cost of Microwave Relocation , Report and Order and Further Notice of Proposed Rule Making Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission , entitled `` Amendment to the Commission 's Rules Regarding a Plan for Sharing the Cost of Microwave Relocation , First Report and Order and Further Notice of Proposed Rule Making '' ( WT Docket No .
office of the general counsel b-271810.5 june 25 , 1996 the honorable larry pressler chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : amendment to the commission 's rules [about] a plan for sharing the cost of microwave relocation , report and order and further notice of proposed rule making pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the federal communications commission , entitled `` amendment to the commission 's rules [about] a plan for sharing the cost of microwave relocation , first report and order and further notice of proposed rule making '' ( wt docket no .

GAO/OGC-96-14 Numerous comments were received regarding the proposed plan to convert microwave incumbents to secondary status when the relocation rules sunset in 2005 and thereafter , licensees would not be required to pay relocation costs after that date to such incumbents .
gao/ogc-96-14 numerous comments were received [about] the proposed plan to convert microwave incumbents to secondary status when the relocation rules sunset in 2005 and thereafter , licensees would not be required to pay relocation costs after that date to such incumbents .

Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as Internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .
initiatives that we suggested for the cio council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as internet use , identifying best practices [about] information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .

OMB , NIST , and agency responsibilities regarding information security were recently reemphasized in the Clinger-Cohen Act of 1996 , formerly named the Information Technology Management Reform Act of 1996 .
omb , nist , and agency responsibilities [about] information security were recently reemphasized in the clinger-cohen act of 1996 , formerly named the information technology management reform act of 1996 .

Such procedures provided a relatively quick and consistent means of exploring risk with business managers , selecting cost-effective controls , and documenting conclusions and business managers ' acceptance of final determinations regarding what controls were needed and what risks could be tolerated .
such procedures provided a relatively quick and consistent means of exploring risk with business managers , selecting cost-effective controls , and documenting conclusions and business managers ' acceptance of final determinations [about] what controls were needed and what risks could be tolerated .

In particular , no two groups were alike regarding the extent of support they received from other organizational units .
in particular , no two groups were alike [about] the extent of support they received from other organizational units .

Page 38 GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management also needed excellent communication skills if they were to effectively fulfill their roles as consultants and facilitators for business managers who were less technically expert regarding computers and telecommunications .
page 38 gao/aimd-98-68 information security management also needed excellent communication skills if they were to effectively fulfill their roles as consultants and facilitators for business managers who were less technically expert [about] computers and telecommunications .

As a result , her overarching philosophy regarding awareness efforts was that users who thoroughly understood the risks were better equipped to use good judgment when faced with a potential security breach .
as a result , her overarching philosophy [about] awareness efforts was that users who thoroughly understood the risks were better equipped to use good judgment when faced with a potential security breach .

Further , as discussed previously regarding risk assessment , actual reductions in risk can not be precisely quantified because sufficient data on risk factors are not available .
further , as discussed previously [about] risk assessment , actual reductions in risk can not be precisely quantified because sufficient data on risk factors are not available .

When weaknesses are discovered , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with existing policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts regarding the feasibility of implementing new policies or control techniques .
when weaknesses are discovered , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with existing policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts [about] the feasibility of implementing new policies or control techniques .

The preamble to the final rule contains the required information regarding the collection , including the reason and need for the information , the number of respondents , and an estimate of the annual burden hours which will be imposed .
the preamble to the final rule contains the required information [about] the collection , including the reason and need for the information , the number of respondents , and an estimate of the annual burden hours which will be imposed .

To fulfill the requirements of section 204 regarding providing an opportunity for input from State , local and tribal governments , a `` Federal-State-Relations Conference '' was held and the numerous comments received from these entities were considered and are discussed in the preamble and the final Regulatory Impact Analysis .
to fulfill the requirements of section 204 [about] providing an opportunity for input from state , local and tribal governments , a `` federal-state-relations conference '' was held and the numerous comments received from these entities were considered and are discussed in the preamble and the final regulatory impact analysis .

Prompted by financial crises and government corruption in some countries , questions have been raised regarding their effectiveness and roles in maintaining the health of the global finance and trade systems and resolving countries ' financial crises .
prompted by financial crises and government corruption in some countries , questions have been raised [about] their effectiveness and roles in maintaining the health of the global finance and trade systems and resolving countries ' financial crises .

The plan provides an opportunity to constructively manage a difficult process of change and uncertainty regarding critical national and international issues , now and in the future .
the plan provides an opportunity to constructively manage a difficult process of change and uncertainty [about] critical national and international issues , now and in the future .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-98-40 The preambles to the proposed rules contained the required information regarding the reasons for the collections , the parties affected , and the estimated annual burden hours .
page 2 gao/ogc-98-40 the preambles to the proposed rules contained the required information [about] the reasons for the collections , the parties affected , and the estimated annual burden hours .

In addition , as it did regarding the Year 2000 computing challenge , the Congress can play a key role by actively monitoring progress in meeting critical infrastructure protection goals , including improved information sharing , and by assisting in clarifying the way federal agencies may use sensitive information provided for critical infrastructure protection purposes .
in addition , as it did [about] the year 2000 computing challenge , the congress can play a key role by actively monitoring progress in meeting critical infrastructure protection goals , including improved information sharing , and by assisting in clarifying the way federal agencies may use sensitive information provided for critical infrastructure protection purposes .

Noting that information-sharing agreements can not cover every situation that may arise , one organization emphasized the importance of promoting an attitude of sensitivity to the concerns of others regarding disclosure of potentially confidential or damaging information .
noting that information-sharing agreements can not cover every situation that may arise , one organization emphasized the importance of promoting an attitude of sensitivity to the concerns of others [about] disclosure of potentially confidential or damaging information .

The Congress can play a key role in facilitating the information-sharing aspect of critical infrastructure protection , as it did regarding the Year 2000 computing challenge .
the congress can play a key role in facilitating the information-sharing aspect of critical infrastructure protection , as it did [about] the year 2000 computing challenge .

In 1998 , CDC officially announced the establishment of PulseNet , a national network of public health laboratories that helps epidemiologists rapidly identify clusters of foodborne illness and alerts others in the surrounding geographic area and throughout the country regarding a possible outbreak .
in 1998 , cdc officially announced the establishment of pulsenet , a national network of public health laboratories that helps epidemiologists rapidly identify clusters of foodborne illness and alerts others in the surrounding geographic area and throughout the country [about] a possible outbreak .

As such , the NCC is responsible for facilitating the exchange of information among government and industry participants regarding computer-based vulnerability , threat , and intrusion information affecting the telecommunications infrastructure .
as such , the ncc is responsible for facilitating the exchange of information among government and industry participants [about] computer-based vulnerability , threat , and intrusion information affecting the telecommunications infrastructure .

The preamble to the proposed rule contained an explanation of the need for the information , the burden estimates related to each portion of the rule , and requested comments be submitted to both the SEC and OMB regarding the information collections .
the preamble to the proposed rule contained an explanation of the need for the information , the burden estimates related to each portion of the rule , and requested comments be submitted to both the sec and omb [about] the information collections .

The use of these procedures regarding rules pertaining to nonroad engines or vehicles is mandated by section 307 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( R ) of the Clean Air Act .
the use of these procedures [about] rules pertaining to nonroad engines or vehicles is mandated by section 307 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( r ) of the clean air act .

Although GPEA focuses on electronic systems regarding information obtained from and provided to sources outside the government , it provides an additional impetus to agencies to seek further applications of paperless systems and use of electronic signatures .
although gpea focuses on electronic systems [about] information obtained from and provided to sources outside the government , it provides an additional impetus to agencies to seek further applications of paperless systems and use of electronic signatures .

To keep abreast of the changes , especially those in automation , we have revised this document to emphasize the attention that should remain regarding effective internal control in T & A systems .
to keep abreast of the changes , especially those in automation , we have revised this document to emphasize the attention that should remain [about] effective internal control in t & a systems .

GPEA requires agencies to comply with the guidance issued by OMB regarding automated systems that maintain electronic information as a substitute for paper and use of electronic signatures .
gpea requires agencies to comply with the guidance issued by omb [about] automated systems that maintain electronic information as a substitute for paper and use of electronic signatures .

The official must be aware of the responsibilities he or she is taking regarding the accuracy of the reports .
the official must be aware of the responsibilities he or she is taking [about] the accuracy of the reports .

This rule amends VA 's regulations regarding the award of compensation for disability resulting from hospitalization , treatment , examination , or vocational rehabilitation to reflect the Supreme Court 's interpretation of 38 U.S.C .
this rule amends va 's regulations [about] the award of compensation for disability resulting from hospitalization , treatment , examination , or vocational rehabilitation to reflect the supreme court 's interpretation of 38 u.s.c .

For further information regarding this statement , please contact J .
for further information [about] this statement , please contact j .

Office of the General Counsel B-276475.2 May 19 , 1997 The Honorable David McIntosh Chairman , Subcommittee on National Economic Growth , Natural Resources , and Regulatory Affairs Committee on Government Reform and Oversight House of Representatives Dear Mr. Chairman : This is in reply to your inquiry regarding our Office 's March 28 , 1997 , Congressional Review Act report on a major rule concerning the inspection and expedited removal of aliens issued by the Immigration and Naturalization Service ( INS ) and the Executive Office for Immigration Review of the Department of Justice ( GAO/OGC-97-32 ) .
office of the general counsel b-276475.2 may 19 , 1997 the honorable david mcintosh chairman , subcommittee on national economic growth , natural resources , and regulatory affairs committee on government reform and oversight house of representatives dear mr. chairman : this is in reply to your inquiry [about] our office 's march 28 , 1997 , congressional review act report on a major rule concerning the inspection and expedited removal of aliens issued by the immigration and naturalization service ( ins ) and the executive office for immigration review of the department of justice ( gao/ogc-97-32 ) .

The use of these procedures regarding rules pertaining to the promulgation or revision of regulations and test procedures for new motor vehicles or engines is mandated by section 307 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( K ) of the Clean Air Act .
the use of these procedures [about] rules pertaining to the promulgation or revision of regulations and test procedures for new motor vehicles or engines is mandated by section 307 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( k ) of the clean air act .

The rule prohibits the sale of nicotine-containing cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to individuals under the age of 18 ; requires manufacturers , distributors , and retailers to comply with various conditions regarding the sale and distribution of these products ; requires retailers to verify a purchaser 's age by photographic identification ; prohibits all free samples ; limits the distribution of these products through vending machines and self-service displays by permitting such methods of sale only in facilities where access by individuals under 18 is prohibited ; limits the advertising and labeling to which children and adolescents are exposed ; prohibits promotional , non-tobacco items such as hats and tee shirts ; prohibits sponsorship of GAO/OGC-96-38 sporting and other events , teams and entries in the brand name of tobacco products ; and requires manufacturers to provide intended use information on all cigarette and smokeless tobacco product labels and in cigarette advertising .
the rule prohibits the sale of nicotine-containing cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to individuals under the age of 18 ; requires manufacturers , distributors , and retailers to comply with various conditions [about] the sale and distribution of these products ; requires retailers to verify a purchaser 's age by photographic identification ; prohibits all free samples ; limits the distribution of these products through vending machines and self-service displays by permitting such methods of sale only in facilities where access by individuals under 18 is prohibited ; limits the advertising and labeling to which children and adolescents are exposed ; prohibits promotional , non-tobacco items such as hats and tee shirts ; prohibits sponsorship of gao/ogc-96-38 sporting and other events , teams and entries in the brand name of tobacco products ; and requires manufacturers to provide intended use information on all cigarette and smokeless tobacco product labels and in cigarette advertising .

The rule will become effective 1 year from the date of publication in the Federal Register except that the prohibition regarding sale to any person younger than 18 years of age and the requirement for photographic identification to verify the age of purchasers will become effective 6 months after publication .
the rule will become effective 1 year from the date of publication in the federal register except that the prohibition [about] sale to any person younger than 18 years of age and the requirement for photographic identification to verify the age of purchasers will become effective 6 months after publication .

Internal control should be designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention of or prompt detection of unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition of an agency 's assets .
internal control should be designed to provide reasonable assurance [about] prevention of or prompt detection of unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition of an agency 's assets .

The analysis also discusses in qualitative terms the benefits of the rule regarding human health , including the health effects for Native American subsistence fishermen and reduction of projected non-cancer effects and improvements in fish and wildlife habitat .
the analysis also discusses in qualitative terms the benefits of the rule [about] human health , including the health effects for native american subsistence fishermen and reduction of projected non-cancer effects and improvements in fish and wildlife habitat .

While EPA determined that the rule will not significantly or uniquely affect any state , local or tribal governments , EPA consulted with state and local air and water pollution control officials primarily regarding implementation issues .
while epa determined that the rule will not significantly or uniquely affect any state , local or tribal governments , epa consulted with state and local air and water pollution control officials primarily [about] implementation issues .

The preamble to the final rule contains the required information regarding the collections , including the legal basis and reason for the collections , the number of respondents , and an estimate of the annual burden hours .
the preamble to the final rule contains the required information [about] the collections , including the legal basis and reason for the collections , the number of respondents , and an estimate of the annual burden hours .

The FDA solicits comments on the information collections contained in the final rule until December 6 , 1996 , regarding the necessity of the collection , the estimate of the burden hours and ways to minimize the burden including electronic submission of responses .
the fda solicits comments on the information collections contained in the final rule until december 6 , 1996 , [about] the necessity of the collection , the estimate of the burden hours and ways to minimize the burden including electronic submission of responses .

However , regarding consultation with State , local and tribal governments , the FDA notes that there were two state government representatives who were members of the Good Manufacturing Practices Advisory Committee in 1995 which explored the need to revise the Current Good Manufacturing Practices regulation .
however , [about] consultation with state , local and tribal governments , the fda notes that there were two state government representatives who were members of the good manufacturing practices advisory committee in 1995 which explored the need to revise the current good manufacturing practices regulation .

Third , the Commission proposed to amend a Commission rule regarding packaging to clarify that the type of hearing aid compatibility referred to is electro-magnetic coil compatibility .
third , the commission proposed to amend a commission rule [about] packaging to clarify that the type of hearing aid compatibility referred to is electro-magnetic coil compatibility .

The Commission also amended its rule regarding packaging to clarify the type of hearing aid compatibility to which the rule refers .
the commission also amended its rule [about] packaging to clarify the type of hearing aid compatibility to which the rule refers .

The conceptual planning phase should therefore be the phase when the review of designs is most intense , with the primary focus upon ensuring the appropriateness , accuracy , and thoroughness of the owner 's expectations regarding facility performance , quality , cost , and schedule .
the conceptual planning phase should therefore be the phase when the review of designs is most intense , with the primary focus upon ensuring the appropriateness , accuracy , and thoroughness of the owner 's expectations [about] facility performance , quality , cost , and schedule .

If design review activity during the conceptual planning phase has resulted in a clear scope of work regarding the owner 's expectations , design reviews during the design phase are greatly simplified .
if design review activity during the conceptual planning phase has resulted in a clear scope of work [about] the owner 's expectations , design reviews during the design phase are greatly simplified .

Develop a scope of work that clearly and accurately defines the owner 's expectations regarding facility cost , schedule , performance , and quality .
develop a scope of work that clearly and accurately defines the owner 's expectations [about] facility cost , schedule , performance , and quality .

This testing of the marketplace may range from written or telephone contacts with knowledgeable federal and non-federal experts regarding similar or duplicate requirements and the results of any market test recently undertaken , to the more formal sources-sought announcements in pertinent publications ( e.g. , technical/scientific journals , the Commerce Business Daily ) , or solicitations for information or planning purposes .
this testing of the marketplace may range from written or telephone contacts with knowledgeable federal and non-federal experts [about] similar or duplicate requirements and the results of any market test recently undertaken , to the more formal sources-sought announcements in pertinent publications ( e.g. , technical/scientific journals , the commerce business daily ) , or solicitations for information or planning purposes .

The analysis also requests comments regarding the reporting and record-keeping requirements of the proposed rule .
the analysis also requests comments [about] the reporting and record-keeping requirements of the proposed rule .

In its 11th year , this annual survey gauges the views and attitudes of working and retired Americans regarding their preparations for and confidence about various aspects of retirement .
in its 11th year , this annual survey gauges the views and attitudes of working and retired americans [about] their preparations for and confidence about various aspects of retirement .

Contacts and Acknowledgement For further contacts regarding this testimony , please contact J. Christopher Mihm at ( 202 ) 512-8676 .
contacts and acknowledgement for further contacts [about] this testimony , please contact j. christopher mihm at ( 202 ) 512-8676 .

For information regarding GAO 's work on IRS modernization , please contact James R. White at ( 202 ) 512-9110 , and for information regarding GAO 's work on GSA , please contact Bernard L. Ungar at ( 202 ) 512-4232 .
for information [about] gao 's work on irs modernization , please contact james r. white at ( 202 ) 512-9110 , and for information [about] gao 's work on gsa , please contact bernard l. ungar at ( 202 ) 512-4232 .

OMB will make a decision regarding approval of this information collection between 30 and 60 days after publication in the Federal Register .
omb will make a decision [about] approval of this information collection between 30 and 60 days after publication in the federal register .

Office of the General Counsel B-272303.1 June 28 , 1996 The Honorable Alfonse M. D'Amato Chairman The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs United States Senate The Honorable James A. Leach Chairman The Honorable Henry B. Gonzalez Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking and Financial Services House of Representatives Subject : Amendments to Regulation X , the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act : Withdrawal of Employer/Employee and Computer Loan Origination Systems Exemptions ( FR-3638 ) ; and Policy Statements 1996-1 ( regarding computer loan origination systems ) ; 1996-2 ( regarding sham controlled business arrangements ) ; and 1996-3 ( rental of office space , lock-outs , and retaliation ) Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) entitled `` Amendments to Regulation X , the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act : Withdrawal of Employer/Employee and Computer Loan Origination Systems Exemptions ( FR-3638 ) ; and Policy Statements 1996-1 ( regarding computer loan origination systems ) ; 1996-2 ( regarding sham controlled business arrangements ) ; and 1996-3 ( rental of office space , lock-outs , and retaliation ) '' ( RIN : 2502-AG26 ) .
office of the general counsel b-272303.1 june 28 , 1996 the honorable alfonse m. d'amato chairman the honorable paul s. sarbanes ranking minority member committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs united states senate the honorable james a. leach chairman the honorable henry b. gonzalez ranking minority member committee on banking and financial services house of representatives subject : amendments to regulation x , the real estate settlement procedures act : withdrawal of employer/employee and computer loan origination systems exemptions ( fr-3638 ) ; and policy statements 1996-1 ( [about] computer loan origination systems ) ; 1996-2 ( [about] sham controlled business arrangements ) ; and 1996-3 ( rental of office space , lock-outs , and retaliation ) pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the department of housing and urban development ( hud ) entitled `` amendments to regulation x , the real estate settlement procedures act : withdrawal of employer/employee and computer loan origination systems exemptions ( fr-3638 ) ; and policy statements 1996-1 ( [about] computer loan origination systems ) ; 1996-2 ( [about] sham controlled business arrangements ) ; and 1996-3 ( rental of office space , lock-outs , and retaliation ) '' ( rin : 2502-ag26 ) .

Left to decide what part of the 1996 Act to strike as invalid , the court concluded that congressional intent regarding severability was unclear .
left to decide what part of the 1996 act to strike as invalid , the court concluded that congressional intent [about] severability was unclear .

It included `` State Planning Considerations '' designed to address requests for additional information regarding statewide goals , capacities , and approaches recipients should consider in their state planning processes .
it included `` state planning considerations '' designed to address requests for additional information [about] statewide goals , capacities , and approaches recipients should consider in their state planning processes .

It included `` State Planning Considerations '' designed to address requests for additional information regarding statewide goals , capacities , and approaches recipients should consider in their state planning processes .
it included `` state planning considerations '' designed to address requests for additional information [about] statewide goals , capacities , and approaches recipients should consider in their state planning processes .

It thus bans LSC-funded entities from participating on either side of litigation involving such statutes , from participating in rulemaking relating to the implementation of such legislation , and from lobbying Congress itself regarding any proposed changes to such legislation .
it thus bans lsc-funded entities from participating on either side of litigation involving such statutes , from participating in rulemaking relating to the implementation of such legislation , and from lobbying congress itself [about] any proposed changes to such legislation .

Brief for Respondents 16 ; accord , Goldberg v. Kelly , 397 U. S. 254 , 270 ( 1970 ) ( government not required to provide counsel at hearing regarding termination of welfare benefits ) .
brief for respondents 16 ; accord , goldberg v. kelly , 397 u. s. 254 , 270 ( 1970 ) ( government not required to provide counsel at hearing [about] termination of welfare benefits ) .

FOREWORD I am pleased to transmit the comments of the Legal Services Corporation ( `` LSC '' or `` Corporation '' ) Board of Directors ( `` Board '' ) regarding the Semiannual Report of LSC 's Office of Inspector General ( `` OIG '' ) for the six-month period of October 1 , 2000 through March 31 , 2001 .
foreword i am pleased to transmit the comments of the legal services corporation ( `` lsc '' or `` corporation '' ) board of directors ( `` board '' ) [about] the semiannual report of lsc 's office of inspector general ( `` oig '' ) for the six-month period of october 1 , 2000 through march 31 , 2001 .

LSC recipients are obligated to provide information to LSC under the applicable LSC statutes , regulations , grant terms , grant assurances , and other rules and provisions regarding the receipt and use of LSC funds .
lsc recipients are obligated to provide information to lsc under the applicable lsc statutes , regulations , grant terms , grant assurances , and other rules and provisions [about] the receipt and use of lsc funds .

Recipients and LSC will work together in good faith regarding issues of access to records that may contain information protected by rules of professional responsibility or the law on attorney-client privilege .
recipients and lsc will work together in good faith [about] issues of access to records that may contain information protected by rules of professional responsibility or the law on attorney-client privilege .

In describing these procedures , LSC does not in any way waive the statutory rights and obligations of LSC or LSC recipients regarding access to and review of LSC recipients ' records and information .
in describing these procedures , lsc does not in any way waive the statutory rights and obligations of lsc or lsc recipients [about] access to and review of lsc recipients ' records and information .

The Report of the Commission is based on a thorough analysis of the applicable statutory provisions , the extensive record compiled from the comments and testimony regarding the circumstances under which representation of eligible aliens occurs and the practices of legal services grantees relating to eligible aliens .
the report of the commission is based on a thorough analysis of the applicable statutory provisions , the extensive record compiled from the comments and testimony [about] the circumstances under which representation of eligible aliens occurs and the practices of legal services grantees relating to eligible aliens .

In addition , there has been no formal regulation or opinion of the General Counsel 's office regarding the specific scope of the presence requirement .
in addition , there has been no formal regulation or opinion of the general counsel 's office [about] the specific scope of the presence requirement .

Consideration of the immediate context in which the language appears raises further questions regarding the meaning of the presence requirement .
consideration of the immediate context in which the language appears raises further questions [about] the meaning of the presence requirement .

Because of the special representational issues regarding this category of eligible aliens , we will examine it in detail .
because of the special representational issues [about] this category of eligible aliens , we will examine it in detail .

A number of witnesses before the Commission testified regarding the importance of enforcing these rights to accomplish the core purposes of the H-2A statute .
a number of witnesses before the commission testified [about] the importance of enforcing these rights to accomplish the core purposes of the h-2a statute .

Testimony identified particular issues regarding agricultural workers who are permanent resident aliens and thus eligible for general representation .
testimony identified particular issues [about] agricultural workers who are permanent resident aliens and thus eligible for general representation .

Texas cases typically involve preliminary disputes regarding jurisdiction and venue before the case reaches the merits , and civil cases on the border move very slowly due to court congestion with alien and drug smuggling cases .
texas cases typically involve preliminary disputes [about] jurisdiction and venue before the case reaches the merits , and civil cases on the border move very slowly due to court congestion with alien and drug smuggling cases .

The USDOL reports that despite high violation rates in agriculture , farmworkers generally do not file complaints with USDOL due to their isolation , lack of knowledge regarding labor protections , and fear of government agencies .
the usdol reports that despite high violation rates in agriculture , farmworkers generally do not file complaints with usdol due to their isolation , lack of knowledge [about] labor protections , and fear of government agencies .

Consideration of the immediate context in which the language appears raises further questions regarding the meaning of the presence requirement .
consideration of the immediate context in which the language appears raises further questions [about] the meaning of the presence requirement .

All the comments made regarding limitations on LSC representation for H-2A workers focused on the restriction of the subject matter of such representation to claims arising from the worker 's employment contract.20 In adopting the H-2A provision in IRCA , Congress was aware that H-2A workers were allowed 20Representative Simpson , for example , stressed that `` [ t ] he legal services that will be availableto H-2 workers - and they are foreign nationals .
all the comments made [about] limitations on lsc representation for h-2a workers focused on the restriction of the subject matter of such representation to claims arising from the worker 's employment contract.20 in adopting the h-2a provision in irca , congress was aware that h-2a workers were allowed 20representative simpson , for example , stressed that `` [ t ] he legal services that will be availableto h-2 workers - and they are foreign nationals .

The legislative history of the 1996 revision contains no discussion of the `` present in the United States '' requirement and no indication that Congress sought to alter existing practice regarding the representation of aliens .
the legislative history of the 1996 revision contains no discussion of the `` present in the united states '' requirement and no indication that congress sought to alter existing practice [about] the representation of aliens .

Thus , the 1996 revision simply brought together in one place the pre-existing provisions regarding representation of aliens , and applied these restrictions to all funds of an LSC recipient .
thus , the 1996 revision simply brought together in one place the pre-existing provisions [about] representation of aliens , and applied these restrictions to all funds of an lsc recipient .

Among her many professional achievements , her work resulted in the revising of the U.S. Department of Labor 's standard of review regarding U.S. employment experience acquired by foreign nationals in the permanent resident process .
among her many professional achievements , her work resulted in the revising of the u.s. department of labor 's standard of review [about] u.s. employment experience acquired by foreign nationals in the permanent resident process .

Recognizing that valid questions have been raised regarding the accuracy and validity of the Case Service Reports ( CSR ) data that LSC 's grantees annually submit , LSC has committed itself to ensuring that reliable data is provided.14 The decrease in the number of closed cases for 1999 is , in large measure , the result of LSC 's new , more stringent reporting guidelines .
recognizing that valid questions have been raised [about] the accuracy and validity of the case service reports ( csr ) data that lsc 's grantees annually submit , lsc has committed itself to ensuring that reliable data is provided.14 the decrease in the number of closed cases for 1999 is , in large measure , the result of lsc 's new , more stringent reporting guidelines .

ILS currently has a 3-month sub-grant agreement with the Legal Services Program of Northern Indiana , Inc. ( LSPNI ) which previously received an LSC grant , in order to attempt to reach an agreement with LSPNI regarding transfer of staff and other assets from LSPNI to ILS .
ils currently has a 3-month sub-grant agreement with the legal services program of northern indiana , inc. ( lspni ) which previously received an lsc grant , in order to attempt to reach an agreement with lspni [about] transfer of staff and other assets from lspni to ils .

It recommended three broad strategies to address these issues : increasing the flow of information among the providers ; establishing formal collaborative arrangements in areas such as technology , planning and development , and substantive support and training ; and creation of a framework for more ongoing planning and system-wide decision-making regarding issues affecting the entire system , particularly with regard to substantive matters not being addressed .
it recommended three broad strategies to address these issues : increasing the flow of information among the providers ; establishing formal collaborative arrangements in areas such as technology , planning and development , and substantive support and training ; and creation of a framework for more ongoing planning and system-wide decision-making [about] issues affecting the entire system , particularly with regard to substantive matters not being addressed .

For LSC 's policies regarding internal review of configuration recommendations , see Legal Services Corporation Reconfiguration Review Process , September 21 , 2001 .
for lsc 's policies [about] internal review of configuration recommendations , see legal services corporation reconfiguration review process , september 21 , 2001 .

The Administrator , in consultation with the Secretary of Energy , must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors regarding , among other things : the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected EGUs and other sources to attain or maintain the national ambient air quality standards ; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such adjustment ; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected EGUs ; and the feasibility of attaining the limitations and any alternative limitations .
the administrator , in consultation with the secretary of energy , must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors [about] , among other things : the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected egus and other sources to attain or maintain the national ambient air quality standards ; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such adjustment ; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected egus ; and the feasibility of attaining the limitations and any alternative limitations .

Integration , advance knowledge , and certainty regarding environmental requirements will have even greater value over the coming decade as the electric power industry undergoes further structural changes .
integration , advance knowledge , and certainty [about] environmental requirements will have even greater value over the coming decade as the electric power industry undergoes further structural changes .

The current body of scientific knowledge does not provide information regarding atmospheric concentrations of CO2 or reduction levels necessary to prevent dangerous interference with the climate system .
the current body of scientific knowledge does not provide information [about] atmospheric concentrations of co2 or reduction levels necessary to prevent dangerous interference with the climate system .

Bush signed the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 , it revolutionized clean air policy regarding regional and national air pollution issues and drove environmental protection in new directions .
bush signed the clean air act amendments of 1990 , it revolutionized clean air policy [about] regional and national air pollution issues and drove environmental protection in new directions .

However , there are persistent and growing concerns regarding recovery of ecosystems and the risks that air pollution pose to human health .
however , there are persistent and growing concerns [about] recovery of ecosystems and the risks that air pollution pose to human health .

The two sets of estimates depicted in this table reflect alternative assumptions and analytical approaches regarding quantifying and evaluating the effects of airborne particles on public health .
the two sets of estimates depicted in this table reflect alternative assumptions and analytical approaches [about] quantifying and evaluating the effects of airborne particles on public health .

While there is no empirical evidence to support or reject hypotheses regarding wealth and observed WTP , WTP for additional life years by the elderly may in part reflect their wealth position vis a vis middle age respondents .
while there is no empirical evidence to support or reject hypotheses [about] wealth and observed wtp , wtp for additional life years by the elderly may in part reflect their wealth position vis a vis middle age respondents .

Sensitivity Analyses The Base Estimate is based on our current interpretation of the scientific and economic literature ; its judgments regarding the best available data , models , and modeling methodologies ; and the assumptions it considers most appropriate to adopt in the face of important uncertainties .
sensitivity analyses the base estimate is based on our current interpretation of the scientific and economic literature ; its judgments [about] the best available data , models , and modeling methodologies ; and the assumptions it considers most appropriate to adopt in the face of important uncertainties .

Nothing in this section shall be construed as requiring a change of any kind in any State law regulating electric utility rates and charges or affecting any State law regarding such State regulation or as limiting State regulation ( including any prudency review ) under such a State law .
nothing in this section shall be construed as requiring a change of any kind in any state law regulating electric utility rates and charges or affecting any state law [about] such state regulation or as limiting state regulation ( including any prudency review ) under such a state law .

Nothing in this section regarding compliance plans or in title V shall be construed as affecting allowances .
nothing in this section [about] compliance plans or in title v shall be construed as affecting allowances .

It does not purport to show the bearing , if any , this cost analysis might have on questions regarding the complex issue of the postal monopoly , which encompasses many issues beyond the scope of this paper .
it does not purport to show the bearing , if any , this cost analysis might have on questions [about] the complex issue of the postal monopoly , which encompasses many issues beyond the scope of this paper .

The first table is based on USPS assumptions regarding rates , costs , volumes , contingency and recovery of prior years ' losses .
the first table is based on usps assumptions [about] rates , costs , volumes , contingency and recovery of prior years ' losses .

To those who choose to be supercritical of the Commission regarding our recommendations in these areas , I hope you will consider that ratemaking generally involves a zero sum situation where one works against a revenue target .
to those who choose to be supercritical of the commission [about] our recommendations in these areas , i hope you will consider that ratemaking generally involves a zero sum situation where one works against a revenue target .

Regarding rates , § 3622 ( b ) ( 6 ) establishes `` the degree of preparation of mail for delivery into the postal system performed by the mailer and its effect upon reducing costs to the Postal Service '' as a factor to be considered in connection with a proposed change .
[about] rates , § 3622 ( b ) ( 6 ) establishes `` the degree of preparation of mail for delivery into the postal system performed by the mailer and its effect upon reducing costs to the postal service '' as a factor to be considered in connection with a proposed change .

Other commenters-including the Commission 's Office of Consumer Advocate-expressed doubts regarding the legal soundness of one or both of the proposed variants of such agreements .
other commenters-including the commission 's office of consumer advocate-expressed doubts [about] the legal soundness of one or both of the proposed variants of such agreements .

The Commission explained that its reluctance to pursue the concept of contract rates was based on substantial uncertainty regarding the legal sufficiency of examining agreed-upon rates after the fact , rather than in a prior review .
the commission explained that its reluctance to pursue the concept of contract rates was based on substantial uncertainty [about] the legal sufficiency of examining agreed-upon rates after the fact , rather than in a prior review .

In the Commission 's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking , it deferred consideration of the NSA proposal , citing legal uncertainty regarding the consistency of negotiated rates with the Reorganization Act 's 13 Docket No .
in the commission 's notice of proposed rulemaking , it deferred consideration of the nsa proposal , citing legal uncertainty [about] the consistency of negotiated rates with the reorganization act 's 13 docket no .

The interviewer also collects information about the household 's attitudes and responsiveness regarding mail.3 The data used in this analysis are mostly collected by the week-long diary of household mail .
the interviewer also collects information about the household 's attitudes and responsiveness [about] mail.3 the data used in this analysis are mostly collected by the week-long diary of household mail .

The story of dissension within al Qaeda regarding the 9/11 attacks is probably incomplete .
the story of dissension within al qaeda [about] the 9/11 attacks is probably incomplete .

The information regarding KSM was not captioned as a threat .
the information [about] ksm was not captioned as a threat .

A month later , a report from the source indicated that the information regarding KSM 's travel to the United States was current as of the summer of 1998 .
a month later , a report from the source indicated that the information [about] ksm 's travel to the united states was current as of the summer of 1998 .

See NSC memo , Clarke to CSG regarding that day 's CSG meeting , June 22 , 2001 ; NSC memo , Current U.S .
see nsc memo , clarke to csg [about] that day 's csg meeting , june 22 , 2001 ; nsc memo , current u.s .

The picture taker was in New York to obtain further information regarding his pending citizenship application .
the picture taker was in new york to obtain further information [about] his pending citizenship application .

The Deputy Director of Central Intelligence testified that the FBI information in the PDB was omitted from the SEIB because of concerns about protecting ongoing investigations , because the information had been received from the FBI only orally , and because there were no clear , established ground rules regarding SEIB contents .
the deputy director of central intelligence testified that the fbi information in the pdb was omitted from the seib because of concerns about protecting ongoing investigations , because the information had been received from the fbi only orally , and because there were no clear , established ground rules [about] seib contents .

It is also notable that virtually all the information regarding possible domestic threats came from human sources .
it is also notable that virtually all the information [about] possible domestic threats came from human sources .

The NSC staff 's Paul Kurtz wrote to then national security adviser Samuel Berger , `` We noted while there was no information regarding potential attacks in the U.S. they should inform their officers to remain vigilant . ''
the nsc staff 's paul kurtz wrote to then national security adviser samuel berger , `` we noted while there was no information [about] potential attacks in the u.s. they should inform their officers to remain vigilant . ''

For speculation regarding identities , see CIA cable , `` Photo of UBL Associate , '' Dec. 27 , 2000 .
for speculation [about] identities , see cia cable , `` photo of ubl associate , '' dec. 27 , 2000 .

For the reporting regarding Mihdhar and Hazmi , see CIA cable , Khalid 's passport , Jan. 4 , 2000 ; CIA cable , Mihdhar 's visa application , Jan. 5 , 2000 ; CIA cable , Hazmi entered U.S. , Mar .
for the reporting [about] mihdhar and hazmi , see cia cable , khalid 's passport , jan. 4 , 2000 ; cia cable , mihdhar 's visa application , jan. 5 , 2000 ; cia cable , hazmi entered u.s. , mar .

The publicity regarding Mihdhar and Hazmi might have had a similar effect because they could have been identified by the airlines and might have jeopardized the operation .
the publicity [about] mihdhar and hazmi might have had a similar effect because they could have been identified by the airlines and might have jeopardized the operation .

FBI electronic communication , Request OIPR permission to contact U.S. Attorney 's Office regarding Zacarias Moussaoui , Aug. 18 , 2001 .
fbi electronic communication , request oipr permission to contact u.s. attorney 's office [about] zacarias moussaoui , aug. 18 , 2001 .

For a detailed , step-by-step chronology of activities taken regarding Moussaoui prior to September 11 , see DOJ IG 9/11 Report , July 2 , 2004 , pp .
for a detailed , step-by-step chronology of activities taken [about] moussaoui prior to september 11 , see doj ig 9/11 report , july 2 , 2004 , pp .

FBI electronic communication , Request OIPR permission to contact U.S. Attorney 's Office regarding Zacarias Moussaoui , Aug. 18 , 2001 .
fbi electronic communication , request oipr permission to contact u.s. attorney 's office [about] zacarias moussaoui , aug. 18 , 2001 .

FBI electronic communication , Request to contact U.S. Attorney 's Office regarding Zacarias Moussaoui , Aug. 18 , 2001 .
fbi electronic communication , request to contact u.s. attorney 's office [about] zacarias moussaoui , aug. 18 , 2001 .

They were , therefore , more highly sensitized to the odd nature of Moussaoui 's actions and comments regarding flying .
they were , therefore , more highly sensitized to the odd nature of moussaoui 's actions and comments [about] flying .

Other data monitored by OEM 's Watch Command included Emergency Medical Service data regarding patterns of illness ( to spot a potential epidemic in its early stages ) , live video feeds from New York Harbor and city streets , and television news channels .
other data monitored by oem 's watch command included emergency medical service data [about] patterns of illness ( to spot a potential epidemic in its early stages ) , live video feeds from new york harbor and city streets , and television news channels .

Any conflicts regarding the issue of Command at these incidents will be resolved by OEM . ''
any conflicts [about] the issue of command at these incidents will be resolved by oem . ''

Between September 11 and September 21,2001 , EPA issued five press releases regarding air quality in Lower Manhattan .
between september 11 and september 21,2001 , epa issued five press releases [about] air quality in lower manhattan .

There were disputes between the EPA 's communications person and the White House coordinator regarding the press releases .
there were disputes between the epa 's communications person and the white house coordinator [about] the press releases .

Although Whitman told us she spoke with White House senior economic adviser Lawrence Lindsey regarding the need to get the financial markets open quickly , she denied he pressured her to declare the air was safe due to economic expediency .
although whitman told us she spoke with white house senior economic adviser lawrence lindsey [about] the need to get the financial markets open quickly , she denied he pressured her to declare the air was safe due to economic expediency .

The EPA and the White House therefore improvised and applied standards developed for other circumstances in order to make pronouncements regarding air safety , advising workers at Ground Zero to use protective gear and advising the general population that the air was safe .
the epa and the white house therefore improvised and applied standards developed for other circumstances in order to make pronouncements [about] air safety , advising workers at ground zero to use protective gear and advising the general population that the air was safe .

FBI electronic communication , Summary of Information Regarding Flights taken by Saudi Citizens Out of the U.S .
fbi electronic communication , summary of information [about] flights taken by saudi citizens out of the u.s .

We have not received any details regarding this plan .
we have not received any details [about] this plan .

As Norman Augustine , former chairman of Lockheed Martin Corporation , writes regarding power in the government , `` As in business , cash is king .
as norman augustine , former chairman of lockheed martin corporation , writes [about] power in the government , `` as in business , cash is king .

Regarding UBL 's access to his family 's fortune , see Rick Newcomb interview ( Feb. 4 , 2004 ) ; William Wechsler interview ( Jan. 7 , 2004 ) .
[about] ubl 's access to his family 's fortune , see rick newcomb interview ( feb. 4 , 2004 ) ; william wechsler interview ( jan. 7 , 2004 ) .

Regarding management of Bin Ladin 's finances , see CIA analytic report , `` Usama Bin Ladin : Al-Qa'ida 's Financial Facilitators , '' OTI IA 2001-134-HXC , Oct. 18 , 2001 ; CIA analytic report , '' Shaykh Sa'id : Al-Qa'ida 's Loyal Senior Accountant , '' CTC 2003-30072H , July 2 , 2003 ; Intelligence reports , interrogations of detainee , Sept. 17 , 1998 ; Aug. 4 , 1999 .
[about] management of bin ladin 's finances , see cia analytic report , `` usama bin ladin : al-qa'ida 's financial facilitators , '' oti ia 2001-134-hxc , oct. 18 , 2001 ; cia analytic report , '' shaykh sa'id : al-qa'ida 's loyal senior accountant , '' ctc 2003-30072h , july 2 , 2003 ; intelligence reports , interrogations of detainee , sept. 17 , 1998 ; aug. 4 , 1999 .

Although there have been suggestions of contacts between Iraq and al Qaeda regarding chemical weapons and explosives training , the most detailed information alleging such ties came from an al Qaeda operative who recanted much of his original information .
although there have been suggestions of contacts between iraq and al qaeda [about] chemical weapons and explosives training , the most detailed information alleging such ties came from an al qaeda operative who recanted much of his original information .

The analysis regarding the passage of FBI information was based on a review of the FAA 's Intelligence Case Files .
the analysis [about] the passage of fbi information was based on a review of the faa 's intelligence case files .

Regarding intelligence reports , the Daily Intelligence Summary ( DIS ) prepared by the FAA 's Office of Civil Aviation Intelligence was reviewed first by an assistant to Acting Deputy Administrator Belger , who would inform him of any information that she felt merited his attention .
[about] intelligence reports , the daily intelligence summary ( dis ) prepared by the faa 's office of civil aviation intelligence was reviewed first by an assistant to acting deputy administrator belger , who would inform him of any information that she felt merited his attention .

Regarding the intelligence unit , see Nicholas Grant interview ( May 26 , 2004 ) ; Claudio Manno interview ( Oct. 1 , 2003 ) ; Mike Canavan interview ( Nov. 4 , 2003 ) ; Alexander T. Wells , Commercial Aviation Safety ( McGraw-Hill , 2001 ) , p. 308 .
[about] the intelligence unit , see nicholas grant interview ( may 26 , 2004 ) ; claudio manno interview ( oct. 1 , 2003 ) ; mike canavan interview ( nov. 4 , 2003 ) ; alexander t. wells , commercial aviation safety ( mcgraw-hill , 2001 ) , p. 308 .

Regarding training , see FAA report , `` Air Carrier Standard Security Program , '' May 2001 .
[about] training , see faa report , `` air carrier standard security program , '' may 2001 .

Regarding the dissolution of the OSS and creation of the CIG , see Michael Warner , Central Intelligence : Origin and Evolution ( Center for the Study of Intelligence , 2001 ) ; Executive Order 9621 , `` Termination of the Office of Strategic Services and Disposition of its Functions , '' Sept. 20 , 1945 ; '' Presidential Directive on Coordination of Foreign Intelligence Activities , '' Jan. 22 , 1946 ( 11 Fed .
[about] the dissolution of the oss and creation of the cig , see michael warner , central intelligence : origin and evolution ( center for the study of intelligence , 2001 ) ; executive order 9621 , `` termination of the office of strategic services and disposition of its functions , '' sept. 20 , 1945 ; '' presidential directive on coordination of foreign intelligence activities , '' jan. 22 , 1946 ( 11 fed .

Regarding fears of creating a U.S. Gestapo , see Amy Zegart , Flawed by Design : The Evolution of the CIA , JCS and NSC ( Stanford Univ .
[about] fears of creating a u.s. gestapo , see amy zegart , flawed by design : the evolution of the cia , jcs and nsc ( stanford univ .

CIA memo , Walter to Acting DCI , '' Africa Division 's Recommendations Regarding Sudan , '' Dec. 17 , 1996 .
cia memo , walter to acting dci , '' africa division 's recommendations [about] sudan , '' dec. 17 , 1996 .

On `` Jeff 's '' views , see CIA memo , '' DCI Talking Points Regarding Operations Against Usama Bin Ladin , '' Aug. 25 , 1997 .
on `` jeff 's '' views , see cia memo , '' dci talking points [about] operations against usama bin ladin , '' aug. 25 , 1997 .

Rick Newcomb interview ( Feb. 4 , 2004 ) ; Treasury memo , Office of Foreign Asset Control to DOS , `` Draft Cable on Meeting with Two of UBL 's Brothers , '' May 19 , 2000 ; DOS cable , State 035243 , '' January 2000 Meeting Regarding UBL Finances , '' Feb. 27 , 2000 ; Frank G. interview ( Mar .
rick newcomb interview ( feb. 4 , 2004 ) ; treasury memo , office of foreign asset control to dos , `` draft cable on meeting with two of ubl 's brothers , '' may 19 , 2000 ; dos cable , state 035243 , '' january 2000 meeting [about] ubl finances , '' feb. 27 , 2000 ; frank g. interview ( mar .

Regarding the leak , see Mary C. interview ( Oct. 25 , 2003 ) ; Richard Taylor interview ( Dec. 10 , 2003 ) ; Don Kerr interview ( Sept. 9 , 2003 ) .
[about] the leak , see mary c. interview ( oct. 25 , 2003 ) ; richard taylor interview ( dec. 10 , 2003 ) ; don kerr interview ( sept. 9 , 2003 ) .

Primarily because of concern regarding potential discrimination and the impact on passenger throughput , `` selectees '' were no longer required to undergo extraordinary screening of their carry-on baggage as had been the case before the system was computerized in 1997.55 This policy change also reflected the perception that nonsuicide sabotage was the primary threat to civil aviation .
primarily because of concern [about] potential discrimination and the impact on passenger throughput , `` selectees '' were no longer required to undergo extraordinary screening of their carry-on baggage as had been the case before the system was computerized in 1997.55 this policy change also reflected the perception that nonsuicide sabotage was the primary threat to civil aviation .

Clarke was only to `` provide advice '' regarding budgets and to `` coordinate the development of interagency agreed guidelines '' for action .
clarke was only to `` provide advice '' [about] budgets and to `` coordinate the development of interagency agreed guidelines '' for action .

The principal with the most qualms regarding al Shifa was Attorney General Reno .
the principal with the most qualms [about] al shifa was attorney general reno .

Policymakers in the Clinton administration , including the President and his national security advisor , told us that the President 's intent regarding covert action against Bin Ladin was clear : he wanted him dead .
policymakers in the clinton administration , including the president and his national security advisor , told us that the president 's intent [about] covert action against bin ladin was clear : he wanted him dead .

During 2001 , Director of Central Intelligence GeorgeTenet was briefed regularly regarding threats and other operational information relating to Usama Bin Ladin .
during 2001 , director of central intelligence georgetenet was briefed regularly [about] threats and other operational information relating to usama bin ladin .

Attorney General John Ashcroft was briefed by the CIA on May 15 regarding al Qaeda generally and the current threat reporting specifically .
attorney general john ashcroft was briefed by the cia on may 15 [about] al qaeda generally and the current threat reporting specifically .

On July 2 , the FBI Counterterrorism Division sent a message to federal agencies and state and local law enforcement agencies summarizing information regarding threats from Bin Ladin .
on july 2 , the fbi counterterrorism division sent a message to federal agencies and state and local law enforcement agencies summarizing information [about] threats from bin ladin .

On July 18 , 2001 , the State Department provided a warning to the public regarding possible terrorist attacks in the Arabian Peninsula .
on july 18 , 2001 , the state department provided a warning to the public [about] possible terrorist attacks in the arabian peninsula .

Despite their large number , the threats received contained few specifics regarding time , place , method , or target .
despite their large number , the threats received contained few specifics [about] time , place , method , or target .

There is a dispute regarding Ashcroft 's interest in Pickard 's briefings about the terrorist threat situation .
there is a dispute [about] ashcroft 's interest in pickard 's briefings about the terrorist threat situation .

After reviewing those episodes we will turn to the handling of the Moussaoui case and some late leads regarding Khalid Sheikh Mohammed .
after reviewing those episodes we will turn to the handling of the moussaoui case and some late leads [about] khalid sheikh mohammed .

For interviews without simultaneous translation , the FBI agent on the scene received copies of the reports that the CIA disseminated to other agencies regarding the interviews .
for interviews without simultaneous translation , the fbi agent on the scene received copies of the reports that the cia disseminated to other agencies [about] the interviews .

It was there-in reporting to which FBI investigators did not have access-that information regarding the January 2001 identification of Khallad appeared .
it was there-in reporting to which fbi investigators did not have access-that information [about] the january 2001 identification of khallad appeared .

Recalling the episode about the Kuala Lumpur travel of Mihdhar and his associates , `` John '' searched the CIA 's databases for information regarding the travel .
recalling the episode about the kuala lumpur travel of mihdhar and his associates , `` john '' searched the cia 's databases for information [about] the travel .

The CIA official who reviewed the cables took no action regarding them .
the cia official who reviewed the cables took no action [about] them .

He told investigators that as a CIA analyst , he was not authorized to answer FBI questions regarding CIA information . ''
he told investigators that as a cia analyst , he was not authorized to answer fbi questions [about] cia information . ''

The agent also noted that Moussaoui became extremely agitated whenever he was questioned regarding his religious beliefs .
the agent also noted that moussaoui became extremely agitated whenever he was questioned [about] his religious beliefs .

On August 24 , the CIA also sent a cable to London and Paris regarding `` subjects involved in suspicious 747 flight training '' that described Moussaoui as a possible `` suicide hijacker . ''
on august 24 , the cia also sent a cable to london and paris [about] `` subjects involved in suspicious 747 flight training '' that described moussaoui as a possible `` suicide hijacker . ''

On September 4 , the FBI sent a teletype to the CIA , the FAA , the Customs Service , the State Department , the INS , and the Secret Service summarizing the known facts regarding Moussaoui .
on september 4 , the fbi sent a teletype to the cia , the faa , the customs service , the state department , the ins , and the secret service summarizing the known facts [about] moussaoui .

Khalid Sheikh Mohammed Another late opportunity was presented by a confluence of information regarding Khalid Sheikh Mohammed received by the intelligence community in the summer of 2001 .
khalid sheikh mohammed another late opportunity was presented by a confluence of information [about] khalid sheikh mohammed received by the intelligence community in the summer of 2001 .

The second piece of the puzzle was some alarming information regarding KSM .
the second piece of the puzzle was some alarming information [about] ksm .

On the same day , Deputy Secretary of State Armitage was called by Mahmud Ahmed regarding a two-day visit to Afghanistan during which the Pakistani intelligence chief had met with Mullah Omar and conveyed the U.S. demands .
on the same day , deputy secretary of state armitage was called by mahmud ahmed [about] a two-day visit to afghanistan during which the pakistani intelligence chief had met with mullah omar and conveyed the u.s. demands .

The next day , Wolfowitz renewed the argument , writing to Rumsfeld about the interest of Yousef 's co-conspirator in the 1995 Manila air plot in crashing an explosives-laden plane into CIA headquarters , and about information from a foreign government regarding Iraqis ' involvement in the attempted hijacking of a Gulf Air flight .
the next day , wolfowitz renewed the argument , writing to rumsfeld about the interest of yousef 's co-conspirator in the 1995 manila air plot in crashing an explosives-laden plane into cia headquarters , and about information from a foreign government [about] iraqis ' involvement in the attempted hijacking of a gulf air flight .

For the national intelligence agencies housed in the Defense Department , the secretary of defense must seek the DCI 's concurrence regarding the nomination of these directors , who are presidentially appointed .
for the national intelligence agencies housed in the defense department , the secretary of defense must seek the dci 's concurrence [about] the nomination of these directors , who are presidentially appointed .

Several weeks later , CIA officers in Kuala Lumpur prodded colleagues in Bangkok for additional information regarding the three travelers .
several weeks later , cia officers in kuala lumpur prodded colleagues in bangkok for additional information [about] the three travelers .

President Clinton told us that when he pulled Musharraf aside for a brief , one-on-one meeting , he pleaded with the general for help regarding Bin Ladin . ''
president clinton told us that when he pulled musharraf aside for a brief , one-on-one meeting , he pleaded with the general for help [about] bin ladin . ''

Regarding the Northern Alliance , they `` agreed to make no major commitment at this time . ''
[about] the northern alliance , they `` agreed to make no major commitment at this time . ''

Intelligence reports , interrogations of KSM , Aug. 18 , 2003 ; Jan. 9 , 2004 ; Feb. 24 , 2004 ( in which KSM also claims that while he was in Qatar in February 1995 , he and Yousef consulted by telephone regarding the cargo carrier plan , and Yousef proceeded with the operation despite KSM 's advice that he hide instead ) .
intelligence reports , interrogations of ksm , aug. 18 , 2003 ; jan. 9 , 2004 ; feb. 24 , 2004 ( in which ksm also claims that while he was in qatar in february 1995 , he and yousef consulted by telephone [about] the cargo carrier plan , and yousef proceeded with the operation despite ksm 's advice that he hide instead ) .

For KSM 's instructions regarding casing , see Intelligence report , interrogation of Khallad , July 31 , 2003 .
for ksm 's instructions [about] casing , see intelligence report , interrogation of khallad , july 31 , 2003 .

See also DOS cable , State 035243 , `` January 2000 Meeting Regarding UBL Finances , '' Feb. 27 , 2000 ; DOS cable , Riyadh 000475 , `` The Saudi Binladin Group : Builders to the King , '' Feb. 16,1999 ; Treasury memo , Office of Foreign Asset Control to DOS , Draft Cable on Meeting with Two of UBL 's Brothers , May 19 , 2000 ; Youssef M. Ibrahim , '' Saudis Strip Citizenship from Backers of Militants , '' New York Times , Apr .
see also dos cable , state 035243 , `` january 2000 meeting [about] ubl finances , '' feb. 27 , 2000 ; dos cable , riyadh 000475 , `` the saudi binladin group : builders to the king , '' feb. 16,1999 ; treasury memo , office of foreign asset control to dos , draft cable on meeting with two of ubl 's brothers , may 19 , 2000 ; youssef m. ibrahim , '' saudis strip citizenship from backers of militants , '' new york times , apr .

For the November 10 briefing , see CIA briefing materials , preliminary findings regarding the Cole attack for the Nov. 10 , 2000 , Small Group meeting , undated ( appears to be Nov. 10 , 2000 ) .
for the november 10 briefing , see cia briefing materials , preliminary findings [about] the cole attack for the nov. 10 , 2000 , small group meeting , undated ( appears to be nov. 10 , 2000 ) .

This was considered risky because the FISA Court of Review had never convened , and one of the judges had previously voiced skepticism regarding the constitutionality of the FISA statute .
this was considered risky because the fisa court of review had never convened , and one of the judges had previously voiced skepticism [about] the constitutionality of the fisa statute .

Demonstrating Atta and Shehhi 's uncertainty regarding flight schools , Atta emailed a New Hampshire school on June 5 , 2000 , see FBI report , `` Hijackers Timeline , '' Dec. 5 , 2003 ( citing 265A-NY-280350-302 , serial 3975 ) ; and inquired with a New Jersey school on June 22 , 2000 , see ibid .
demonstrating atta and shehhi 's uncertainty [about] flight schools , atta emailed a new hampshire school on june 5 , 2000 , see fbi report , `` hijackers timeline , '' dec. 5 , 2003 ( citing 265a-ny-280350-302 , serial 3975 ) ; and inquired with a new jersey school on june 22 , 2000 , see ibid .

Despite security problems at Logan ( see , e.g. , two local Fox 25 television investigative reports in February and April 2001 , and an email in August 2001 from a former FAA special agent to the agency 's leadership regarding his concerns about lax security at the airport ) , no evidence suggests that such issues entered into the terrorists ' targeting : they simply booked heavily fueled east-to-west transcontinental flights of the large Boeing aircraft they trained to fly that were scheduled to take off at nearly the same time .
despite security problems at logan ( see , e.g. , two local fox 25 television investigative reports in february and april 2001 , and an email in august 2001 from a former faa special agent to the agency 's leadership [about] his concerns about lax security at the airport ) , no evidence suggests that such issues entered into the terrorists ' targeting : they simply booked heavily fueled east-to-west transcontinental flights of the large boeing aircraft they trained to fly that were scheduled to take off at nearly the same time .

Regarding the claim of a bomb , see Michael Woodward interview ( Jan. 25 , 2004 ) .
[about] the claim of a bomb , see michael woodward interview ( jan. 25 , 2004 ) .

See DOS memo , Exchange of Notes Between Canada and the United States Regarding Extension of the NORAD Agreement , Mar .
see dos memo , exchange of notes between canada and the united states [about] extension of the norad agreement , mar .

We also reviewed a report regarding seismic observations on September 11 , 2001 , whose authors conclude that the impact time of United 93 was `` 10:06:05�5 ( EDT ) . ''
we also reviewed a report [about] seismic observations on september 11 , 2001 , whose authors conclude that the impact time of united 93 was `` 10:06:05�5 ( edt ) . ''

For communication regarding `` black smoke , '' see FAA memo , '' Full Transcript ; Aircraft Accident ; N591UA ( UAL93 ) Somerset , PA ; September 11 , 2001 , '' May 10 , 2002 , pp .
for communication [about] `` black smoke , '' see faa memo , '' full transcript ; aircraft accident ; n591ua ( ual93 ) somerset , pa ; september 11 , 2001 , '' may 10 , 2002 , pp .

These estimates are based on analysis of Boeing 757 maximum operating speed data , FAA and military radar data , and assumptions regarding how the airplane would be operated en route to the Washington , D.C. , area .
these estimates are based on analysis of boeing 757 maximum operating speed data , faa and military radar data , and assumptions [about] how the airplane would be operated en route to the washington , d.c. , area .

Right or wrong , it is simply a fact that American policy regarding the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and American actions in Iraq are dominant staples of popular commentary across the Arab and Muslim world .
right or wrong , it is simply a fact that american policy [about] the israeli-palestinian conflict and american actions in iraq are dominant staples of popular commentary across the arab and muslim world .

Concerns also remain regarding the screening and transport of checked bags and cargo .
concerns also remain [about] the screening and transport of checked bags and cargo .

Because of concerns regarding the shifting balance of power to the government , we think that a full and informed debate on the Patriot Act would be healthy .
because of concerns [about] the shifting balance of power to the government , we think that a full and informed debate on the patriot act would be healthy .

None of the checkpoint supervisors recalled the hijackers or reported anything suspicious regarding their screening .
none of the checkpoint supervisors recalled the hijackers or reported anything suspicious [about] their screening .

Despite the discussions about military assistance , no one from FAA headquarters requested military assistance regarding United 93 .
despite the discussions about military assistance , no one from faa headquarters requested military assistance [about] united 93 .

Despite this , however , the association of statins and cholesterol levels with activated α-secretase-mediated shedding of the APP ectodomain was unexpected and not readily explicable by existing knowledge regarding regulation of α-secretase activity .
despite this , however , the association of statins and cholesterol levels with activated α-secretase-mediated shedding of the app ectodomain was unexpected and not readily explicable by existing knowledge [about] regulation of α-secretase activity .

The debate has intensified since New York State Attorney General Elliot Spitzer filed suit against GlaxoSmithKline on June 2 , 2004 , alleging that the company was hiding data regarding the efficacy and safety of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in pediatric patients with depression [ 3 ] .
the debate has intensified since new york state attorney general elliot spitzer filed suit against glaxosmithkline on june 2 , 2004 , alleging that the company was hiding data [about] the efficacy and safety of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in pediatric patients with depression [ 3 ] .

Not-for-profit organizations that would like to partner with EDCTP have been left in the dark regarding whom to speak to at the organization .
not-for-profit organizations that would like to partner with edctp have been left in the dark [about] whom to speak to at the organization .

Looking Ahead Despite the limitations of multinational data and the broad brush approach used to interpret these data , there are some important lessons that emerge from this study regarding the population distribution of multiple CVD risk factors .
looking ahead despite the limitations of multinational data and the broad brush approach used to interpret these data , there are some important lessons that emerge from this study [about] the population distribution of multiple cvd risk factors .

Regarding the mechanisms of speciation , evidence for the role of divergent ecological selection in allopatric speciation is sparse , because this crucial topic has been unaccountably neglected until recently .
[about] the mechanisms of speciation , evidence for the role of divergent ecological selection in allopatric speciation is sparse , because this crucial topic has been unaccountably neglected until recently .

The public 's general lack of knowledge regarding patterns of health inequalities and their causes within societies further supports the need for the public release of such information .
the public 's general lack of knowledge [about] patterns of health inequalities and their causes within societies further supports the need for the public release of such information .

It is only with proper awareness of the natural history of the disease that one can make rational judgments regarding who needs treatment .
it is only with proper awareness of the natural history of the disease that one can make rational judgments [about] who needs treatment .

Survey Questionnaire The 104-item health-care professional survey included questions on respondent demographics ; practices regarding informed consent , testing , and disclosure ; treatment and care of patients with HIV/AIDS ; and attitudes and beliefs about treatment and care of patients with HIV/AIDS including informed consent , testing , and disclosure .
survey questionnaire the 104-item health-care professional survey included questions on respondent demographics ; practices [about] informed consent , testing , and disclosure ; treatment and care of patients with hiv/aids ; and attitudes and beliefs about treatment and care of patients with hiv/aids including informed consent , testing , and disclosure .

Attitudes and beliefs were assessed by a response of “ agree ” or “ disagree ” with statements regarding testing , treatment , and care of patients with HIV/AIDS .
attitudes and beliefs were assessed by a response of “ agree ” or “ disagree ” with statements [about] testing , treatment , and care of patients with hiv/aids .

The instruments were pilot tested among 20 participants in Lagos and suggestions regarding clarity and cultural appropriateness were incorporated .
the instruments were pilot tested among 20 participants in lagos and suggestions [about] clarity and cultural appropriateness were incorporated .

For those readers seeking an update on this challenging area , we would direct your attention to the Alzheimer Research Forum Web page ( http : //www.alzforum.org/new/detailprint.asp ? id=1135 ) , where you will find an excellent review of the literature as well as a series of evaluations of how our data fit into existing scenarios and models regarding cholesterol , statins , cerebral amyloidosis , and the cognitive failure of Alzheimer disease .
for those readers seeking an update on this challenging area , we would direct your attention to the alzheimer research forum web page ( http : //www.alzforum.org/new/detailprint.asp ? id=1135 ) , where you will find an excellent review of the literature as well as a series of evaluations of how our data fit into existing scenarios and models [about] cholesterol , statins , cerebral amyloidosis , and the cognitive failure of alzheimer disease .

The study addressed the potential for repeated interruptions of therapy to delay time to viral rebound as a primary outcome and analyzed secondary outcomes regarding study-defined safety criteria , viral suppression and resistance , and retention of immune reconstitution .
the study addressed the potential for repeated interruptions of therapy to delay time to viral rebound as a primary outcome and analyzed secondary outcomes [about] study-defined safety criteria , viral suppression and resistance , and retention of immune reconstitution .

Discussion Earlier reports on TI strategies in patients with chronic HIV infection include multiple pilot or single-arm study designs centered on the effects on viral control by comparison with pre-therapy periods , detection of resistance mutations without parallel follow-up of a continuously treated arm , and inclusion of variable criteria regarding viral resuppression before proceeding with repeated TIs [ 11,12,14,16 ] .
discussion earlier reports on ti strategies in patients with chronic hiv infection include multiple pilot or single-arm study designs centered on the effects on viral control by comparison with pre-therapy periods , detection of resistance mutations without parallel follow-up of a continuously treated arm , and inclusion of variable criteria [about] viral resuppression before proceeding with repeated tis [ 11,12,14,16 ] .

What seems clear is that STIs have no place outside controlled clinical trials and that questions regarding long-term safety remain unanswered .
what seems clear is that stis have no place outside controlled clinical trials and that questions [about] long-term safety remain unanswered .

Data presented here suggest that clinical decisions regarding the use of these agents in patients with lung adenocarcinomas might be improved in the future by pre-treatment mutational profiling of both EGFR and KRAS .
data presented here suggest that clinical decisions [about] the use of these agents in patients with lung adenocarcinomas might be improved in the future by pre-treatment mutational profiling of both egfr and kras .

In addition , we have been offering delivery of these apparently uncomplicated monochorionic twins at approximately 34 to 35 weeks ' gestation following antenatal corticosteroid administration and thorough counseling regarding the risks of expectant management versus elective preterm delivery .
in addition , we have been offering delivery of these apparently uncomplicated monochorionic twins at approximately 34 to 35 weeks ' gestation following antenatal corticosteroid administration and thorough counseling [about] the risks of expectant management versus elective preterm delivery .

Alternative assumptions regarding overall effectiveness in a prevention-centered response produce results that scale as expected , with reductions in annual incidence of 34 % to 64 % and reductions in annual mortality of 20 % to 42 % by 2020 .
alternative assumptions [about] overall effectiveness in a prevention-centered response produce results that scale as expected , with reductions in annual incidence of 34 % to 64 % and reductions in annual mortality of 20 % to 42 % by 2020 .

Arguments persist in the developing world regarding the forced opening of tobacco markets as a result of the Global Agreements on Tariffs and Trade .
arguments persist in the developing world [about] the forced opening of tobacco markets as a result of the global agreements on tariffs and trade .

Overall , 11 of 14 patients interrupted therapy for at least 12 mo , and these individuals were evaluated regarding the effect of treatment interruption on CD4+ T cell loss ( Figure 2B and 2C ) .
overall , 11 of 14 patients interrupted therapy for at least 12 mo , and these individuals were evaluated [about] the effect of treatment interruption on cd4+ t cell loss ( figure 2b and 2c ) .

The authors found little evidence regarding possible synergistic effects of the various treatments to support or refute the concomitant use of combinations of drugs .
the authors found little evidence [about] possible synergistic effects of the various treatments to support or refute the concomitant use of combinations of drugs .

As a tech-savvy non-physician intimately familiar with both the inner workings of medical care and the power of information technology systems to create effective online communities , John Lester was less proprietary than most physicians are about medicine 's proper professional “ turf. ” He was also less inhibited by professional biases regarding the potential value of the medical contributions that “ unqualified ” individuals might make .
as a tech-savvy non-physician intimately familiar with both the inner workings of medical care and the power of information technology systems to create effective online communities , john lester was less proprietary than most physicians are about medicine 's proper professional “ turf. ” he was also less inhibited by professional biases [about] the potential value of the medical contributions that “ unqualified ” individuals might make .

Further complicating analysis of the impact of childhood and adult socioeconomic position on health are choices regarding the socioeconomic measure ( s ) employed [ 16â€ “ 18 ] .
further complicating analysis of the impact of childhood and adult socioeconomic position on health are choices [about] the socioeconomic measure ( s ) employed [ 16â€ “ 18 ] .

Regarding the magnitude of health disparities among monozygotic twins discordant on adult socioeconomic position , for the analyses using data on adult occupational class ( Tables 3 and 4 ) , the WC twin had significantly higher systolic blood pressure ( mean matched difference = 4.54 mm Hg ; 95 % CI , 0.10â€ “ 8.97 ) , diastolic blood pressure ( mean matched difference = 3.80 mm Hg ; 95 % CI , 0.44â€ “ 7.17 ) , and LDL cholesterol than her NWC twin ( mean matched difference = 7.82 mg/dl [ amount Ã— 0.0259 = mmol/l ] ; 95 % CI , 1.07â€ “ 14.57 ) .
[about] the magnitude of health disparities among monozygotic twins discordant on adult socioeconomic position , for the analyses using data on adult occupational class ( tables 3 and 4 ) , the wc twin had significantly higher systolic blood pressure ( mean matched difference = 4.54 mm hg ; 95 % ci , 0.10â€ “ 8.97 ) , diastolic blood pressure ( mean matched difference = 3.80 mm hg ; 95 % ci , 0.44â€ “ 7.17 ) , and ldl cholesterol than her nwc twin ( mean matched difference = 7.82 mg/dl [ amount ã— 0.0259 = mmol/l ] ; 95 % ci , 1.07â€ “ 14.57 ) .

Second , regarding the variability in health outcomes among twin pairs in relation to their adult socioeconomic position , the mean matched absolute difference was similar among both monozygotic twins who were discordant and concordant on occupational class , and also was similar among dizygotic twins discordant and concordant on occupational class ( Tables 3 and 4 ) .
second , [about] the variability in health outcomes among twin pairs in relation to their adult socioeconomic position , the mean matched absolute difference was similar among both monozygotic twins who were discordant and concordant on occupational class , and also was similar among dizygotic twins discordant and concordant on occupational class ( tables 3 and 4 ) .

Amazingly , no difference was found between the two strains regarding the production of autoantibodies , clearly eliminating Apcs deficiency as a mechanism for this autoimmune process .
amazingly , no difference was found between the two strains [about] the production of autoantibodies , clearly eliminating apcs deficiency as a mechanism for this autoimmune process .

Obligate mutualists also experience genetic conflicts with the host regarding transmission mode and number .
obligate mutualists also experience genetic conflicts with the host [about] transmission mode and number .

Community representatives would need to be involved in the review and approval of such trials , and ethical standards would need to be established regarding , for example , the role of data safety and monitoring boards .
community representatives would need to be involved in the review and approval of such trials , and ethical standards would need to be established [about] , for example , the role of data safety and monitoring boards .

There has been progress on several fronts , but particularly regarding the molecular genetics of this complex disorder of mind and brain .
there has been progress on several fronts , but particularly [about] the molecular genetics of this complex disorder of mind and brain .

We were disappointed to find that the editorial perspective written by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) ethicists regarding our paper [ 2 ] was based upon a substantial misunderstanding of our novel quantitative analyses and our important results .
we were disappointed to find that the editorial perspective written by the world health organization ( who ) ethicists [about] our paper [ 2 ] was based upon a substantial misunderstanding of our novel quantitative analyses and our important results .

They stated that “ Wilson and Blower developed a mathematical model that could inform policy-makers ' decisions regarding the optimal distribution of treatment sites to ensure equal access by all individuals infected with HIV. ” However , our model does not determine the optimal distribution of treatment sites .
they stated that “ wilson and blower developed a mathematical model that could inform policy-makers ' decisions [about] the optimal distribution of treatment sites to ensure equal access by all individuals infected with hiv. ” however , our model does not determine the optimal distribution of treatment sites .

As we clearly state in our paper [ 1 ] ( and is also stated in the synopsis [ 3 ] ) , we developed a model that policy makers can use to make decisions regarding how to achieve the optimal allocation of scarce antiretrovirals among the available health-care facilities ( HCFs ) if the objective is to ensure treatment equity .
as we clearly state in our paper [ 1 ] ( and is also stated in the synopsis [ 3 ] ) , we developed a model that policy makers can use to make decisions [about] how to achieve the optimal allocation of scarce antiretrovirals among the available health-care facilities ( hcfs ) if the objective is to ensure treatment equity .

National data are limited regarding recent changes in statin use .
national data are limited [about] recent changes in statin use .

In addition , lifestyle counseling ( i.e. , regarding diet , exercise , or smoking cessation ) occurred in only 43 % ( 32 % –53 % ) of new and general medical examination visits in 2002 for patients who had moderate CHD risk and were diagnosed with hyperlipidemia .
in addition , lifestyle counseling ( i.e. , [about] diet , exercise , or smoking cessation ) occurred in only 43 % ( 32 % –53 % ) of new and general medical examination visits in 2002 for patients who had moderate chd risk and were diagnosed with hyperlipidemia .

Dialogue with representatives of the city and other civic and community organizations regarding the IMA 's development of the Art & Nature Park continues .
dialogue with representatives of the city and other civic and community organizations [about] the ima 's development of the art & nature park continues .

Information regarding inadequate classrooms , moot court facilities , offices , the library and support service areas follow the above paragraphs .
information [about] inadequate classrooms , moot court facilities , offices , the library and support service areas follow the above paragraphs .

The current recession and political concerns regarding taxation make increased legislative appropriations unlikely .
the current recession and political concerns [about] taxation make increased legislative appropriations unlikely .

Although research is beginning to provide answers regarding factors that may increase the risk for SIDS and suggest actions parents can take to reduce the risks , these measures will not save all babies .
although research is beginning to provide answers [about] factors that may increase the risk for sids and suggest actions parents can take to reduce the risks , these measures will not save all babies .

McCoy invites the support of The __ Company Foundation in the amount of $ 10,000.00 to support such activities as : -- -- the co-ordination of youth leadership training and youth empowerment efforts at the neighborhood level by means of neighborhood-based youth councils ; -- -- the promotion of youth employment opportunities ; -- -- the facilitation of ongoing discussions regarding effective and efficient youth service delivery ; -- -- the provision of technical assistance and guidance to neighborhoods which seek positive youth-adult relationships ; -- -- the development of community-wide supports for the positive growth of all Marion County young people .
mccoy invites the support of the __ company foundation in the amount of $ 10,000.00 to support such activities as : -- -- the co-ordination of youth leadership training and youth empowerment efforts at the neighborhood level by means of neighborhood-based youth councils ; -- -- the promotion of youth employment opportunities ; -- -- the facilitation of ongoing discussions [about] effective and efficient youth service delivery ; -- -- the provision of technical assistance and guidance to neighborhoods which seek positive youth-adult relationships ; -- -- the development of community-wide supports for the positive growth of all marion county young people .

Barry smith , IUSD Director of Development , will contact you regarding the bench when your form is received .
barry smith , iusd director of development , will contact you [about] the bench when your form is received .

Dialogue with representatives of the city and other civic and community organizations regarding the IMA 's development of the Art & Nature Park continues .
dialogue with representatives of the city and other civic and community organizations [about] the ima 's development of the art & nature park continues .

You may recall from my earlier letter regarding our 50th reunion that a room in the Union Building has been reserved for our use following the banquet on Friday .
you may recall from my earlier letter [about] our 50th reunion that a room in the union building has been reserved for our use following the banquet on friday .

You know , you butch thing , many cosmologists posit different levels of universes , hoping thereby to answer questions regarding the seeming uniqueness of our own .
you know , you butch thing , many cosmologists posit different levels of universes , hoping thereby to answer questions [about] the seeming uniqueness of our own .

Our confusion when this bad was not remedied was relieved through the Communist Manifesto , made immediate and then strategic by the Vietnamese and Che , but still uneducated and heedless regarding our close-to-home contradictions of women 's oppression and sexualities .
our confusion when this bad was not remedied was relieved through the communist manifesto , made immediate and then strategic by the vietnamese and che , but still uneducated and heedless [about] our close-to-home contradictions of women 's oppression and sexualities .

The unhindered egress of his excreta permitted Ambrose a moment of reflection regarding the toilet as the biological altar where-not unlike the deep connection with Nature inherited from his Native American forebears -- through autonomic muscular contractions and flexions of the organism , one performed the ritual of self-worship in which the very alimentary-eliminative tubular configuration of the human body was experienced most to resemble that of other animals -- fundamentally .
the unhindered egress of his excreta permitted ambrose a moment of reflection [about] the toilet as the biological altar where-not unlike the deep connection with nature inherited from his native american forebears -- through autonomic muscular contractions and flexions of the organism , one performed the ritual of self-worship in which the very alimentary-eliminative tubular configuration of the human body was experienced most to resemble that of other animals -- fundamentally .

One of the Sirenians , who have been expecting this ploy regarding trans-oceanic shipment , hastens to say , Sirenian : `` Oh no , honored child of the eastern sea dragons , we will undertake the shipping .
one of the sirenians , who have been expecting this ploy [about] trans-oceanic shipment , hastens to say , sirenian : `` oh no , honored child of the eastern sea dragons , we will undertake the shipping .

I have decided to invest in human minds , culminating around the 6th Century BCE , a set of realizations regarding being and otherness , which should usher in a golden age of tranquility and cooperation for the next 10,000 years .
i have decided to invest in human minds , culminating around the 6th century bce , a set of realizations [about] being and otherness , which should usher in a golden age of tranquility and cooperation for the next 10,000 years .

Merle has made no published comment on these views ; his is a more Schopenhauer-like compassionate pessimism regarding human affairs .
merle has made no published comment on these views ; his is a more schopenhauer-like compassionate pessimism [about] human affairs .

Much debate has ensued over the years regarding clitoridectomy and female genital cutting .
much debate has ensued over the years [about] clitoridectomy and female genital cutting .

The New York Times leads with President Clinton 's announcement ( or admission ) that the administration 's `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy regarding homosexuals in the military is n't working .
the new york times leads with president clinton 's announcement ( or admission ) that the administration 's `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy [about] homosexuals in the military is n't working .

The top non-local story at the Los Angeles Times is one that led the NYT yesterday : the Surgeon General 's report regarding the surprising prevalence of mental disorders in the U.S. and the alarmingly low rate of treatment .
the top non-local story at the los angeles times is one that led the nyt yesterday : the surgeon general 's report [about] the surprising prevalence of mental disorders in the u.s. and the alarmingly low rate of treatment .

The papers also say the two parties have arrived at compromises regarding the Palestinian National Covenant ( which currently calls for the destruction of Israel ) , the arrest of suspects wanted in Israel and the release of Palestinians from Israeli jails , but that the issue of whether or not Arafat might declare the territory he administers an independent state still remained a sore point .
the papers also say the two parties have arrived at compromises [about] the palestinian national covenant ( which currently calls for the destruction of israel ) , the arrest of suspects wanted in israel and the release of palestinians from israeli jails , but that the issue of whether or not arafat might declare the territory he administers an independent state still remained a sore point .

Both the NYT and LAT fronts do `` man-in-the-street '' stories about public sentiment regarding impeachment .
both the nyt and lat fronts do `` man-in-the-street '' stories about public sentiment [about] impeachment .

The NYT lead says that before CIA director George Tenet took his stand regarding Pollard , President Clinton was seriously considering releasing him .
the nyt lead says that before cia director george tenet took his stand [about] pollard , president clinton was seriously considering releasing him .

The papers continue to track the hardening of the U.N./NATO position regarding Yugoslavia .
the papers continue to track the hardening of the u.n./nato position [about] yugoslavia .

Plusses of the new ad medium : It 's excellent for start-ups , where on-line commerce is often stressed , and on-line sites seem more accommodating to advertisers than print or broadcast , especially regarding old-line church-and-state issues about blurring the line between editorial and advertising content .
plusses of the new ad medium : it 's excellent for start-ups , where on-line commerce is often stressed , and on-line sites seem more accommodating to advertisers than print or broadcast , especially [about] old-line church-and-state issues about blurring the line between editorial and advertising content .

Perhaps coincidentally , when the L.A. Times set about calculating how much it had netted off the Staples Center issue , it found that after making extremely complex estimates regarding the use of staffers ' time , the Staples Center 's agreed-upon 50 percent share was ... $ 300,000 .
perhaps coincidentally , when the l.a. times set about calculating how much it had netted off the staples center issue , it found that after making extremely complex estimates [about] the use of staffers ' time , the staples center 's agreed-upon 50 percent share was ... $ 300,000 .

This just in ( via e-mail ) regarding George W. Bush 's smirk from the University of North Carolina 's John Shelton Reed , who co-edits Southern Cultures magazine :
this just in ( via e-mail ) [about] george w. bush 's smirk from the university of north carolina 's john shelton reed , who co-edits southern cultures magazine :

Regarding your ideas about other avenues that The Green Mile could have explored : Yes , yours would be a better , braver , picture .
[about] your ideas about other avenues that the green mile could have explored : yes , yours would be a better , braver , picture .

The Los Angeles Times ran a long takeout regarding the putative Y2K gyp .
the los angeles times ran a long takeout [about] the putative y2k gyp .

Perhaps you backed down a bit too quickly with Mike regarding the `` '' silliness .
perhaps you backed down a bit too quickly with mike [about] the `` '' silliness .

Alas , there is no etiquette , per se , regarding cell phones , though some high-end restaurants have tagged them verboten .
alas , there is no etiquette , per se , [about] cell phones , though some high-end restaurants have tagged them verboten .

I have no idea whom to turn to regarding this problem , and I am not sure if even you would know the answer to this question .
i have no idea whom to turn to [about] this problem , and i am not sure if even you would know the answer to this question .

Leadership ability is an issue for the electorate , which has spoken on two occasions regarding Clinton and which will speak again in two years ( through votes , not polls ) .
leadership ability is an issue for the electorate , which has spoken on two occasions [about] clinton and which will speak again in two years ( through votes , not polls ) .

There are hints on those tapes that we are doing Monica an injustice in regarding her as a vacuous vixen .
there are hints on those tapes that we are doing monica an injustice in [about] her as a vacuous vixen .

Beyond the Family 's jolly facade , ER endured a lifelong sense of exclusion that represented for her an ongoing humiliation regarding FDR 's domain .
beyond the family 's jolly facade , er endured a lifelong sense of exclusion that represented for her an ongoing humiliation [about] fdr 's domain .

The only real difference between the two accounts is that the LAT stresses remaining strains in the relationship a bit more , noting this in the big type of its headline , and also mentions the spurning of Albright 's requests for renewed visits to China by U.S. naval vessels and for resuming talks regarding the nonproliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
the only real difference between the two accounts is that the lat stresses remaining strains in the relationship a bit more , noting this in the big type of its headline , and also mentions the spurning of albright 's requests for renewed visits to china by u.s. naval vessels and for resuming talks [about] the nonproliferation of weapons of mass destruction .

This is not the standard newspaper practice regarding riots .
this is not the standard newspaper practice [about] riots .

Regarding Jonathan Rauch 's `` Reich Redux '' -- of course all refined Washington , D.C. , hostesses know that mint jelly is not a sauce but a jelly .
[about] jonathan rauch 's `` reich redux '' -- of course all refined washington , d.c. , hostesses know that mint jelly is not a sauce but a jelly .

Regarding Franklin Foer 's `` Gist '' on Sylvia Plath and Ted Hughes : What has n't quite been picked up by reviewers and critics is the extent to which Hughes ' rewriting of Plath in Birthday Letters -- even the less allusive poems -- takes on the voice of its subject .
[about] franklin foer 's `` gist '' on sylvia plath and ted hughes : what has n't quite been picked up by reviewers and critics is the extent to which hughes ' rewriting of plath in birthday letters -- even the less allusive poems -- takes on the voice of its subject .

Regarding Jodie T. Allen 's `` Living in a Second-Best World '' : Five years ago , I paid between 20 cents and 40 cents a minute for long-distance service , depending on the time of day .
[about] jodie t. allen 's `` living in a second-best world '' : five years ago , i paid between 20 cents and 40 cents a minute for long-distance service , depending on the time of day .

Regarding Michael Kinsley 's `` Readme '' about the Internet and its links to depression : Maybe people who use the Internet a lot get depressed because the Internet is just more interesting than their regular lives .
[about] michael kinsley 's `` readme '' about the internet and its links to depression : maybe people who use the internet a lot get depressed because the internet is just more interesting than their regular lives .

Regarding `` Onward , Christian Clothiers '' : I often wonder if the peddlers of religious schlock have actually read any Scripture beyond the gory `` here 's hell in your face '' passages .
[about] `` onward , christian clothiers '' : i often wonder if the peddlers of religious schlock have actually read any scripture beyond the gory `` here 's hell in your face '' passages .

Some notes regarding the Katha Pollitt-Andrew Sullivan dialogue in `` The Book Club '' about my new anthology Unauthorized Freud : Doubters Confront a Legend :
some notes [about] the katha pollitt-andrew sullivan dialogue in `` the book club '' about my new anthology unauthorized freud : doubters confront a legend :

I very much miss the quirkiness you speak of regarding The New Yorker ( `` Assessment '' ) .
i very much miss the quirkiness you speak of [about] the new yorker ( `` assessment '' ) .

Unlike McIntyre 's un-PC example regarding blindness , marriage is a choice ; for some , taxes will feature in a decision to get married .
unlike mcintyre 's un-pc example [about] blindness , marriage is a choice ; for some , taxes will feature in a decision to get married .

Regarding the May 21 `` Today 's Papers '' : If Richard Nixon 's `` but it would be wrong '' is really the classic example of what Safire calls `` tickling the wire , '' how do you explain the fact that no hush money was raised or paid as a result of the March 1973 Watergate-era tape to which you refer ?
[about] the may 21 `` today 's papers '' : if richard nixon 's `` but it would be wrong '' is really the classic example of what safire calls `` tickling the wire , '' how do you explain the fact that no hush money was raised or paid as a result of the march 1973 watergate-era tape to which you refer ?

About the following item in the July 16 `` Today 's Papers '' : `` USAT runs a completely positive account of the productive and powerful partnership that has developed between Hillary Clinton and Madeleine Albright , especially regarding international women 's issues such as the handling of rape charges at the Rwanda War Crimes Tribunal , and clamping down on the international prostitution trade .
about the following item in the july 16 `` today 's papers '' : `` usat runs a completely positive account of the productive and powerful partnership that has developed between hillary clinton and madeleine albright , especially [about] international women 's issues such as the handling of rape charges at the rwanda war crimes tribunal , and clamping down on the international prostitution trade .

The discussion of Faulkner 's The Sound and the Fury wrapped up with a lively exchange about Faulkner 's continuing relevance -- particularly regarding race .
the discussion of faulkner 's the sound and the fury wrapped up with a lively exchange about faulkner 's continuing relevance -- particularly [about] race .

Regarding the dialogue between Susan Estrich and David Brooks in `` The Breakfast Table '' ( June 22 ) : I know that I ca n't have a beer with a friend in a public bar in Washington without being accused of impropriety by one of President Clinton 's ever-watchful partisans .
[about] the dialogue between susan estrich and david brooks in `` the breakfast table '' ( june 22 ) : i know that i ca n't have a beer with a friend in a public bar in washington without being accused of impropriety by one of president clinton 's ever-watchful partisans .

Regarding the June 29 `` Millionerds '' column on white boards , Michael Lewis writes , `` I have now seen many hundreds of these boards , bearing the remnants of some recent group meeting , and I can not recall ever seeing anything on them remotely resembling a thought . ''
[about] the june 29 `` millionerds '' column on white boards , michael lewis writes , `` i have now seen many hundreds of these boards , bearing the remnants of some recent group meeting , and i can not recall ever seeing anything on them remotely resembling a thought . ''

Regarding Michael Lewis ' comments in `` Millionerds '' about programmers ' use of `` so '' : It 's a California programmer thing , not a programmer thing .
[about] michael lewis ' comments in `` millionerds '' about programmers ' use of `` so '' : it 's a california programmer thing , not a programmer thing .

While you write eloquently regarding your controlled drug use in Seth Stevenson 's `` High and Mighty , '' many other less fortunate persons are either dead or not in a position within our society to be heard .
while you write eloquently [about] your controlled drug use in seth stevenson 's `` high and mighty , '' many other less fortunate persons are either dead or not in a position within our society to be heard .

Others have charged that the president 's contrition regarding the U.S. failure to prevent genocide in Rwanda in 1994 was cheap and hypocritical , since it was a considered decision , not ( as he implied ) some kind of oversight , and there is no reason to suppose the United States will decide differently if it happens again .
others have charged that the president 's contrition [about] the u.s. failure to prevent genocide in rwanda in 1994 was cheap and hypocritical , since it was a considered decision , not ( as he implied ) some kind of oversight , and there is no reason to suppose the united states will decide differently if it happens again .

Robert Ray , Starr 's top assistant , will complete the investigations of White House conduct regarding Kathleen Willey 's sexual harassment allegations and the dismissal of travel-office staff .
robert ray , starr 's top assistant , will complete the investigations of white house conduct [about] kathleen willey 's sexual harassment allegations and the dismissal of travel-office staff .

Regarding the latter , Bob tells me that , in his experience , every time you drive across the country there is one moment when you almost die .
[about] the latter , bob tells me that , in his experience , every time you drive across the country there is one moment when you almost die .

Regarding my traveling companion : Bob forbade me from talking about his germ phobia , although it was kind of hard to understand what he was saying through that surgical mask he was wearing .
[about] my traveling companion : bob forbade me from talking about his germ phobia , although it was kind of hard to understand what he was saying through that surgical mask he was wearing .

Regarding the G-7 's decision to write off much Third World debt , as long as the money is redirected to social programs such as health , poverty reduction , and AIDS education , the Nation of Pakistan said , `` [ E ] conomic good conduct that requires tightening of belts and good governance is something that the Third World was badly in need of .
[about] the g-7 's decision to write off much third world debt , as long as the money is redirected to social programs such as health , poverty reduction , and aids education , the nation of pakistan said , `` [ e ] conomic good conduct that requires tightening of belts and good governance is something that the third world was badly in need of .

Regarding Omagh , Britain 's Sunday People said that last year 's bombing by the splinter group Real IRA could easily have derailed the peace process , but `` the desire for peace was too strong for one breakaway IRA group to torpedo it .
[about] omagh , britain 's sunday people said that last year 's bombing by the splinter group real ira could easily have derailed the peace process , but `` the desire for peace was too strong for one breakaway ira group to torpedo it .

Just regarding the complaint about reliance on girlfriends , though , Prudie suggests you have a loooong and serious heart-to-heart with your wife , outlining your disturbance with her choices .
just [about] the complaint about reliance on girlfriends , though , prudie suggests you have a loooong and serious heart-to-heart with your wife , outlining your disturbance with her choices .

Is it appropriate for me to say anything to him regarding this matter ?
is it appropriate for me to say anything to him [about] this matter ?

He might notice that ONLY Ricky Fitts , a seriously damaged character , is shown regarding the body with aesthetic detachment .
he might notice that only ricky fitts , a seriously damaged character , is shown [about] the body with aesthetic detachment .

Among the questions on the docket : how the Internet fits with current regulations regarding political action committees , corporations , unions , and individuals who want to express advocacy of a candidate or an issue online .
among the questions on the docket : how the internet fits with current regulations [about] political action committees , corporations , unions , and individuals who want to express advocacy of a candidate or an issue online .

Regarding `` '' : I have been in the title insurance business for 27 years , and prior to that did my master 's thesis on the field at Wharton .
[about] `` '' : i have been in the title insurance business for 27 years , and prior to that did my master 's thesis on the field at wharton .

After an inquiry regarding Bob Dole 's ... well , anyway , your letter is most interesting .
after an inquiry [about] bob dole 's ... well , anyway , your letter is most interesting .

Through multiple rounds of correspondence , referees demand satisfaction regarding every important detail .
through multiple rounds of correspondence , referees demand satisfaction [about] every important detail .

The Kosovo conflict was not forgotten , as papers around the continent encouraged NATO to maintain a stiff spine regarding the demilitarization of the Kosovo Liberation Army -- a matter apparently resolved Monday morning .
the kosovo conflict was not forgotten , as papers around the continent encouraged nato to maintain a stiff spine [about] the demilitarization of the kosovo liberation army -- a matter apparently resolved monday morning .

There are moments when all artifice fails , and you realize you are regarding desperate actors , trapped on the screen , fully aware they 've been left hanging out to dry . ''
there are moments when all artifice fails , and you realize you are [about] desperate actors , trapped on the screen , fully aware they 've been left hanging out to dry . ''

The case for not acting until you have to was put most vividly by Senate Assistant Majority Leader Don Nickles of Oklahoma , in a remark that also captures the hard-nosed attitude regarding humanitarian concerns .
the case for not acting until you have to was put most vividly by senate assistant majority leader don nickles of oklahoma , in a remark that also captures the hard-nosed attitude [about] humanitarian concerns .

A recent inquiry regarding replacing the has prompted me to seek your assistance .
a recent inquiry [about] replacing the has prompted me to seek your assistance .

The LAT fronts a report about tighter rules regarding personal uses of office computers and how companies are increasingly using sophisticated tracking technology to enforce them .
the lat fronts a report about tighter rules [about] personal uses of office computers and how companies are increasingly using sophisticated tracking technology to enforce them .

You are right on the mark regarding the role that ideology has played in this debate .
you are right on the mark [about] the role that ideology has played in this debate .

Maybe not so unified , since , although I still do n't agree with you about Miramax , I see that I agree even less with myself , in that I do n't actually think that the political protests of Catholic , feminist , and gay-rights organizations regarding their portrayals by the mass media are really of comparable weight , seeing as only one of these special interests is allied with an extraordinarily wealthy institution with one of the most coherent and cooperative global network of outlets in history .
maybe not so unified , since , although i still do n't agree with you about miramax , i see that i agree even less with myself , in that i do n't actually think that the political protests of catholic , feminist , and gay-rights organizations [about] their portrayals by the mass media are really of comparable weight , seeing as only one of these special interests is allied with an extraordinarily wealthy institution with one of the most coherent and cooperative global network of outlets in history .

It should be noted that the President 's comments regarding lack of political support for the Administration among many Jewish Americans frequently occur when Haldeman is present , and that Haldeman is generally quick to note when some person who is the subject of adverse comment happens to be Jewish ...
it should be noted that the president 's comments [about] lack of political support for the administration among many jewish americans frequently occur when haldeman is present , and that haldeman is generally quick to note when some person who is the subject of adverse comment happens to be jewish ...

No , I do n't think I 'm being too hard on Miramax and their behavior regarding Dogma .
no , i do n't think i 'm being too hard on miramax and their behavior [about] dogma .

Later , regarding the Healtheon IPO , Lewis writes , `` In this new world skepticism was not a sign of intelligence .
later , [about] the healtheon ipo , lewis writes , `` in this new world skepticism was not a sign of intelligence .

The Times suggests the key factor is ensuring that investors have access to good information regarding any stock to be purchased .
the times suggests the key factor is ensuring that investors have access to good information [about] any stock to be purchased .

The LAT says that there is no immediate concern in the U.S. government regarding Pakistan 's nuclear weapons , because , explains USAT , they have been presumed to be in the military 's hands all along .
the lat says that there is no immediate concern in the u.s. government [about] pakistan 's nuclear weapons , because , explains usat , they have been presumed to be in the military 's hands all along .

I could n't agree with you more about Mayor Giuliani and his hollow showboating regarding the Brooklyn Museum controversy .
i could n't agree with you more about mayor giuliani and his hollow showboating [about] the brooklyn museum controversy .

Diaz counters that with a quotation from a letter Heymsfield wrote to St. Luke 's general counsel that denies any bias ( not that anyone would expect him to admit any ) and asserts that Metabolife is `` trying to suppress information regarding a potentially unsafe product . ''
diaz counters that with a quotation from a letter heymsfield wrote to st. luke 's general counsel that denies any bias ( not that anyone would expect him to admit any ) and asserts that metabolife is `` trying to suppress information [about] a potentially unsafe product . ''

Regarding Jacob Weisberg 's `` Tax Evasion '' : Of course there is a case against the IRS -- it is a feudal institution that has been continued despite the fact that we are no longer subjects of the king and thus ought not to be forced to pay for the privilege of working for a living .
[about] jacob weisberg 's `` tax evasion '' : of course there is a case against the irs -- it is a feudal institution that has been continued despite the fact that we are no longer subjects of the king and thus ought not to be forced to pay for the privilege of working for a living .

I have been able to carry on an e-mail dialogue with him regarding his ideas expressed in Slate and his book , The Armchair Economist .
i have been able to carry on an e-mail dialogue with him [about] his ideas expressed in slate and his book , the armchair economist .

Regarding Scott Shuger 's question in `` Today 's Papers '' as to why `` less buying power for Americans in Japan and further slippage in the trade balance with European countries -- are n't of equal concern . ''
[about] scott shuger 's question in `` today 's papers '' as to why `` less buying power for americans in japan and further slippage in the trade balance with european countries -- are n't of equal concern . ''

However , she did neglect to mention a more interesting controversy within the mental-health community regarding the nature of diagnosis .
however , she did neglect to mention a more interesting controversy within the mental-health community [about] the nature of diagnosis .

Regarding `` The Conintern , '' by Jacob Weisberg : That Michael Kelly has been forced out of the New Republic for his unflattering coverage of President Clinton and Vice President Gore , may we expect an article from Weisberg on the sinister intellectual conformity of the left ?
[about] `` the conintern , '' by jacob weisberg : that michael kelly has been forced out of the new republic for his unflattering coverage of president clinton and vice president gore , may we expect an article from weisberg on the sinister intellectual conformity of the left ?

While reading `` Allen Ginsberg 's Secret , '' by Paul Berman , regarding the poet 's confession of altering a poem Norman Podhoretz had submitted to the Columbia Review , I was struck by a dark thought : What if Allen Ginsberg and Norman Podhoretz were the same person ?
while reading `` allen ginsberg 's secret , '' by paul berman , [about] the poet 's confession of altering a poem norman podhoretz had submitted to the columbia review , i was struck by a dark thought : what if allen ginsberg and norman podhoretz were the same person ?

Regarding Stephen Harrigan 's `` Endless Summer , '' on plot holes in Contact , please allow me to nit-pick your nit-picking .
[about] stephen harrigan 's `` endless summer , '' on plot holes in contact , please allow me to nit-pick your nit-picking .

While I agree postponing childbearing is a laudable goal , we have larger problems to solve regarding children having children .
while i agree postponing childbearing is a laudable goal , we have larger problems to solve [about] children having children .

I have two questions for the federal government regarding Social Security .
i have two questions for the federal government [about] social security .

Stephen Chapman ( `` What 's Wrong With 'Victims ' Rights ' `` ) expresses some practical concerns regarding the Victims ' Rights Amendment .
stephen chapman ( `` what 's wrong with 'victims ' rights ' `` ) expresses some practical concerns [about] the victims ' rights amendment .

Example : Just the other day I called a salesman regarding refinancing the house and left my name and number .
example : just the other day i called a salesman [about] refinancing the house and left my name and number .

I am a big fan of your column and , generally speaking , a supporter of the `` always leave 'em wanting more '' school of thought regarding product such as yours .
i am a big fan of your column and , generally speaking , a supporter of the `` always leave 'em wanting more '' school of thought [about] product such as yours .

These include `` acquaintance or relationship with attorneys or witnesses '' ( in this case , chiefly Clinton and Starr ) and biases regarding `` credibility of witnesses '' ( in this case , whether Starr 's witnesses would automatically be regarded more favorably ) .
these include `` acquaintance or relationship with attorneys or witnesses '' ( in this case , chiefly clinton and starr ) and biases [about] `` credibility of witnesses '' ( in this case , whether starr 's witnesses would automatically be regarded more favorably ) .

Most glaring was Noah 's statement regarding the basis for his conclusion .
most glaring was noah 's statement [about] the basis for his conclusion .

Regarding the Oct. 29 `` Today 's Papers , '' I 'm afraid you misunderstand how the British legal system operates .
[about] the oct. 29 `` today 's papers , '' i 'm afraid you misunderstand how the british legal system operates .

If Prudie sounds lenient regarding divorcing , it is because she herself has lost more than one husband ... in divorce court .
if prudie sounds lenient [about] divorcing , it is because she herself has lost more than one husband ... in divorce court .

Regarding your suggestion that these magazines give men a safe place to be together without their heterosexuality being questioned : That sounds like more of a hope ( on their part ) than a reality .
[about] your suggestion that these magazines give men a safe place to be together without their heterosexuality being questioned : that sounds like more of a hope ( on their part ) than a reality .

A second issue : If Willey remains important , it 's hard to see why Kenneth Starr should n't try to get Isikoff 's testimony regarding what Steele told him .
a second issue : if willey remains important , it 's hard to see why kenneth starr should n't try to get isikoff 's testimony [about] what steele told him .

If you read Time you have no idea that there was an issue regarding Steele 's Version # 2 .
if you read time you have no idea that there was an issue [about] steele 's version # 2 .

Chatterbox hears that the lawyer for Clinton secretary Betty Currie was irritated that President Clinton overplayed Currie 's initial denial of the Feb. 6 New York Times story regarding her testimony before Kenneth Starr 's grand jury ... .If you recall , Lawrence Wechsler , Currie 's attorney , issued a statement saying she was not `` aware '' of any legal or ethical impropriety .
chatterbox hears that the lawyer for clinton secretary betty currie was irritated that president clinton overplayed currie 's initial denial of the feb. 6 new york times story [about] her testimony before kenneth starr 's grand jury ... .if you recall , lawrence wechsler , currie 's attorney , issued a statement saying she was not `` aware '' of any legal or ethical impropriety .

I am shocked and dismayed by the numerous leaks regarding Mrs. Currie 's grand jury testimony . ''
i am shocked and dismayed by the numerous leaks [about] mrs. currie 's grand jury testimony . ''

The NYT leads with talks held among the states regarding pollution .
the nyt leads with talks held among the states [about] pollution .

Newsweek 's story grants that some flaws have been exposed in Willey 's character but asserts that her story regarding her encounter with Clinton ( as told to Newsweek last July ) has remained unchanged .
newsweek 's story grants that some flaws have been exposed in willey 's character but asserts that her story [about] her encounter with clinton ( as told to newsweek last july ) has remained unchanged .

Regarding abortion , Kemp says , `` My premise is that both the mother -- the woman -- and the child -- the unborn -- should have constitutional protections for life and freedom . ''
[about] abortion , kemp says , `` my premise is that both the mother -- the woman -- and the child -- the unborn -- should have constitutional protections for life and freedom . ''

An opinion poll carried out by the Kuwaiti Arabic daily Al-Anba found that all those questioned were very optimistic and `` unanimously ruled out any doubt regarding the government 's preparedness to face any eventuality . ''
an opinion poll carried out by the kuwaiti arabic daily al-anba found that all those questioned were very optimistic and `` unanimously ruled out any doubt [about] the government 's preparedness to face any eventuality . ''

In Italy , Corriere della Sera ran an interview Thursday with former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev , who , asked if the West had made mistakes in its behavior toward post-Communist Russia , said it had made several : regarding Yeltsin as the sole guarantor of Russian democracy , trying to impose economic policies that were completely unsuited to Russia , and closing both eyes to the corruption of the system .
in italy , corriere della sera ran an interview thursday with former soviet leader mikhail gorbachev , who , asked if the west had made mistakes in its behavior toward post-communist russia , said it had made several : [about] yeltsin as the sole guarantor of russian democracy , trying to impose economic policies that were completely unsuited to russia , and closing both eyes to the corruption of the system .

The WP runs `` Press Pledges Restraint '' regarding Princes William and Harry , and `` Diana Helped Choose Ring . ''
the wp runs `` press pledges restraint '' [about] princes william and harry , and `` diana helped choose ring . ''

The Wall Street Journal points out that Clinton was similarly forthright regarding China 's trade policies , noting that he said right to Jiang 's face , `` Just as China can compete freely and fairly in America , so our goods and services should be able to compete freely and fairly in China . ''
the wall street journal points out that clinton was similarly forthright [about] china 's trade policies , noting that he said right to jiang 's face , `` just as china can compete freely and fairly in america , so our goods and services should be able to compete freely and fairly in china . ''

USA Today and the Los Angeles Times lead with new congressional pressure on the Department of Justice regarding campaign fund-raising investigations .
usa today and the los angeles times lead with new congressional pressure on the department of justice [about] campaign fund-raising investigations .

The president 's Iraq warning came out of yesterday 's press conference , which garnered a lot of front-page space , during which Clinton said he thinks Hussein still has not met his international obligations regarding weapons inspection .
the president 's iraq warning came out of yesterday 's press conference , which garnered a lot of front-page space , during which clinton said he thinks hussein still has not met his international obligations [about] weapons inspection .

Disclaimer : Although Chatterbox deplores self-righteousness and hypocrisy regarding illegal drug use , he also deplores illegal drug use itself .
disclaimer : although chatterbox deplores self-righteousness and hypocrisy [about] illegal drug use , he also deplores illegal drug use itself .

Specifically regarding cocaine , a lesson of the 1980s was that its use is both addictive and potentially deadly -- two facts that were unknown to youthful baby boomers who tried it during the 1970s .
specifically [about] cocaine , a lesson of the 1980s was that its use is both addictive and potentially deadly -- two facts that were unknown to youthful baby boomers who tried it during the 1970s .

The problem is , notes the story , that this new unit will be on its own regarding safety and environmental protection , areas already weak in the nuclear bomb business .
the problem is , notes the story , that this new unit will be on its own [about] safety and environmental protection , areas already weak in the nuclear bomb business .

It had a touch of skepticism regarding the subject ( after all , this was The New Yorker ) , but took Disney 's town-building attempt seriously -- except for the preposterous name , of course , although preposterous town names are hardly unknown in U.S. history -- New Hope , for example , or New Harmony , which Andersen mentions , or my favorite , also in Florida , Panacea .
it had a touch of skepticism [about] the subject ( after all , this was the new yorker ) , but took disney 's town-building attempt seriously -- except for the preposterous name , of course , although preposterous town names are hardly unknown in u.s. history -- new hope , for example , or new harmony , which andersen mentions , or my favorite , also in florida , panacea .

Andersen raises an interesting point regarding the town of Celebration : That is , it is not really such a novelty .
andersen raises an interesting point [about] the town of celebration : that is , it is not really such a novelty .

Regarding Ron Perelman ( and the Ron Perelmans of the world ) : At what level of consciousness do you suppose he knows or cares that if he were n't rich he would n't get to sleep with women like Patricia Duff and Ellen Barkin ?
[about] ron perelman ( and the ron perelmans of the world ) : at what level of consciousness do you suppose he knows or cares that if he were n't rich he would n't get to sleep with women like patricia duff and ellen barkin ?

The latest Campaigngate angle got chewed over with the revelation that the White House had leaned on Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt to benefit one set of Indians over another regarding permission to build a ( nother ) gambling casino .
the latest campaigngate angle got chewed over with the revelation that the white house had leaned on secretary of the interior bruce babbitt to benefit one set of indians over another [about] permission to build a ( nother ) gambling casino .

There is debate within the U.S. foreign-policy establishment regarding the efficacy of Washington 's approach , which is based on the perception of Iran as a rogue state and a sponsor of international terror .
there is debate within the u.s. foreign-policy establishment [about] the efficacy of washington 's approach , which is based on the perception of iran as a rogue state and a sponsor of international terror .

Could his cartoonishness be an indication of how defensive Spielberg , who like nearly all upper-middle-class Americans of his generation did n't serve in Vietnam , feels regarding the military and its virtues ?
could his cartoonishness be an indication of how defensive spielberg , who like nearly all upper-middle-class americans of his generation did n't serve in vietnam , feels [about] the military and its virtues ?

The Washington Post goes with the revelation that last fall , just weeks after gaining China 's pledge to halt assistance to Iran 's nuclear programs ( elicited in return for allowing American firms to sell nuclear reactors to China ) , the Clinton administration discovered and protested China 's secret negotiations with Iran regarding shipping it material used to make weapons-grade uranium .
the washington post goes with the revelation that last fall , just weeks after gaining china 's pledge to halt assistance to iran 's nuclear programs ( elicited in return for allowing american firms to sell nuclear reactors to china ) , the clinton administration discovered and protested china 's secret negotiations with iran [about] shipping it material used to make weapons-grade uranium .

The WP runs an AP story saying that Susan McDougal is prepared to testify at her obstruction of justice trial about Bill Clinton 's truthfulness regarding Whitewater matters .
the wp runs an ap story saying that susan mcdougal is prepared to testify at her obstruction of justice trial about bill clinton 's truthfulness [about] whitewater matters .

The NYT front reports that a split has emerged in Washington regarding any possible military response .
the nyt front reports that a split has emerged in washington [about] any possible military response .

The New York Times goes with drawing the basic Capitol Hill battle lines regarding the upcoming surplus budget .
the new york times goes with drawing the basic capitol hill battle lines [about] the upcoming surplus budget .

Regarding the release of admiring letters she had written to Clinton after their disputed Oval Office meeting , he is quoted saying , `` We do n't pretend we can compete with the White House spin machine . ''
[about] the release of admiring letters she had written to clinton after their disputed oval office meeting , he is quoted saying , `` we do n't pretend we can compete with the white house spin machine . ''

TP does n't know the NYT policy regarding the giving of Web addresses in news stories , but notes that in this one , the address for a Chelsea-based sex service clearinghouse called `` Redlightnet.com '' is not issued .
tp does n't know the nyt policy [about] the giving of web addresses in news stories , but notes that in this one , the address for a chelsea-based sex service clearinghouse called `` redlightnet.com '' is not issued .

The Journal reports that the FTC is set to end decades of leniency regarding cigars .
the journal reports that the ftc is set to end decades of leniency [about] cigars .

The headline on the story incorrectly characterized U.S. policy regarding Saddam Hussein 's death . ''
the headline on the story incorrectly characterized u.s. policy [about] saddam hussein 's death . ''

The New York Times leads with the Vatican 's official repentance regarding the mass killings of Jews during World War II .
the new york times leads with the vatican 's official repentance [about] the mass killings of jews during world war ii .

Oh , and regarding your last letter 's comment about Gore pinning Bradley to the floor and lying on top of him , its a good idea , but somehow I do n't think it 'd work , because that 's obviously what Tipper 's been doing to Al herself since their first teen-age ( but presumably non-rock ' n ' roll concert ) date .
oh , and [about] your last letter 's comment about gore pinning bradley to the floor and lying on top of him , its a good idea , but somehow i do n't think it 'd work , because that 's obviously what tipper 's been doing to al herself since their first teen-age ( but presumably non-rock ' n ' roll concert ) date .

After my psychotic outburst of HMO-vitriol , I almost hesitate to comment on your remark about Christopher H. Smith , because regarding the deal that was worked out to impose `` anti-abortion '' restrictions on international Third World family planning aid programs as a condition of paying our long-overdue U.N. debt , I 'm on the verge of spinning out into berzerker mode again .
after my psychotic outburst of hmo-vitriol , i almost hesitate to comment on your remark about christopher h. smith , because [about] the deal that was worked out to impose `` anti-abortion '' restrictions on international third world family planning aid programs as a condition of paying our long-overdue u.n. debt , i 'm on the verge of spinning out into berzerker mode again .

Regarding the EgyptAir crash , they say they still do n't know if it was really a deliberate suicide thing or what , but it gives me an idea .
[about] the egyptair crash , they say they still do n't know if it was really a deliberate suicide thing or what , but it gives me an idea .

The coverage makes it clear what the top WTO item is on the Clinton agenda : getting the organization to apply higher standards regarding working conditions and environmental damage .
the coverage makes it clear what the top wto item is on the clinton agenda : getting the organization to apply higher standards [about] working conditions and environmental damage .

Mapplethorpe 's photographs seem to Fiss to qualify under these guidelines , since , he says , `` in the late 1980s the AIDS crisis confronted America in the starkest fashion and provoked urgent questions regarding the scope and direction of publicly funded medical research .
mapplethorpe 's photographs seem to fiss to qualify under these guidelines , since , he says , `` in the late 1980s the aids crisis confronted america in the starkest fashion and provoked urgent questions [about] the scope and direction of publicly funded medical research .

Lately a great deal has been made of Rauschenberg 's discretion regarding his sex life , with critics zeroing in on Bed ( 1955 ) , a combine that includes a paint- and pencil-enhanced pillow , quilt , and sheet ; as well as Canyon ( 1959 ) , which features , among other things , a mirror , a pillow in a noose , and a stuffed bald eagle in full wingspread .
lately a great deal has been made of rauschenberg 's discretion [about] his sex life , with critics zeroing in on bed ( 1955 ) , a combine that includes a paint- and pencil-enhanced pillow , quilt , and sheet ; as well as canyon ( 1959 ) , which features , among other things , a mirror , a pillow in a noose , and a stuffed bald eagle in full wingspread .

I continue to be amazed at the lack of creativity in our sports sections , especially regarding women 's sports and features that will attract women readers , such as the Warner saga .
i continue to be amazed at the lack of creativity in our sports sections , especially [about] women 's sports and features that will attract women readers , such as the warner saga .

The provisions regarding advertising , the FDA , and teen smoking are pretty much the same , if a little tougher , while the price tag has been raised to more than $ 500 billion .
the provisions [about] advertising , the fda , and teen smoking are pretty much the same , if a little tougher , while the price tag has been raised to more than $ 500 billion .

Regarding Scott Shuger 's comment on plagiarized New York Times obituaries : When I worked for the New Bedford Standard Times in 1964 it was common to lift obits from the Providence Journal word for word .
[about] scott shuger 's comment on plagiarized new york times obituaries : when i worked for the new bedford standard times in 1964 it was common to lift obits from the providence journal word for word .

Regarding the letter from `` , '' I can tell you from experience that sisters do not take kindly to ANY advice given them about raising their children .
[about] the letter from `` , '' i can tell you from experience that sisters do not take kindly to any advice given them about raising their children .

Regarding Seattle , the Times of India began its report : `` It rains here almost every day .
[about] seattle , the times of india began its report : `` it rains here almost every day .

Please understand that Federal Regulations prohibit FAA personnel , XXXX Airlines , and all other air carriers from sharing specific information regarding this program with the public .
please understand that federal regulations prohibit faa personnel , xxxx airlines , and all other air carriers from sharing specific information [about] this program with the public .

Pollster Andrew Kohut writes in a NYT op-ed that fresh polls show that Hillary Clinton 's Senate prospects are not likely to be helped by any revelations regarding her relationship with Bill .
pollster andrew kohut writes in a nyt op-ed that fresh polls show that hillary clinton 's senate prospects are not likely to be helped by any revelations [about] her relationship with bill .

Regarding the conflict-of-interest potential in Lucinda Franks ' marriage to Rudy- hater Bob Morganthau , all I can add is that you do n't have to be the Manhattan DA 's wife to get shivers over the thought of Senator Giuliani .
[about] the conflict-of-interest potential in lucinda franks ' marriage to rudy- hater bob morganthau , all i can add is that you do n't have to be the manhattan da 's wife to get shivers over the thought of senator giuliani .

Haldeman , his chief of staff , discussed their belief that Felt was leaking , and in which Nixon said , regarding Felt 's high position at the FBI , `` Christ , put a Jew in there ? ''
haldeman , his chief of staff , discussed their belief that felt was leaking , and in which nixon said , [about] felt 's high position at the fbi , `` christ , put a jew in there ? ''

I just wanted to briefly contradict your characterization regarding how the German press supposedly ignored or downplayed the story of the recent monetary settlement agreement for victims of Nazi slave-labor and forced-labor programs .
i just wanted to briefly contradict your characterization [about] how the german press supposedly ignored or downplayed the story of the recent monetary settlement agreement for victims of nazi slave-labor and forced-labor programs .

You answered a several months ago regarding my little sister , my designated maid of honor , being a nightmare to deal with .
you answered a several months ago [about] my little sister , my designated maid of honor , being a nightmare to deal with .

I was rather dissatisfied with Jonathan Chait 's `` '' regarding the `` pay gap '' for servicemen .
i was rather dissatisfied with jonathan chait 's `` '' [about] the `` pay gap '' for servicemen .

I write regarding your response to `` '' who did not want to complain about the misdated baby blanket .
i write [about] your response to `` '' who did not want to complain about the misdated baby blanket .

I have noticed a recent rambling of rhetoric regarding `` personal responsibility . ''
i have noticed a recent rambling of rhetoric [about] `` personal responsibility . ''

Prudie supposes that the calendar 's rules regarding white are still operative for the old guard .
prudie supposes that the calendar 's rules [about] white are still operative for the old guard .

Just a quick note of support for your reply to `` '' regarding forms of address .
just a quick note of support for your reply to `` '' [about] forms of address .

Robert Kaplan 's book Balkan Ghosts , which advances this thesis regarding Bosnia , reportedly convinced President Clinton to steer clear of military action there for a time .
robert kaplan 's book balkan ghosts , which advances this thesis [about] bosnia , reportedly convinced president clinton to steer clear of military action there for a time .

Terry Jeffrey perpetuates an old shibboleth when he mentions Bill Clinton 's `` safe , legal , and rare '' comment regarding abortion ( see ) .
terry jeffrey perpetuates an old shibboleth when he mentions bill clinton 's `` safe , legal , and rare '' comment [about] abortion ( see ) .

The article credits the Democratic underdog with : the 1986 Tax Reform Act , prescience regarding the American high-tech boom , earnestness , an `` active social conscience , '' and `` political individuality . ''
the article credits the democratic underdog with : the 1986 tax reform act , prescience [about] the american high-tech boom , earnestness , an `` active social conscience , '' and `` political individuality . ''

An editorial in the Syrian state-controlled newspaper Tashrin called the Netanyahu regime a `` three-year nightmare '' and said Barak should `` make drastic changes in Israel 's positions regarding a full withdrawal from occupied Arab lands and a just and inclusive peace based on U.N .
an editorial in the syrian state-controlled newspaper tashrin called the netanyahu regime a `` three-year nightmare '' and said barak should `` make drastic changes in israel 's positions [about] a full withdrawal from occupied arab lands and a just and inclusive peace based on u.n .

Your reply to `` '' regarding his distress over his accent was insufficient , in that you more or less dismissed his concern .
your reply to `` '' [about] his distress over his accent was insufficient , in that you more or less dismissed his concern .

Note to the Irony Police : Linda never gave me a word on paper regarding Monica and I am at this moment reviewing Michael Isikoff 's `` big-bucks book . ''
note to the irony police : linda never gave me a word on paper [about] monica and i am at this moment reviewing michael isikoff 's `` big-bucks book . ''

Not once in all the often breathless conversations I had with Isikoff over those weeks did I doubt for a minute that he believed Linda 's story and the facts I was relaying to him regarding her ongoing documentation .
not once in all the often breathless conversations i had with isikoff over those weeks did i doubt for a minute that he believed linda 's story and the facts i was relaying to him [about] her ongoing documentation .

While Podhoretz may be correct in his opinion of Al Sharpton , his comments regarding Sharpton and Jesse Jackson possess a thinly disguised undertone of racism : As he castigates `` white liberals '' for assuming that `` Negroes '' could do no wrong , his discussion of Sharpton 's actions seem to say , `` What can you expect ?
while podhoretz may be correct in his opinion of al sharpton , his comments [about] sharpton and jesse jackson possess a thinly disguised undertone of racism : as he castigates `` white liberals '' for assuming that `` negroes '' could do no wrong , his discussion of sharpton 's actions seem to say , `` what can you expect ?

The KYC flap is less about the loss of financial privacy than it is about the public 's loss of naiveté regarding the myth of financial privacy .
the kyc flap is less about the loss of financial privacy than it is about the public 's loss of naiveté [about] the myth of financial privacy .

Among the conservative British newspapers , still regarding the use of ground troops as both desirable and a distinct possibility , the Times of London said in an editorial that Milosevic 's `` peace '' offer to Russian Prime Minister Yevgeny Primakov had been just `` a feint to split the Alliance '' and urged the continuation of the war until Milosevic capitulated .
among the conservative british newspapers , still [about] the use of ground troops as both desirable and a distinct possibility , the times of london said in an editorial that milosevic 's `` peace '' offer to russian prime minister yevgeny primakov had been just `` a feint to split the alliance '' and urged the continuation of the war until milosevic capitulated .

Having done a turn in Los Angeles herself , she knows the men in blue are not going to come for people blowing horns , since they ignored her calls regarding people blowing leaves .
having done a turn in los angeles herself , she knows the men in blue are not going to come for people blowing horns , since they ignored her calls [about] people blowing leaves .

Regarding `` the trout in the milk '' quote , bravo and bravissimo !
[about] `` the trout in the milk '' quote , bravo and bravissimo !

Regarding the stonewalling staff , just think of them as the collective Bad Cop .
[about] the stonewalling staff , just think of them as the collective bad cop .

I , too , am sick of all the controversial opinions and hype regarding Viagra , but I must challenge your comments ( and those of all the others out there ) voicing concern that it is `` becoming a recreational drug , '' `` creating ersatz libido , '' etc .
i , too , am sick of all the controversial opinions and hype [about] viagra , but i must challenge your comments ( and those of all the others out there ) voicing concern that it is `` becoming a recreational drug , '' `` creating ersatz libido , '' etc .

Regarding a letter from your column about a young woman 's boyfriend being afraid her `` pedigree '' is n't good enough for his mother , I have some suggestions for retorts , should the occasion arise .
[about] a letter from your column about a young woman 's boyfriend being afraid her `` pedigree '' is n't good enough for his mother , i have some suggestions for retorts , should the occasion arise .

If the Huang case is novel , it would have to be as a deliberate and systematic violation of the laws regarding contributions by noncitizens .
if the huang case is novel , it would have to be as a deliberate and systematic violation of the laws [about] contributions by noncitizens .

On the other hand , New Pru may have deeper insights regarding marriage -- having had several more of those than Old Pru .
on the other hand , new pru may have deeper insights [about] marriage -- having had several more of those than old pru .

The Supreme Court this month will hand down a decision regarding a pair of cases , from Washington state and New York , involving the legality of assisted suicide .
the supreme court this month will hand down a decision [about] a pair of cases , from washington state and new york , involving the legality of assisted suicide .

There is , however , one little bump in the reporting road regarding other NATO business .
there is , however , one little bump in the reporting road [about] other nato business .

The New York Times leads with a report on the increasing cynicism and resignation of the religious right regarding the political process .
the new york times leads with a report on the increasing cynicism and resignation of the religious right [about] the political process .

The Washington Post goes with President Clinton 's expression of confidence regarding his impeachment trial chances , pointing out that such informal statements are probably all the Senate is going to get from him .
the washington post goes with president clinton 's expression of confidence [about] his impeachment trial chances , pointing out that such informal statements are probably all the senate is going to get from him .

It may just be a case of de mortuis nihil nisi bonum , but only the NYT lead notes ( albeit rather low in the story ) that King Hussein sided with Saddam Hussein regarding the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in 1990 .
it may just be a case of de mortuis nihil nisi bonum , but only the nyt lead notes ( albeit rather low in the story ) that king hussein sided with saddam hussein [about] the iraqi invasion of kuwait in 1990 .

The British know that , having seen more of Broomfield 's movies and regarding him as the British equivalent of Michael Moore , the director of the unprincipled Roger & Me .
the british know that , having seen more of broomfield 's movies and [about] him as the british equivalent of michael moore , the director of the unprincipled roger & me .

The Washington Post and Los Angeles Times lead with the U.S. and its European allies putting diplomatic pressure on both Yugoslavia and ethnic Albanian leaders to accept a peace accord regarding Kosovo province before a Saturday deadline , while making preparations for NATO airstrikes in case they do n't .
the washington post and los angeles times lead with the u.s. and its european allies putting diplomatic pressure on both yugoslavia and ethnic albanian leaders to accept a peace accord [about] kosovo province before a saturday deadline , while making preparations for nato airstrikes in case they do n't .

Regarding these matters , they would , explains the WP , merely ask her to reaffirm her grand jury testimony .
[about] these matters , they would , explains the wp , merely ask her to reaffirm her grand jury testimony .

Regarding why Lewinsky is on the list , Rep. Ed Bryant , a Republican , may have given away the game with his reason , quoted in the Los Angeles Times : Would n't you want , he asked the Senate yesterday , to observe her demeanor and `` look into her eyes '' ?
[about] why lewinsky is on the list , rep. ed bryant , a republican , may have given away the game with his reason , quoted in the los angeles times : would n't you want , he asked the senate yesterday , to observe her demeanor and `` look into her eyes '' ?

The LAT says that Albright is offering in response the promise that the international community will consider the voice of the Albanians in the region regarding Kosovo 's final status .
the lat says that albright is offering in response the promise that the international community will consider the voice of the albanians in the region [about] kosovo 's final status .

The LAT points out that the agreements regarding nuclear weapons were significant because the proximity of the two countries equals shorter missile flight times , which make unrecallable missile mistakes more likely .
the lat points out that the agreements [about] nuclear weapons were significant because the proximity of the two countries equals shorter missile flight times , which make unrecallable missile mistakes more likely .

USAT says that although Bill Gates has held talks at his house regarding this matter with AT & T execs , the phone company has since cooled on the deal because `` it may not want to be an owner of Microsoft 's money-losing Web sites . ''
usat says that although bill gates has held talks at his house [about] this matter with at & t execs , the phone company has since cooled on the deal because `` it may not want to be an owner of microsoft 's money-losing web sites . ''

The Times notes that the report is silent regarding two widely mentioned rumors -- that the pilot was taking the plane off to a militia , and that he committed suicide because he was a tormented closeted gay .
the times notes that the report is silent [about] two widely mentioned rumors -- that the pilot was taking the plane off to a militia , and that he committed suicide because he was a tormented closeted gay .

The NYT and LAT lead with Madeleine Albright convening face-to-face talks between Albanians and Serbians regarding their fighting in Kosovo .
the nyt and lat lead with madeleine albright convening face-to-face talks between albanians and serbians [about] their fighting in kosovo .

The second half of the LAT account dwells instead on the concerns expressed Sunday by some GOP congressional big shots regarding a possible new deployment of U.S. troops to the Balkans , a concern the NYT relays inside in a separate article .
the second half of the lat account dwells instead on the concerns expressed sunday by some gop congressional big shots [about] a possible new deployment of u.s. troops to the balkans , a concern the nyt relays inside in a separate article .

Today 's WP answers some questions tendered here yesterday regarding the financing for Monica 's sudden blowing into town .
today 's wp answers some questions tendered here yesterday [about] the financing for monica 's sudden blowing into town .

A letter writer to the WP raises an interesting point regarding the Post 's recent description of British tactics in Northern Ireland as including `` torture . ''
a letter writer to the wp raises an interesting point [about] the post 's recent description of british tactics in northern ireland as including `` torture . ''

USAT runs a completely positive account of the productive and powerful partnership that has developed between Hillary Clinton and Madeleine Albright , especially regarding international women 's issues such as the handling of rape charges at the Rwanda War Crimes Tribunal , and clamping down on the international prostitution trade .
usat runs a completely positive account of the productive and powerful partnership that has developed between hillary clinton and madeleine albright , especially [about] international women 's issues such as the handling of rape charges at the rwanda war crimes tribunal , and clamping down on the international prostitution trade .

The other papers miss the explanatory boat regarding both companies .
the other papers miss the explanatory boat [about] both companies .

Everybody points out that the Court will be ruling soon on the similar question of employer responsibilities regarding supervisors ' sexual harassment of workers in a job setting .
everybody points out that the court will be ruling soon on the similar question of employer responsibilities [about] supervisors ' sexual harassment of workers in a job setting .

The LAT front reports that at a time when South Korea has been taking a softer line regarding North Korea , a midget North Korean submarine of the sort often used in spy missions has been captured off the South Korean coast .
the lat front reports that at a time when south korea has been taking a softer line [about] north korea , a midget north korean submarine of the sort often used in spy missions has been captured off the south korean coast .

The LAT goes top front with words and a picture regarding three white supremacists arrested yesterday , charged with killing a black man by dragging him behind their car for several miles .
the lat goes top front with words and a picture [about] three white supremacists arrested yesterday , charged with killing a black man by dragging him behind their car for several miles .

He writes because a recent Post article stated he was aware of intercepted electronic communications regarding Osama bin Laden .
he writes because a recent post article stated he was aware of intercepted electronic communications [about] osama bin laden .

The NYT continues to ride Janet Reno hard on her relative inaction regarding allegations of illegalities in President Clinton 's 1996 campaign fund-raising operations .
the nyt continues to ride janet reno hard on her relative inaction [about] allegations of illegalities in president clinton 's 1996 campaign fund-raising operations .

Liu was released after signing confessions that she broke laws regarding press accreditation and the interviewing of dissidents .
liu was released after signing confessions that she broke laws [about] press accreditation and the interviewing of dissidents .

The work in question offers nothing regarding language , so its review here is ancillary to the main function of VERBATIM .
the work in question offers nothing [about] language , so its review here is ancillary to the main function of verbatim .

Even the remnants we have from early languages that had a writing system are relatively sparse : Classical Latin and Greek , Hebrew , and a few other languages are better documented than others ; but for most all we have to go on are a handful of tablets here , a few inscriptions there , barely enough in many cases to allow us to identify the language , let alone draw any conclusions regarding its structure or meaning .
even the remnants we have from early languages that had a writing system are relatively sparse : classical latin and greek , hebrew , and a few other languages are better documented than others ; but for most all we have to go on are a handful of tablets here , a few inscriptions there , barely enough in many cases to allow us to identify the language , let alone draw any conclusions [about] its structure or meaning .

He could have mentioned a most important function that the book fulfills : that of setting straight the many misapprehensions regarding the origins of English place-names .
he could have mentioned a most important function that the book fulfills : that of setting straight the many misapprehensions [about] the origins of english place-names .

Though hardier in those days , my constitution was somewhat affected by jet lag , as I had usually arrived only that morning or the day before from the U.S. On one occasion , as our deliberations were drawing to a close after many months , we came to a particularly niggling point of dispute regarding the cost of some phase of the project -- I have forgotten which -- and , in frustration and exasperation , I burst out with , You must realize that if you want to earn a penny , you 've got to spend a penny ! , whereupon , much to my consternation , all those present fell about laughing merrily .
though hardier in those days , my constitution was somewhat affected by jet lag , as i had usually arrived only that morning or the day before from the u.s. on one occasion , as our deliberations were drawing to a close after many months , we came to a particularly niggling point of dispute [about] the cost of some phase of the project -- i have forgotten which -- and , in frustration and exasperation , i burst out with , you must realize that if you want to earn a penny , you 've got to spend a penny ! , whereupon , much to my consternation , all those present fell about laughing merrily .

Still , I return to my point regarding certain omissions , for the purpose of a reference book is not solely to serve those who wish to look up metaphors they hear , but ones they read , as well .
still , i return to my point [about] certain omissions , for the purpose of a reference book is not solely to serve those who wish to look up metaphors they hear , but ones they read , as well .

Inevitably , there are some slips regarding American pronunciation and accent , most if not all of which can be charged to the failure to identify specific dialects or the absence of a restrictive modifier like most or many to precede American speakers .
inevitably , there are some slips [about] american pronunciation and accent , most if not all of which can be charged to the failure to identify specific dialects or the absence of a restrictive modifier like most or many to precede american speakers .

Submitted by ] “ Hidden in the dining room breakfront , in a blue-enameled box bedecked with handpainted flowers , Molly Darrah keeps the keys to 18 neighbors ' houses. ” [ From the San Francisco Chronicle , ] Regarding the review of Family Words [ XV,3 ] , some 30 years ago an article appeared in The Atlantic Monthly under the title “ Lady Mondagreen. ” It concerned what you refer to as “ family words ” or “ Penn Stations ” -- childhood confusions of overheard phrases .
submitted by ] “ hidden in the dining room breakfront , in a blue-enameled box bedecked with handpainted flowers , molly darrah keeps the keys to 18 neighbors ' houses. ” [ from the san francisco chronicle , ] [about] the review of family words [ xv,3 ] , some 30 years ago an article appeared in the atlantic monthly under the title “ lady mondagreen. ” it concerned what you refer to as “ family words ” or “ penn stations ” -- childhood confusions of overheard phrases .

I agree with Ashok Mohapatra 's basic thesis in Politicking with Words [ XXII , 1 , 1 ] , but I think his search for elegant formulations obscured his judgment in the selection of examples he cites to make his point regarding the new German dictionary .
i agree with ashok mohapatra 's basic thesis in politicking with words [ xxii , 1 , 1 ] , but i think his search for elegant formulations obscured his judgment in the selection of examples he cites to make his point [about] the new german dictionary .

In response to the letter from Mrs. Maughan S. Mason [ XXI , 4 , 17 ] regarding the odor emanating from Pozzuoli ( Naples ) , I did not know there was a refinery there , but I do know that it 's a sulfur area ( probably a bath in ancient times ) , and it does smell to high heaven .
in response to the letter from mrs. maughan s. mason [ xxi , 4 , 17 ] [about] the odor emanating from pozzuoli ( naples ) , i did not know there was a refinery there , but i do know that it 's a sulfur area ( probably a bath in ancient times ) , and it does smell to high heaven .

Information regarding membership ( which includes a subscription to The Indexer , published semiannually ) can be obtained by writing to the Society of Indexers , 139 The Ryde , Hatfield , Herts .
information [about] membership ( which includes a subscription to the indexer , published semiannually ) can be obtained by writing to the society of indexers , 139 the ryde , hatfield , herts .

Further to the letter of Douglas S. Dodge [ XIX , 2,18 ] regarding tripes á la mode de Caen , please note that the Caen referred to is not the French place name but the name of the San Franciscan writer and journalist , Herb Caen .
further to the letter of douglas s. dodge [ xix , 2,18 ] [about] tripes á la mode de caen , please note that the caen referred to is not the french place name but the name of the san franciscan writer and journalist , herb caen .

In your review of The New York Public Library Writers Guide to Style and Usage [ XXI , 2 ] , you mention looking in vain for wisdom regarding the use of the serial ( or series , as I 've always called it ) comma .
in your review of the new york public library writers guide to style and usage [ xxi , 2 ] , you mention looking in vain for wisdom [about] the use of the serial ( or series , as i 've always called it ) comma .

Since 1978 , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , and Firearms has been involved in rule-making regarding the use of lite/light as a label for alcoholic beverages .
since 1978 , the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , and firearms has been involved in rule-making [about] the use of lite/light as a label for alcoholic beverages .

Regarding The Harvard Lampoon parody of USA Today , publisher Joe Armstrong declared , “ We 're kind of like USA Today Lite ” ( USA Today , September 15 , 1986 ) .
[about] the harvard lampoon parody of usa today , publisher joe armstrong declared , “ we 're kind of like usa today lite ” ( usa today , september 15 , 1986 ) .

The remainder of Chapter 1 is mainly a catalogue of misinterpretations , aberrations , and plain errors regarding the use of man as a generic .
the remainder of chapter 1 is mainly a catalogue of misinterpretations , aberrations , and plain errors [about] the use of man as a generic .

I can make a clinical observation regarding the diminution of politeness in the language , attributable , perhaps , to the lowering of the standards of civility and yielding , typically , constructions like Me and her went to the park ( as contrasted with Her and me went to the park , I suppose ) .
i can make a clinical observation [about] the diminution of politeness in the language , attributable , perhaps , to the lowering of the standards of civility and yielding , typically , constructions like me and her went to the park ( as contrasted with her and me went to the park , i suppose ) .

Comments regarding standard and nonstandard usage are absent .
comments [about] standard and nonstandard usage are absent .

For example , nothing is offered regarding the poor style of the reflexive pronouns for I or me as in Hong Kong had obviously been very carefully planned with Peter and myself in mind [ p. 183 ] , though why and is italicized in the original is hard to understand .
for example , nothing is offered [about] the poor style of the reflexive pronouns for i or me as in hong kong had obviously been very carefully planned with peter and myself in mind [ p. 183 ] , though why and is italicized in the original is hard to understand .

Having lived in Italy for some time , I believe I may be able to answer Barbara Bassett 's letter regarding the color of Italian eggs [ XVIII , 1 ] .
having lived in italy for some time , i believe i may be able to answer barbara bassett 's letter [about] the color of italian eggs [ xviii , 1 ] .

Albany board - On August 16 , 1780 , Gen. Benedict Arnold , commanding West Point , wrote to Timothy Pickering , Quartermaster General , regarding materials then needed at the fort .
albany board - on august 16 , 1780 , gen. benedict arnold , commanding west point , wrote to timothy pickering , quartermaster general , [about] materials then needed at the fort .

The basic problem is that the editors did not seem able to make value judgments regarding the amount of space to be devoted to the entries : on the one hand we find acid house , chaos theory , and desktop publishing , none of them succinctly written , on the other , long , strung-out entries on Steffi Graff , Margaret Atwood , and Paul McCartney , and to what avail ?
the basic problem is that the editors did not seem able to make value judgments [about] the amount of space to be devoted to the entries : on the one hand we find acid house , chaos theory , and desktop publishing , none of them succinctly written , on the other , long , strung-out entries on steffi graff , margaret atwood , and paul mccartney , and to what avail ?

In XXII , 2 you printed a letter from me regarding Charles Stough 's article , Insulting Nicknames Give Journalists Something to Be Proud of [ XXI,4 ] .
in xxii , 2 you printed a letter from me [about] charles stough 's article , insulting nicknames give journalists something to be proud of [ xxi,4 ] .

They agreed on most matters regarding the runic characters and on many features of language .
they agreed on most matters [about] the runic characters and on many features of language .

I have been intentionally vague regarding the grammatical subject and object of these verbs .
i have been intentionally vague [about] the grammatical subject and object of these verbs .

Regarding Brian Davis 's EPISTOLA [ XX,4 ] and his list of tautologies , I believe that enclosed herewith is but a borderline example if one at all .
[about] brian davis 's epistola [ xx,4 ] and his list of tautologies , i believe that enclosed herewith is but a borderline example if one at all .

I was interested in Ronald Verrall 's letter [ XX,4 ] regarding hagas for haws , ` berry/fruit of the hawthorn . '
i was interested in ronald verrall 's letter [ xx,4 ] [about] hagas for haws , ` berry/fruit of the hawthorn . '

Regarding “ The Scandalous Yiddish Guide of the Census Bureau , ” by Dr. Zellig Bach [ XVII , 2 ] , I must say that I wholeheartedly agree with the author 's assessment of the awkward and often amusing government translation .
[about] “ the scandalous yiddish guide of the census bureau , ” by dr. zellig bach [ xvii , 2 ] , i must say that i wholeheartedly agree with the author 's assessment of the awkward and often amusing government translation .

Regarding J .
[about] j .

Mr. Orbaum is correct regarding the translation of the Hebrew word in Isaiah 7 -- the word ` almah means ` young woman , ' and also correct that the Hebrew word betulah means ` virgin . '
mr. orbaum is correct [about] the translation of the hebrew word in isaiah 7 -- the word ` almah means ` young woman , ' and also correct that the hebrew word betulah means ` virgin . '

Those who cheered for George Bush , instead of calling him murderer , based their judgment on what they took to be a law regarding the sanctity of national borders and on the fact that Iraqi troops had violated such a border by invading a neighboring country .
those who cheered for george bush , instead of calling him murderer , based their judgment on what they took to be a law [about] the sanctity of national borders and on the fact that iraqi troops had violated such a border by invading a neighboring country .

Thoses who cheered for Saddam Hussein , instead of calling him a murderer , based their judgment on a law regarding the sovereignty of national government and on what they took to be the fact that the borders his forces had crossed were imposed by Western colonialists without the consent of the inhabitants .
thoses who cheered for saddam hussein , instead of calling him a murderer , based their judgment on a law [about] the sovereignty of national government and on what they took to be the fact that the borders his forces had crossed were imposed by western colonialists without the consent of the inhabitants .

A more serious semantic problem is the ambiguity regarding paddle tennis and platform tennis .
a more serious semantic problem is the ambiguity [about] paddle tennis and platform tennis .

Further to the letter of Muriel Smith [ XVIII , 2 ] regarding gunsel , perhaps her taste and discretion prevent her from quoting Queen more directly .
further to the letter of muriel smith [ xviii , 2 ] [about] gunsel , perhaps her taste and discretion prevent her from quoting queen more directly .

The style manuals are explicit in their directions regarding the citing of others ' writings .
the style manuals are explicit in their directions [about] the citing of others ' writings .

I have been unable to find any recommendations regarding the quotations of oral material , though such quotations are very common in newspapers and other periodicals that deal with current affairs and , especially , with “ the world of ” entertainment and “ celebrities. ” ( The quotations marks are intended to emphasize criticism of the practice of all the media to devote an inordinate amount of time and space to the interviewing and promotion of actors , singers , and other entertainers , most of whom have nothing to say and who make their living uttering words created by others .
i have been unable to find any recommendations [about] the quotations of oral material , though such quotations are very common in newspapers and other periodicals that deal with current affairs and , especially , with “ the world of ” entertainment and “ celebrities. ” ( the quotations marks are intended to emphasize criticism of the practice of all the media to devote an inordinate amount of time and space to the interviewing and promotion of actors , singers , and other entertainers , most of whom have nothing to say and who make their living uttering words created by others .

Appreciating that differences exist , from the slight to the complete , let us look at some more proverbial equivalents and see if any generalizations can be drawn regarding their formation or the home truths they express .
appreciating that differences exist , from the slight to the complete , let us look at some more proverbial equivalents and see if any generalizations can be drawn [about] their formation or the home truths they express .

Philip Weinberg 's EPISTOLA [ XVIII , 2 ] regarding the Russian word for railroad station in Bryson 's English Know-How , No Problem [ XVIII , 4 ] deserves a comment : While loan words often undergo vast changes in meaning when introduced into a new language , the change from the whole to one of at least two of its parts ( assuming there would have been a Class waiting room for a Volksaal [ sic ] to make sense ) in this case seemed too far-fetched .
philip weinberg 's epistola [ xviii , 2 ] [about] the russian word for railroad station in bryson 's english know-how , no problem [ xviii , 4 ] deserves a comment : while loan words often undergo vast changes in meaning when introduced into a new language , the change from the whole to one of at least two of its parts ( assuming there would have been a class waiting room for a volksaal [ sic ] to make sense ) in this case seemed too far-fetched .

The review of the new Random House Webster Dictionary [ XVIII , 1 ] gave space to the matter of inconsistent hyphenation , which I appreciated , and I also agreed with the reviewer 's comments regarding the admittance of so-called naughty bits into the dictionary .
the review of the new random house webster dictionary [ xviii , 1 ] gave space to the matter of inconsistent hyphenation , which i appreciated , and i also agreed with the reviewer 's comments [about] the admittance of so-called naughty bits into the dictionary .

As the standards slip in the marketplace , so they move on down the slippery slope in the education place , with older , wiser , more dedicated , better educated teachers gradually but ineluctably replaced by those who have not a scintilla of enlightenment regarding the meaning of contrary-to-fact condition , comma splice , or double genitive .
as the standards slip in the marketplace , so they move on down the slippery slope in the education place , with older , wiser , more dedicated , better educated teachers gradually but ineluctably replaced by those who have not a scintilla of enlightenment [about] the meaning of contrary-to-fact condition , comma splice , or double genitive .

In the chapter on Style , I expected to find under punctuation a fuller treatment than that afforded : I looked in vain for two things , the wisdom offered regarding serial commas ( whether or when the second comma is required or desirable in A , B , and C , and what the position is on the use of a comma following etc .
in the chapter on style , i expected to find under punctuation a fuller treatment than that afforded : i looked in vain for two things , the wisdom offered [about] serial commas ( whether or when the second comma is required or desirable in a , b , and c , and what the position is on the use of a comma following etc .

Coulmas 's clear exposition of the history of writing systems traces the development of various kinds of writing systems -- ideographic , pictographic , morphemic , syllabic , phonemic , and phonetic -- through history , discussing them individually , describing how certain ancient scripts were deciphered , and presenting his cogent arguments for regarding at least some aspects of language through the analysis of writing .
coulmas 's clear exposition of the history of writing systems traces the development of various kinds of writing systems -- ideographic , pictographic , morphemic , syllabic , phonemic , and phonetic -- through history , discussing them individually , describing how certain ancient scripts were deciphered , and presenting his cogent arguments for [about] at least some aspects of language through the analysis of writing .

Whether one chooses to use this term or the traditional term depends , I suppose , on how sensitive one is to the wishes of people ( or of their leaders ) regarding the way they are named .
whether one chooses to use this term or the traditional term depends , i suppose , on how sensitive one is to the wishes of people ( or of their leaders ) [about] the way they are named .

It seems redundant to point out that all offers I have made in the past to put Ashton-Tate on the right track regarding language ( and manuals ) have been ignored , though it is hard to say whether that is out of their arrogance , their ignorance , or their inability to read my letters. -- Editor ] I read with interest the account of your experience with the Ashton-Tate word-processing program Framework III [ XVI ,4 ] .
it seems redundant to point out that all offers i have made in the past to put ashton-tate on the right track [about] language ( and manuals ) have been ignored , though it is hard to say whether that is out of their arrogance , their ignorance , or their inability to read my letters. -- editor ] i read with interest the account of your experience with the ashton-tate word-processing program framework iii [ xvi ,4 ] .

The final stage is now evident in the state 's motto regarding drugs : “ MO SAYS NO TO DRUGS , ” where MO is obviously to be rhymed with NO .
the final stage is now evident in the state 's motto [about] drugs : “ mo says no to drugs , ” where mo is obviously to be rhymed with no .

