In the Blue Ridge meeting , the audience was warned that entering a candidate for governor would force it to take petitions out into voting precincts to obtain the signatures of registered voters .
in the blue ridge meeting , the audience was warned that entering a candidate for governor would force it to take petitions out into voting precincts to obtain the signatures of [signed up] voters .

The Troop is proud of its camping-out program -- on year-round schedule and was continued even when sub-zero temperatures were registered during the past winter .
the troop is proud of its camping-out program -- on year-round schedule and was continued even when sub-zero temperatures were [signed up] during the past winter .

Registered Democrats in New York City this year have the opportunity to elect their party's candidates for Mayor and other municipal posts and the men who will run their party organization .
[signed up] democrats in new york city this year have the opportunity to elect their party's candidates for mayor and other municipal posts and the men who will run their party organization .

Sir -- We are writing in reference to a recent `` suggestion '' made to the staff of the Public Health Nursing Service of Jersey City ( registered professional nurses with college background and varying experiences ) .
sir -- we are writing in reference to a recent `` suggestion '' made to the staff of the public health nursing service of jersey city ( [signed up] professional nurses with college background and varying experiences ) .

According to a newspaper report of the 1961 statistics of the Church of England , the `` total of confirmed members is 9,748,000 , but only 2,887,671 are registered on the parochial church rolls '' , and `` over 27 million people in England are baptized into the Church of England , but roughly only a tenth of them continue '' .
according to a newspaper report of the 1961 statistics of the church of england , the `` total of confirmed members is 9,748,000 , but only 2,887,671 are [signed up] on the parochial church rolls '' , and `` over 27 million people in england are baptized into the church of england , but roughly only a tenth of them continue '' .

Fees are not the same and some states do not require certain craft , such as sailboats with no power , to be registered at all .
fees are not the same and some states do not require certain craft , such as sailboats with no power , to be [signed up] at all .

Further , there is no mileage charge or mileage limitations when you lease a car , and you pay only the flat monthly rate plus a nominal charge for documents and insurance since the car is registered and insured individually for your trip .
further , there is no mileage charge or mileage limitations when you lease a car , and you pay only the flat monthly rate plus a nominal charge for documents and insurance since the car is [signed up] and insured individually for your trip .

And on the summit of Mount Washington , where thirty-five degrees below zero is commonplace and the wind velocity has registered higher than anywhere else in the world , there is a kind of wisdom to be found that other men often seek in the Himalayas `` because it is there '' .
and on the summit of mount washington , where thirty-five degrees below zero is commonplace and the wind velocity has [signed up] higher than anywhere else in the world , there is a kind of wisdom to be found that other men often seek in the himalayas `` because it is there '' .

In early June ten million young men registered by name and number .
in early june ten million young men [signed up] by name and number .

The Administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered .
the administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily [signed up] .

The Registry of Motor Vehicles indicates that at least one state automobile was registered as far back as 1917 .
the registry of motor vehicles indicates that at least one state automobile was [signed up] as far back as 1917 .

Slightly more than 5,000 boats were registered with the Coast Guard prior to the recent passage of the state boating law .
slightly more than 5,000 boats were [signed up] with the coast guard prior to the recent passage of the state boating law .

Only a few more than 10,000 boats had been registered with the Division of Harbors and Rivers at the end of the 1960 boating season , but many had been taken out of the water early when the threat of a hurricane brought the season to an early close .
only a few more than 10,000 boats had been [signed up] with the division of harbors and rivers at the end of the 1960 boating season , but many had been taken out of the water early when the threat of a hurricane brought the season to an early close .

Petitioner registered with Local Board No. 9 , Boulder , Colorado , on March 17 , 1952 .
petitioner [signed up] with local board no. 9 , boulder , colorado , on march 17 , 1952 .

He is a member of the Institution of Electrical Engineers , London , a registered professional engineer in Connecticut and Ohio , and a chartered electrical engineer in Great Britain .
he is a member of the institution of electrical engineers , london , a [signed up] professional engineer in connecticut and ohio , and a chartered electrical engineer in great britain .

So a quick count could be made at any time , even by an illiterate clerk , of the number of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes .
so a quick count could be made at any time , even by an illiterate clerk , of the number of [signed up] persons in four age-and-sex classes .

Numbers of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes were counted each year .
numbers of [signed up] persons in four age-and-sex classes were counted each year .

I noticed that he was in Unit 12 and that he had registered under the name of Oscar L. Palmer and wife , giving a San Francisco address .
i noticed that he was in unit 12 and that he had [signed up] under the name of oscar l. palmer and wife , giving a san francisco address .

Her initial intelligence tests registered above normal and her adaptation index was unusually high .
her initial intelligence tests [signed up] above normal and her adaptation index was unusually high .

Why had I registered ? ?
why had i [signed up] ? ?

as he looked at her , it registered anxiety .
as he looked at her , it [signed up] anxiety .

The lady with the alligator bag registered interest , doubt , then indignation ; ;
the lady with the alligator bag [signed up] interest , doubt , then indignation ; ;

It never registered with them that I had time to read all of Balzac , Dickens , and Stendhal while Papa was dying , not to mention everything in the city library after Mother's operation .
it never [signed up] with them that i had time to read all of balzac , dickens , and stendhal while papa was dying , not to mention everything in the city library after mother's operation .

Computerised equipment can trace registered owners and send out hundreds of summonses each day .
computerised equipment can trace [signed up] owners and send out hundreds of summonses each day .

Because it 's a registered nursing home , according to the rules its owners are liable for the cost of medical supplies .
because it 's a [signed up] nursing home , according to the rules its owners are liable for the cost of medical supplies .

She says that between three and four thousand people in the country have so far registered complaints about the drug with their solicitors — they will have to be examined before any action is taken to get expert advice on how probable it is that their problem was caused by the Myodil injections .
she says that between three and four thousand people in the country have so far [signed up] complaints about the drug with their solicitors — they will have to be examined before any action is taken to get expert advice on how probable it is that their problem was caused by the myodil injections .

When they arrived at Waddesdon they were registered as aliens .
when they arrived at waddesdon they were [signed up] as aliens .

Her doctor told Swindon Crown Court that Mrs Fribbens was registered blind and suffered frequent bouts of confusion , and Judge John McNaught said it was important not to attach too much weight to a statement she gave to the police .
her doctor told swindon crown court that mrs fribbens was [signed up] blind and suffered frequent bouts of confusion , and judge john mcnaught said it was important not to attach too much weight to a statement she gave to the police .

Mr Ashmore is fifty three and is registered sick .
mr ashmore is fifty three and is [signed up] sick .

Yes it was an Australian accent but skipper Jason Gallian is registered with Lancashire as a player and has qualified to play for England .
yes it was an australian accent but skipper jason gallian is [signed up] with lancashire as a player and has qualified to play for england .

They were part of a group of students returning from Stratford to London where they were registered at a college on Picadilly .
they were part of a group of students returning from stratford to london where they were [signed up] at a college on picadilly .

If you fancy your chances at bigger shows but ca n't afford to buy or keep a top class horse , think about a registered Mountain and Moorland for a fraction of the price .
if you fancy your chances at bigger shows but ca n't afford to buy or keep a top class horse , think about a [signed up] mountain and moorland for a fraction of the price .

If you fancy your chances at bigger shows think about a registered Mountain and Moorland for a fraction of the price .
if you fancy your chances at bigger shows think about a [signed up] mountain and moorland for a fraction of the price .

Well you would be registered here then would n't you .
well you would be [signed up] here then would n't you .

Erm do you have to be registered say with the council at that address ?
erm do you have to be [signed up] say with the council at that address ?

Erm no you do n't have to be registered with the council .
erm no you do n't have to be [signed up] with the council .

If paying by Access , Visa or Diners Club Credit Card please make sure that the address given is the cardholder 's registered address and quote the expiry date of your card .
if paying by access , visa or diners club credit card please make sure that the address given is the cardholder 's [signed up] address and quote the expiry date of your card .

Cos the keys are all the keys are individual and they 're registered .
cos the keys are all the keys are individual and they 're [signed up] .

it 's a blue Toyota registered to Mr Jim
it 's a blue toyota [signed up] to mr jim

Craythorn registered .
craythorn [signed up] .

you pay for it , then it 's your car , but it 's still registered in your name
you pay for it , then it 's your car , but it 's still [signed up] in your name

And it had n't been registered .
and it had n't been [signed up] .

It had n't been registered so they 'd got , the police have got no way of tracing it .
it had n't been [signed up] so they 'd got , the police have got no way of tracing it .

Er registered you see . Er Welsh colts and things of that nature are coming back a bit now , they are building up now er but
er [signed up] you see . er welsh colts and things of that nature are coming back a bit now , they are building up now er but

Coastguards said they were still unclear how the Danish registered coastal vessel Bettina Danica had managed to run aground on Stroma .
coastguards said they were still unclear how the danish [signed up] coastal vessel bettina danica had managed to run aground on stroma .

But the Turkish community , the largest of all foreign groups , now registered about 30,000 births annually in Germany .
but the turkish community , the largest of all foreign groups , now [signed up] about 30,000 births annually in germany .

But the committee said that in accepting sponsorship of the restoration work carried out on his pond , Mr Gummer received a benefit he should have registered .
but the committee said that in accepting sponsorship of the restoration work carried out on his pond , mr gummer received a benefit he should have [signed up] .

Mr Beregovoy said the loan was legally registered and repaid in full .
mr beregovoy said the loan was legally [signed up] and repaid in full .

As a direct consequence of the Torrie proposal it is also understood that the university 's application for its collections to be granted nationally registered status — giving access to a range of vital funding — is likely to be rejected by the Museum and Galleries Commission .
as a direct consequence of the torrie proposal it is also understood that the university 's application for its collections to be granted nationally [signed up] status — giving access to a range of vital funding — is likely to be rejected by the museum and galleries commission .

Any candidate who obtains more than 12.5 per cent of the registered number of voters ( which means around 18 per cent of the actual vote cast if there is a 70 per cent turnout , as is now being forecast ) is eligible for the run-off .
any candidate who obtains more than 12.5 per cent of the [signed up] number of voters ( which means around 18 per cent of the actual vote cast if there is a 70 per cent turnout , as is now being forecast ) is eligible for the run-off .

Iona members have donated to this independent project which is registered as a charity .
iona members have donated to this independent project which is [signed up] as a charity .

With banks and building society savings , a large number of people have not registered to receive their interest gross .
with banks and building society savings , a large number of people have not [signed up] to receive their interest gross .

‘ Anyone who gets toothache but is n't registered with a dentist wo n't be accepted . ’
‘ anyone who gets toothache but is n't [signed up] with a dentist wo n't be accepted . ’

Britain is still gripped by recession , public sector borrowing is high , inflation running at 4.1pc and there are 2.6m registered unemployed .
britain is still gripped by recession , public sector borrowing is high , inflation running at 4.1pc and there are 2.6m [signed up] unemployed .

In January 4,365 people were registered as unemployed in Darlington .
in january 4,365 people were [signed up] as unemployed in darlington .

Players registered after this date will only be eligible for League matches with Management Committee permission .
players [signed up] after this date will only be eligible for league matches with management committee permission .

Police say the dog could have been used in a fight or dumped by an uncaring owner who could not afford to have the animal registered under dangerous dog legislation .
police say the dog could have been used in a fight or dumped by an uncaring owner who could not afford to have the animal [signed up] under dangerous dog legislation .

Under a new scheme announced by Mr Lamont , registered owners will be entitled to reclaim value added tax on yearling purchases in this country .
under a new scheme announced by mr lamont , [signed up] owners will be entitled to reclaim value added tax on yearling purchases in this country .

Any candidate who has obtained more than 12.5 per cent of the registered vote ( around 18 per cent of the actual vote cast ) is eligible to participate in next Sunday 's run-off .
any candidate who has obtained more than 12.5 per cent of the [signed up] vote ( around 18 per cent of the actual vote cast ) is eligible to participate in next sunday 's run-off .

From the start of 1990 to March 1992 , the report says , registered unemployed in Eastern Europe rose from 100,000 to over four million .
from the start of 1990 to march 1992 , the report says , [signed up] unemployed in eastern europe rose from 100,000 to over four million .

With just 20 per cent of Sunday 's vote they have registered their lowest score in any general election since Mr Mitterrand founded the party 22 years ago .
with just 20 per cent of sunday 's vote they have [signed up] their lowest score in any general election since mr mitterrand founded the party 22 years ago .

Organisations and promoters donate tickets which Ticketlink gives to groups and individuals registered with it .
organisations and promoters donate tickets which ticketlink gives to groups and individuals [signed up] with it .

Now , says the breed society secretary , Libby Henson , there are 500 registered breeders with some 3,000 cattle from Orkney to Cornwall and a strong unrequited demand from Germany .
now , says the breed society secretary , libby henson , there are 500 [signed up] breeders with some 3,000 cattle from orkney to cornwall and a strong unrequited demand from germany .

The fall in unemployment , reported today , is to be welcomed . At this rate it will take until July 2004 before there are no registered unemployed at all !
the fall in unemployment , reported today , is to be welcomed . at this rate it will take until july 2004 before there are no [signed up] unemployed at all !

Trying to clarify confusion which has arisen about the system , the Institute of Auctioneers and Appraisers in Scotland has issued a statement : ‘ It should be clearly understood that all registered male animals must have Cattle Control Documents transferred to the new buyer when sold at auction marts . ’
trying to clarify confusion which has arisen about the system , the institute of auctioneers and appraisers in scotland has issued a statement : ‘ it should be clearly understood that all [signed up] male animals must have cattle control documents transferred to the new buyer when sold at auction marts . ’

In this case the disapproval has been registered with a $ 100 billion fall in the stockmarket value of healthcare companies since last summer — even as markets have headed towards new records .
in this case the disapproval has been [signed up] with a $ 100 billion fall in the stockmarket value of healthcare companies since last summer — even as markets have headed towards new records .

That deal , valued at £700,000 , was registered too late for the two players to be available tonight .
that deal , valued at £700,000 , was [signed up] too late for the two players to be available tonight .

But the 130 dogs registered is high compared to other areas .
but the 130 dogs [signed up] is high compared to other areas .

The trust , which is a registered charity , was founded in 1986 by Seoras Wallace .
the trust , which is a [signed up] charity , was founded in 1986 by seoras wallace .

The wind did not reach the heights on the Beaufort scale registered against Ireland , but Scotland clearly utilised their local knowledge and were less unsettled by its capricious nature .
the wind did not reach the heights on the beaufort scale [signed up] against ireland , but scotland clearly utilised their local knowledge and were less unsettled by its capricious nature .

’ Perhaps the manager , who is still registered as a player , should get out there and show his side the way .
’ perhaps the manager , who is still [signed up] as a player , should get out there and show his side the way .

Paterson 's personal record at Twickenham is rather better , however , having played a key part in the 1971 win and spectated both when Tom Smith scored the decisive try in 1983 and when a draw was registered in 1989 .
paterson 's personal record at twickenham is rather better , however , having played a key part in the 1971 win and spectated both when tom smith scored the decisive try in 1983 and when a draw was [signed up] in 1989 .

West Hartlepool registered their expected win put up fighting resistance in losing 22–4 in stark contrast to their previous two matches , in which they conceded over 80 points .
west hartlepool [signed up] their expected win put up fighting resistance in losing 22–4 in stark contrast to their previous two matches , in which they conceded over 80 points .

West Hartlepool registered their expected win put up fighting resistance in losing 22–4 in stark contrast to their previous two matches , in which they conceded over 80 points .
west hartlepool [signed up] their expected win put up fighting resistance in losing 22–4 in stark contrast to their previous two matches , in which they conceded over 80 points .

Worst hit of all were Motherwell , who had 22 of their 32 registered players either injured or coughing and spluttering , and who had their league game with Celtic postponed as a result of the infection .
worst hit of all were motherwell , who had 22 of their 32 [signed up] players either injured or coughing and spluttering , and who had their league game with celtic postponed as a result of the infection .

Oddly enough , it was not a star of either film who was recalled in speeches at the launch , but Wil Napoleon , who after appearances as an extra in two 1958 films Inn of the Sixth Happiness and The Vikings , always registered as unemployed under the occupation of ‘ film star ’ .
oddly enough , it was not a star of either film who was recalled in speeches at the launch , but wil napoleon , who after appearances as an extra in two 1958 films inn of the sixth happiness and the vikings , always [signed up] as unemployed under the occupation of ‘ film star ’ .

Goal-poacher John Aldridge registered their 400th international goal to settle any possible nerves after just 14 minutes , and McGrath ducked low to nod in the second three minutes before the break .
goal-poacher john aldridge [signed up] their 400th international goal to settle any possible nerves after just 14 minutes , and mcgrath ducked low to nod in the second three minutes before the break .

Sole English challenger Dayflower , now registered with Henry Cecil having begun the season in Dubai , is the sole British representative .
sole english challenger dayflower , now [signed up] with henry cecil having begun the season in dubai , is the sole british representative .

Poisoning incidents have been registered as far back as 1842 .
poisoning incidents have been [signed up] as far back as 1842 .

My problem is that we wish to give a small donation to Bruce for the street children , but our charitable giving is channelled through Charity Giving Scotland , whose vouchers can only be used by a charity registered as such in Britain .
my problem is that we wish to give a small donation to bruce for the street children , but our charitable giving is channelled through charity giving scotland , whose vouchers can only be used by a charity [signed up] as such in britain .

On seeing the mountain of jumbled books Mrs Moore registered shock , but did not hesitate .
on seeing the mountain of jumbled books mrs moore [signed up] shock , but did not hesitate .

Births must be registered within 42 days ; the information includes date and place of birth , name ( if decided ) , sex , name of father , maiden name of mother , father 's occupation .
births must be [signed up] within 42 days ; the information includes date and place of birth , name ( if decided ) , sex , name of father , maiden name of mother , father 's occupation .

For instance , there is good evidence that in Ghana in the 1960s only about 22 % of births and 17 % of deaths were being registered .
for instance , there is good evidence that in ghana in the 1960s only about 22 % of births and 17 % of deaths were being [signed up] .

Registered unemployment rose from 1.4 per cent in 1961–3 to 2.7 per cent in 1968 .
[signed up] unemployment rose from 1.4 per cent in 1961–3 to 2.7 per cent in 1968 .

From peak to trough , registered unemployment rose from 3.5 per cent to 6.0 per cent in the United States and from 1.8 per cent to 3.0 per cent in Europe .
from peak to trough , [signed up] unemployment rose from 3.5 per cent to 6.0 per cent in the united states and from 1.8 per cent to 3.0 per cent in europe .

Registered unemployment in the ACCs rose from around 8 million at the end of the mini-boom to about 15 million in the spring of 1975 .
[signed up] unemployment in the accs rose from around 8 million at the end of the mini-boom to about 15 million in the spring of 1975 .

Is she regis she 's registered with quite a few agencies has n't she ?
is she regis she 's [signed up] with quite a few agencies has n't she ?

then she said yeah he told me all about it , she said he had n't registered .
then she said yeah he told me all about it , she said he had n't [signed up] .

Well she 's registered already .
well she 's [signed up] already .

Ai n't registered . Well you 've bloody registered and you 've only been back a month have n't you ?
ai n't [signed up] . well you 've bloody [signed up] and you 've only been back a month have n't you ?

they 're gon na put a list up of non payers but you ca n't put a lit up of people like him because he 's not registered .
they 're gon na put a list up of non payers but you ca n't put a lit up of people like him because he 's not [signed up] .

He 's not registered anywhere .
he 's not [signed up] anywhere .

And they should , as well , be able to get everyone to attend their own dentist so that as you 're registered with the doctors then you should with the dentist .
and they should , as well , be able to get everyone to attend their own dentist so that as you 're [signed up] with the doctors then you should with the dentist .

Local authorities were unanimous in their objections Stockton , Middlesbrough , Langbaurgh and Hambleton district councils and North Yorkshire and Cleveland county councils registered their concern .
local authorities were unanimous in their objections stockton , middlesbrough , langbaurgh and hambleton district councils and north yorkshire and cleveland county councils [signed up] their concern .

This represents a rise of a massive 140pc and has contributed to the high number of households registered as a priority for rehousing due to homelessness , currently 211 .
this represents a rise of a massive 140pc and has contributed to the high number of households [signed up] as a priority for rehousing due to homelessness , currently 211 .

More than a million potential new shareholders have already registered an interest in the sale , promoted by a massive advertising campaign featuring Inspector Morose .
more than a million potential new shareholders have already [signed up] an interest in the sale , promoted by a massive advertising campaign featuring inspector morose .

Stephen Dorrell , Finnacial Secretary to the Treasury , said 1.8 million potential new investors had registered to buy shares in the latest sale .
stephen dorrell , finnacial secretary to the treasury , said 1.8 million potential new investors had [signed up] to buy shares in the latest sale .

About 1.1 million people have registered with the share information office and only 700,000 with the share shops .
about 1.1 million people have [signed up] with the share information office and only 700,000 with the share shops .

Ms Hurst first registered her marrow as a teenager in 1986 , following a recruitment drive for donors by the London-based Anthony Nolan Research Centre at St Catherine 's Hospital , Birkenhead .
ms hurst first [signed up] her marrow as a teenager in 1986 , following a recruitment drive for donors by the london-based anthony nolan research centre at st catherine 's hospital , birkenhead .

In all , a total of 3,000 people from Llandudno , Llandudno Junction , Conwy , Deganwy and Glan Conwy , have registered with Aberconwy Borough Council as having moved from their homes due to the floods .
in all , a total of 3,000 people from llandudno , llandudno junction , conwy , deganwy and glan conwy , have [signed up] with aberconwy borough council as having moved from their homes due to the floods .

Further success for Liverpool was registered by Andrew Parkinson in the boys under-15 triple jump with 12.06 metres .
further success for liverpool was [signed up] by andrew parkinson in the boys under-15 triple jump with 12.06 metres .

Consumers who registered complaints were last night reassured by Cleveland trading standards officer Eric Robinson .
consumers who [signed up] complaints were last night reassured by cleveland trading standards officer eric robinson .

The polytechnic currently has 71 research students and another 20 waiting to be registered .
the polytechnic currently has 71 research students and another 20 waiting to be [signed up] .

They were staying on the eighth floor of the apartment block in the Upper Downtown financial area of the city where their daughter , Anne , a registered nurse , has lived for three years .
they were staying on the eighth floor of the apartment block in the upper downtown financial area of the city where their daughter , anne , a [signed up] nurse , has lived for three years .

He registered with Langbaurgh housing authority , but with weekly benefit of about £33 , accommodation was difficult to find .
he [signed up] with langbaurgh housing authority , but with weekly benefit of about £33 , accommodation was difficult to find .

The test car was a cool looking two litre multivalve model in glacier blue , first registered in October 1990 and supplied by Georgesons of Breck Road , Anfield .
the test car was a cool looking two litre multivalve model in glacier blue , first [signed up] in october 1990 and supplied by georgesons of breck road , anfield .

Manchester United registered an astonishing double for the second year running as Welsh whizz-kid Ryan Giggs won the Young Player of the Year title .
manchester united [signed up] an astonishing double for the second year running as welsh whizz-kid ryan giggs won the young player of the year title .

He 'd already registered as available for action , back home in Arkansas , but after a year in England , he wrote a letter to his local officer training corps explaining that he did n't want to fight after all .
he 'd already [signed up] as available for action , back home in arkansas , but after a year in england , he wrote a letter to his local officer training corps explaining that he did n't want to fight after all .

Sound waves bounce off them and are registered on a screen .
sound waves bounce off them and are [signed up] on a screen .

Just 90 Pit Bulls have been registered under the Dangerous Dogs Act , introduced in 1991 following public outrage against attacks on children and adults on the mainland .
just 90 pit bulls have been [signed up] under the dangerous dogs act , introduced in 1991 following public outrage against attacks on children and adults on the mainland .

‘ We are not interested in the pet-owners who have registered their dogs .
‘ we are not interested in the pet-owners who have [signed up] their dogs .

He says that in some parts of the country , car boot sales have to be registered with the local authority , this could help .
he says that in some parts of the country , car boot sales have to be [signed up] with the local authority , this could help .

There 's been a massive increase in the number of registered drug addicts in Britain .
there 's been a massive increase in the number of [signed up] drug addicts in britain .

It 's estimated there are 150,000 addicts in the country as oppose to the 16,000 who have registered .
it 's estimated there are 150,000 addicts in the country as oppose to the 16,000 who have [signed up] .

We know that er sixteen schools at least are taking part at the Cotswold Wildlife Park , er we know of at least ten at the walk at Broughton Park , er we 've got er students from polytechnics , Brownies , Guides , Headington Slimmers Magazine Club have registered a team , the advisory centre for multicultural education , Oxford City courier newspaper are promising to send teams .
we know that er sixteen schools at least are taking part at the cotswold wildlife park , er we know of at least ten at the walk at broughton park , er we 've got er students from polytechnics , brownies , guides , headington slimmers magazine club have [signed up] a team , the advisory centre for multicultural education , oxford city courier newspaper are promising to send teams .

Banbury Guardian and Citizen , the Banbury Town Liberals , the Campaign for Oxford even have registered a team .
banbury guardian and citizen , the banbury town liberals , the campaign for oxford even have [signed up] a team .

So the council were faced were having to take a legal action because there was a whole claims that because the land was so old , nobody knew who technically owned it and it was n't registered as we owning it until nineteen sixty six , there was legal disputes about that .
so the council were faced were having to take a legal action because there was a whole claims that because the land was so old , nobody knew who technically owned it and it was n't [signed up] as we owning it until nineteen sixty six , there was legal disputes about that .

There are just 47 registered dockers at Sharpness , and the port handles hundreds of thousands of tons of cargo each year .
there are just 47 [signed up] dockers at sharpness , and the port handles hundreds of thousands of tons of cargo each year .

Registered dockers at Sharpness on the Severn Estuary have returned to work after Friday 's walk-out .
[signed up] dockers at sharpness on the severn estuary have returned to work after friday 's walk-out .

As for the industry 's registered dock labour force , the Government made provision for a three year redundancy scheme , jointly financed by the Government and the employer of any dockers who were ‘ surplus to requirements ’ .
as for the industry 's [signed up] dock labour force , the government made provision for a three year redundancy scheme , jointly financed by the government and the employer of any dockers who were ‘ surplus to requirements ’ .

Of a pre-abolition of more than 9,300 registered dockers , some 70 per cent have been declared redundant under the Dock Labour Compensation Scheme at a cost to the British Tax payer of about £150 million ( 2 ) .
of a pre-abolition of more than 9,300 [signed up] dockers , some 70 per cent have been declared redundant under the dock labour compensation scheme at a cost to the british tax payer of about £150 million ( 2 ) .

If labour requirements can not be met through the more efficient or intensive use of the existing labour force , a great many employers ( almost half ) use temporary or casual labour including former registered dockers made redundant under the Dock Labour Compensation Scheme .
if labour requirements can not be met through the more efficient or intensive use of the existing labour force , a great many employers ( almost half ) use temporary or casual labour including former [signed up] dockers made redundant under the dock labour compensation scheme .

The prospect of a wider ranging enquiry emerged with the report suggesting ‘ significant under-declaration of income by farmers may extend beyond the original area and that some farmers may not be registered as taxpayers . ’
the prospect of a wider ranging enquiry emerged with the report suggesting ‘ significant under-declaration of income by farmers may extend beyond the original area and that some farmers may not be [signed up] as taxpayers . ’

Warbreck ( Mark Backley 2 , Graham Davies ) registered a great 3-1 Lancashire Amateur Cup third round win at Rossendale Amateurs .
warbreck ( mark backley 2 , graham davies ) [signed up] a great 3-1 lancashire amateur cup third round win at rossendale amateurs .

But the building does not comply with the Registered Homes Act , and must close or be upgraded .
but the building does not comply with the [signed up] homes act , and must close or be upgraded .

He said a city seat could disappear because not enough people are registered to vote .
he said a city seat could disappear because not enough people are [signed up] to vote .

In the whole of 1991 , 139,810 diesel models were registered , representing an 8.78pc penetration more than double the figure achieved five years ago .
in the whole of 1991 , 139,810 diesel models were [signed up] , representing an 8.78pc penetration more than double the figure achieved five years ago .

Devonshire House registered a 3-2 home success over leaders Village Eagle , while Brookhouse right-back Mark Brown and centre back Mark McNally scored in their third division 2-1 home win against High Oaks .
devonshire house [signed up] a 3-2 home success over leaders village eagle , while brookhouse right-back mark brown and centre back mark mcnally scored in their third division 2-1 home win against high oaks .

Vauxhall says it has invested significantly in dealer training and customer care with its 500 dealers registered under the Motability scheme reporting increased business .
vauxhall says it has invested significantly in dealer training and customer care with its 500 dealers [signed up] under the motability scheme reporting increased business .

Some 300,000 horses are registered across 14 breeds including Thoroughbreds , Arabs , Ponies , Heavy Breeds .
some 300,000 horses are [signed up] across 14 breeds including thoroughbreds , arabs , ponies , heavy breeds .

The square law of force means that both alternating and direct currents are registered but there is an essentially square-law scale which is cramped at one end .
the square law of force means that both alternating and direct currents are [signed up] but there is an essentially square-law scale which is cramped at one end .

The temperature rise is registered in the former case by an attached or adjacent thermocouple that delivers its thermoelectric e.m.f .
the temperature rise is [signed up] in the former case by an attached or adjacent thermocouple that delivers its thermoelectric e.m.f .

Shoppers creche that must er , registered .
shoppers creche that must er , [signed up] .

One is the children act one will be something on on on the preparation of food , another will be one affecting the way in which charities have to keep registered accounts er , financial accounts which means that an example erm is responsible for registering the accounts of congregations by law .
one is the children act one will be something on on on the preparation of food , another will be one affecting the way in which charities have to keep [signed up] accounts er , financial accounts which means that an example erm is responsible for registering the accounts of congregations by law .

He 's the hardest working of St Andrews ' 98 registered caddies , 67 of whom would report for duty that day .
he 's the hardest working of st andrews ' 98 [signed up] caddies , 67 of whom would report for duty that day .

Funnily enough , Mr Goodfellow now finds himself in a similar situation to the late Leo Fender , having left his original company bearing his name ( now owned as a registered trademark by Lowden ) .
funnily enough , mr goodfellow now finds himself in a similar situation to the late leo fender , having left his original company bearing his name ( now owned as a [signed up] trademark by lowden ) .

Indeed , this fact is more firmly registered in the layman 's mind than any other , and if he or she were asked to give a name to some species , it would probably be either Tyrannosaurus Rex ( wrongly believed to be the known largest ) , Brontosaurus or Diplodocus , the three most often mentioned .
indeed , this fact is more firmly [signed up] in the layman 's mind than any other , and if he or she were asked to give a name to some species , it would probably be either tyrannosaurus rex ( wrongly believed to be the known largest ) , brontosaurus or diplodocus , the three most often mentioned .

In May 1968 , a young man registered at the Las Vegas Sahara Hotel under the name of Dustin Hoffman .
in may 1968 , a young man [signed up] at the las vegas sahara hotel under the name of dustin hoffman .

Her subconscious had registered and clung on to those unfortunate comments made during the course of the operation .
her subconscious had [signed up] and clung on to those unfortunate comments made during the course of the operation .

Your equipment is registered on a national database , with details available to 51 police forces and over 500 used equipment dealers across the country .
your equipment is [signed up] on a national database , with details available to 51 police forces and over 500 used equipment dealers across the country .

The Heritage Centre , a registered charity , plays host to small prearranged groups of visitors from June until September , and is happy to provide both a short guided tour of the island and excellent afternoon teas for the refreshment of the weary traveller in Sunk Island 's village hall close by .
the heritage centre , a [signed up] charity , plays host to small prearranged groups of visitors from june until september , and is happy to provide both a short guided tour of the island and excellent afternoon teas for the refreshment of the weary traveller in sunk island 's village hall close by .

But the Wallabies ' World Cup campaign and ultimate victory has resulted in a nationwide level of rugby union interest which has never been previously registered .
but the wallabies ' world cup campaign and ultimate victory has resulted in a nationwide level of rugby union interest which has never been previously [signed up] .

It gave Spinal Tap the inspiration for ‘ Stonehenge ’ , but otherwise the Reading Festival must have barely registered beyond ‘ laughing stock ’ status in the minds of Barbara 's ‘ intelligent , discerning ’ young music fans .
it gave spinal tap the inspiration for ‘ stonehenge ’ , but otherwise the reading festival must have barely [signed up] beyond ‘ laughing stock ’ status in the minds of barbara 's ‘ intelligent , discerning ’ young music fans .

Des Walker put his Spanish problems behind him as Sampdoria moved into third spot thanks to a 2-1 win at Udinese , while Lazio , minus Paul Gascoigne , registered their third consecutive draw .
des walker put his spanish problems behind him as sampdoria moved into third spot thanks to a 2-1 win at udinese , while lazio , minus paul gascoigne , [signed up] their third consecutive draw .

Chairman Eddie Slinger said : ‘ The committee took the view that there had been a deliberate and flagrant breach of Board regulations which Mr Lamb admitted were designed not only for the benefit of the Board but all registered cricketers .
chairman eddie slinger said : ‘ the committee took the view that there had been a deliberate and flagrant breach of board regulations which mr lamb admitted were designed not only for the benefit of the board but all [signed up] cricketers .

Each registered nurse , midwife and health visitor shall act , at all times , in such a manner as to justify public trust and confidence , to uphold and enhance the good standing and reputation of the profession , to serve the interests of society , and above all to safeguard the interests of individual patients and clients .
each [signed up] nurse , midwife and health visitor shall act , at all times , in such a manner as to justify public trust and confidence , to uphold and enhance the good standing and reputation of the profession , to serve the interests of society , and above all to safeguard the interests of individual patients and clients .

The code goes on to outline what is required of a registered practitioner in the exercise of ‘ professional accountability ’ .
the code goes on to outline what is required of a [signed up] practitioner in the exercise of ‘ professional accountability ’ .

Finding a suitable registered childminder is probably the only option available to most of you as even the best nursery schools and crêches can seldom offer the kind of hours you are likely to need throughout school holiday periods .
finding a suitable [signed up] childminder is probably the only option available to most of you as even the best nursery schools and crêches can seldom offer the kind of hours you are likely to need throughout school holiday periods .

Lists of registered childminders can be obtained from the under-fives adviser employed by the social services department .
lists of [signed up] childminders can be obtained from the under-fives adviser employed by the social services department .

Under the Child Minders Regulations Act of 1948 a person caring for reward for one or more children under five years of age to whom they are not related is required to be registered with the local authority .
under the child minders regulations act of 1948 a person caring for reward for one or more children under five years of age to whom they are not related is required to be [signed up] with the local authority .

Registered health visitors must have a first level qualification in order to undertake postbasic health visitor training .
[signed up] health visitors must have a first level qualification in order to undertake postbasic health visitor training .

Those entered as registered midwives may be first level trained nurses who have gone on to take additional postbasic training as a midwife , or may be direct entrants to midwifery , in which case their qualification is at first level .
those entered as [signed up] midwives may be first level trained nurses who have gone on to take additional postbasic training as a midwife , or may be direct entrants to midwifery , in which case their qualification is at first level .

Some agencies may also circulate details to nurses currently registered with them .
some agencies may also circulate details to nurses currently [signed up] with them .

It seems logical that the minimum required of any returning nurse or health visitor should be that of any other registered practitioner .
it seems logical that the minimum required of any returning nurse or health visitor should be that of any other [signed up] practitioner .

When you first approach an agency check that they are registered as an employment agency with the local government authority .
when you first approach an agency check that they are [signed up] as an employment agency with the local government authority .

Registered nurses , midwives and health visitors of the four countries elect members to the National Boards every five years .
[signed up] nurses , midwives and health visitors of the four countries elect members to the national boards every five years .

That for registered nurses , midwives and health visitors the Code is an extended definition of professional accountability .
that for [signed up] nurses , midwives and health visitors the code is an extended definition of professional accountability .

Examples of the many post-registration opportunities avail-able are given in Jill Baker 's book What Next ? Post-basic Opportunities for Nurses and in a book prepared by the Department of Health and the Central Office of Information entitled Which way — continuing education for first level registered nurses , available from the careers centres addresses given in appendix 3 .
examples of the many post-registration opportunities avail-able are given in jill baker 's book what next ? post-basic opportunities for nurses and in a book prepared by the department of health and the central office of information entitled which way — continuing education for first level [signed up] nurses , available from the careers centres addresses given in appendix 3 .

All these competencies are related to the care of the particular type of patient with whom she is likely to come in contact when registered in that part of the Register for which the student intends to qualify .
all these competencies are related to the care of the particular type of patient with whom she is likely to come in contact when [signed up] in that part of the register for which the student intends to qualify .

These competencies are related to the care of the particular type of patient with whom the nurse is likely to come in contact when registered in that part of the Register for which the student intends to qualify .
these competencies are related to the care of the particular type of patient with whom the nurse is likely to come in contact when [signed up] in that part of the register for which the student intends to qualify .

On the second morning , Miss Honey received by registered post a letter from a firm of local solicitors informing her that the last will and testament of her late father , Dr Honey , had suddenly and mysteriously turned up .
on the second morning , miss honey received by [signed up] post a letter from a firm of local solicitors informing her that the last will and testament of her late father , dr honey , had suddenly and mysteriously turned up .

The rule , introduced for this season , states players must be registered by midday on the last working day before a game .
the rule , introduced for this season , states players must be [signed up] by midday on the last working day before a game .

Castleford-born Goodway , who won 23 caps for Great Britain , was registered in time for him to play in tomorrow 's big championship opener with St Helens .
castleford-born goodway , who won 23 caps for great britain , was [signed up] in time for him to play in tomorrow 's big championship opener with st helens .

The number of people officially registered in some of the flats may have been swelled by visitors from neighbouring apartments .
the number of people officially [signed up] in some of the flats may have been swelled by visitors from neighbouring apartments .

Beeson , a 29-year-old state registered nurse from Southampton , denies cruelty .
beeson , a 29-year-old state [signed up] nurse from southampton , denies cruelty .

Registered brothels could be governed by the laws affecting any business , the conference in Harrogate , North Yorks , is to be told .
[signed up] brothels could be governed by the laws affecting any business , the conference in harrogate , north yorks , is to be told .

Just 33,000 cars were registered in July — and only 13,000 by private motorists — a drop of eight per cent on the same time last year .
just 33,000 cars were [signed up] in july — and only 13,000 by private motorists — a drop of eight per cent on the same time last year .

They were among 518 passengers with 120 cars aboard the Anglo-Irish operated ferry , which is registered in Poland .
they were among 518 passengers with 120 cars aboard the anglo-irish operated ferry , which is [signed up] in poland .

In John Major 's home town of Huntingdon , there are 4,046 registered unemployed compared with 1,418 in 1990 — up 185 per cent .
in john major 's home town of huntingdon , there are 4,046 [signed up] unemployed compared with 1,418 in 1990 — up 185 per cent .

Nannies are not registered with anyone , and police can not check them out .
nannies are not [signed up] with anyone , and police can not check them out .

Childminders — who look after your child in their home — must be registered with the local authority and they and their families are regularly checked by the police , according to the 1989 Children 's Act .
childminders — who look after your child in their home — must be [signed up] with the local authority and they and their families are regularly checked by the police , according to the 1989 children 's act .

That way she will be registered , and she and her family will have been checked by police .
that way she will be [signed up] , and she and her family will have been checked by police .

Shares in News on Sunday Publishing plc , registered company No .
shares in news on sunday publishing plc , [signed up] company no .

Registration is vital ; one may not vote unless one is registered ( ibid , s.1 ( 3 ) ) even though one is entitled to be registered .
registration is vital ; one may not vote unless one is [signed up] ( ibid , s.1 ( 3 ) ) even though one is entitled to be [signed up] .

Contrariwise , one may be able to vote provided that one is in fact registered even though one was not entitled to be registered — the register , when published , is conclusive ( ibid , s.49 ) once notice of an election has been given , although it may be amended on specified grounds prior to that date ( ibid , s.11 ) .
contrariwise , one may be able to vote provided that one is in fact [signed up] even though one was not entitled to be [signed up] — the register , when published , is conclusive ( ibid , s.49 ) once notice of an election has been given , although it may be amended on specified grounds prior to that date ( ibid , s.11 ) .

Persons under 18 but who will attain the age during the current year are entitled to be registered in anticipation of attaining that age .
persons under 18 but who will attain the age during the current year are entitled to be [signed up] in anticipation of attaining that age .

( v ) Mental patients may not be registered as being resident in a particular constituency solely by reason of being in a mental hospital within that constituency .
( v ) mental patients may not be [signed up] as being resident in a particular constituency solely by reason of being in a mental hospital within that constituency .

You do n't have to enter in advance and your dog need n't be registered with the Kennel Club — you just turn up , pays your money and takes your chance !
you do n't have to enter in advance and your dog need n't be [signed up] with the kennel club — you just turn up , pays your money and takes your chance !

If your elderly relative is unfortunate enough to be registered with a doctor who is impatient with the older patients on his list and not particularly interested in geriatric medicine , the best thing to do is to try to get her transferred to the list of another doctor in the area whose attitude towards his elderly patients is known to be more sympathetic and thorough .
if your elderly relative is unfortunate enough to be [signed up] with a doctor who is impatient with the older patients on his list and not particularly interested in geriatric medicine , the best thing to do is to try to get her transferred to the list of another doctor in the area whose attitude towards his elderly patients is known to be more sympathetic and thorough .

This also gives information and current figures for other types of allowances which elderly people may be able to claim , such as those for the registered blind , allowances for the cost of a resident housekeeper ( relative or non-relative ) , and allowances for elderly people who are maintaining a daughter who has to live with them to care for them because of their age or infirmity .
this also gives information and current figures for other types of allowances which elderly people may be able to claim , such as those for the [signed up] blind , allowances for the cost of a resident housekeeper ( relative or non-relative ) , and allowances for elderly people who are maintaining a daughter who has to live with them to care for them because of their age or infirmity .

This should be done through a solicitor on a form drawn up , signed , registered and stamped .
this should be done through a solicitor on a form drawn up , signed , [signed up] and stamped .

An inevitable consequence was a rapid run down in the stock of Catholic Colleges as registered student numbers plummeted to 3,000 by 1980 .
an inevitable consequence was a rapid run down in the stock of catholic colleges as [signed up] student numbers plummeted to 3,000 by 1980 .

An application has been made to the Charity Commissioners for the Bradford Atea Project to be given registered charity status and the association has set itself a target of raising £20,000 during the next 12 months .
an application has been made to the charity commissioners for the bradford atea project to be given [signed up] charity status and the association has set itself a target of raising £20,000 during the next 12 months .

They stepped into the kitchen itself , and Montgomery 's face registered surprise . ‘ This is how the body was found ? ’
they stepped into the kitchen itself , and montgomery 's face [signed up] surprise . ‘ this is how the body was found ? ’

Little snippets of their talk registered in her brain as she strolled past , looking vague and preoccupied .
little snippets of their talk [signed up] in her brain as she strolled past , looking vague and preoccupied .

Her face registered the slightest feeling , concealing little .
her face [signed up] the slightest feeling , concealing little .

The one drawback potential buyers face is that it can only be parked on a registered site , such as a caravan park , or on land of your own .
the one drawback potential buyers face is that it can only be parked on a [signed up] site , such as a caravan park , or on land of your own .

Although the registered disabled comprise a substantial proportion — some 12 per cent — of the population of Britain , only two to three per cent of them are chairbound and only four per cent of the registered blind have a guide dog .
although the [signed up] disabled comprise a substantial proportion — some 12 per cent — of the population of britain , only two to three per cent of them are chairbound and only four per cent of the [signed up] blind have a guide dog .

Six months later the advertising agency was taken over by its successful rivals ; two months after that they were both incorporated in De Chavigny ( Advertising ) , a new company with offices in London , Paris , Zurich , Milan and New York , registered in the Balearic Islands , and with sole responsibility for the marketing of all de Chavigny products and investments , from steel to hotels and property , world-wide .
six months later the advertising agency was taken over by its successful rivals ; two months after that they were both incorporated in de chavigny ( advertising ) , a new company with offices in london , paris , zurich , milan and new york , [signed up] in the balearic islands , and with sole responsibility for the marketing of all de chavigny products and investments , from steel to hotels and property , world-wide .

Pakistan 's start was not quite as grim as India 's at Headingley in 1952 , when the first four batsmen were out before a run had been registered , nor did it quite compare with Australia 's second innings at Brisbane in 1950 , when Bedser and Bailey send back the first three without a run on the board .
pakistan 's start was not quite as grim as india 's at headingley in 1952 , when the first four batsmen were out before a run had been [signed up] , nor did it quite compare with australia 's second innings at brisbane in 1950 , when bedser and bailey send back the first three without a run on the board .

In 1986 21 per cent ( 158000 ) of 755000 live births in the United Kingdom were registered outside of marriage ; 66 per cent of these were jointly registered by cohabiting parents who had chosen not to marry ( Central Statistical Office , 1988 ) .
in 1986 21 per cent ( 158000 ) of 755000 live births in the united kingdom were [signed up] outside of marriage ; 66 per cent of these were jointly [signed up] by cohabiting parents who had chosen not to marry ( central statistical office , 1988 ) .

In 1986 just under 9000 adoptions were registered in Great Britain compared with a peak of 25 000 in 1968 .
in 1986 just under 9000 adoptions were [signed up] in great britain compared with a peak of 25 000 in 1968 .

Balance of payments crises were registered through the balance of short-term assets and liabilities ; and a number of critics , then as now , fastened on the level of overseas military expenditure which in international terms was disproportionately high in relation to national income .
balance of payments crises were [signed up] through the balance of short-term assets and liabilities ; and a number of critics , then as now , fastened on the level of overseas military expenditure which in international terms was disproportionately high in relation to national income .

Monetarists have , moreover , failed to reconcile rising prices over the 1970s with decreasing demand pressure as registered by rising unemployment [ Graham , 1979 ] .
monetarists have , moreover , failed to reconcile rising prices over the 1970s with decreasing demand pressure as [signed up] by rising unemployment [ graham , 1979 ] .

Quite clearly it was for me to initiate action to ensure that all aircraft of that type were checked for similar fractures at the earliest possible moment , but the responsibility for ordering such an inspection lies with the airworthiness authorities of the States in which the aircraft were registered and not with the accident investigation authorities .
quite clearly it was for me to initiate action to ensure that all aircraft of that type were checked for similar fractures at the earliest possible moment , but the responsibility for ordering such an inspection lies with the airworthiness authorities of the states in which the aircraft were [signed up] and not with the accident investigation authorities .

Since it necessarily takes a long time to produce such a report , the mandatory period within which the legal claim should be registered has frequently , even usually , expired before the report is available .
since it necessarily takes a long time to produce such a report , the mandatory period within which the legal claim should be [signed up] has frequently , even usually , expired before the report is available .

Also , it has a joint promotion with Avid Technology Inc , offering its 6,000 registered NuVista+ videographics engine users a $ 1,500 discount on Avid 's Media Suite Pro desktop video production system .
also , it has a joint promotion with avid technology inc , offering its 6,000 [signed up] nuvista+ videographics engine users a $ 1,500 discount on avid 's media suite pro desktop video production system .

Easel Corp , Burlington , Massachusetts has registered an offering 647,878 shares , all from holders that accepted the shares in connection with the acquisition by Easel Corp of Enfin Software Corp .
easel corp , burlington , massachusetts has [signed up] an offering 647,878 shares , all from holders that accepted the shares in connection with the acquisition by easel corp of enfin software corp .

BellSouth Corp 's BellSouth Telecommunications Inc filed a shelf registration with the Securities & Exchange Commission for up to $ 800m of debt securities , part of a $ 975m offering to be used for working capital , of which $ 175m was already registered .
bellsouth corp 's bellsouth telecommunications inc filed a shelf registration with the securities & exchange commission for up to $ 800m of debt securities , part of a $ 975m offering to be used for working capital , of which $ 175m was already [signed up] .

Her glance rested on him only for a matter of seconds , yet his face could not have registered more in her mind had she been staring at him for an hour .
her glance rested on him only for a matter of seconds , yet his face could not have [signed up] more in her mind had she been staring at him for an hour .

Now , is it any wonder why American businesses in Singapore have for the last 5 years registered a remarkable 25% average rate of return .
now , is it any wonder why american businesses in singapore have for the last 5 years [signed up] a remarkable 25% average rate of return .

On return of this document , the participant named overleaf , will automatically be registered as an entrant in the Ultimate Prize Draw , with six changes to win the first prize jackpot of £50,000 .
on return of this document , the participant named overleaf , will automatically be [signed up] as an entrant in the ultimate prize draw , with six changes to win the first prize jackpot of £50,000 .

Panchromatic and false-colour infrared images , registered to the British National Grid , are proving very effective for the interpretation of both regional structures and geomorphology ( see frontispiece ) .
panchromatic and false-colour infrared images , [signed up] to the british national grid , are proving very effective for the interpretation of both regional structures and geomorphology ( see frontispiece ) .

Recently , however , we have seen a growth in the number of private registered agencies , some of which set out to provide a combination of domestic and personal help to frail elderly people .
recently , however , we have seen a growth in the number of private [signed up] agencies , some of which set out to provide a combination of domestic and personal help to frail elderly people .

At a trade exhibition in Miami in February 1991 , ‘ legcuffs ’ were being promoted at a stall registered in the name of ‘ Hiatt and Company Ltd of Birmingham ’ .
at a trade exhibition in miami in february 1991 , ‘ legcuffs ’ were being promoted at a stall [signed up] in the name of ‘ hiatt and company ltd of birmingham ’ .

Two police officers were suspended and a case of murder was registered .
two police officers were suspended and a case of murder was [signed up] .

He and three passengers travelling with him were arrested , on the grounds that the car was not registered in the name of the driver .
he and three passengers travelling with him were arrested , on the grounds that the car was not [signed up] in the name of the driver .

It is beyond doubt that the introduction of the tax sent the numbers of registered voters plummeting .
it is beyond doubt that the introduction of the tax sent the numbers of [signed up] voters plummeting .

And there are very few marginals that the Conservatives retained with a majority smaller than the drop in the number of people registered — only four , in fact : Coventry South West , Kensington , Edmonton , and Eltham .
and there are very few marginals that the conservatives retained with a majority smaller than the drop in the number of people [signed up] — only four , in fact : coventry south west , kensington , edmonton , and eltham .

They found that only about half would have voted Labour if they had been registered .
they found that only about half would have voted labour if they had been [signed up] .

There is a strong incentive for local Labour parties to get everyone registered , even in safe urban seats , to avoid the seat disappearing altogether .
there is a strong incentive for local labour parties to get everyone [signed up] , even in safe urban seats , to avoid the seat disappearing altogether .

Some local authorities have been very effective at this — in Greenwich , people who registered were entered in a prize draw .
some local authorities have been very effective at this — in greenwich , people who [signed up] were entered in a prize draw .

The white man , as is his habit , acted as though it all came as an immense surprise , and having registered his perturbation at the undamned reservoirs of fury from those previously ‘ unheard ’ , called for reconciliation and mutual forgiveness and understanding .
the white man , as is his habit , acted as though it all came as an immense surprise , and having [signed up] his perturbation at the undamned reservoirs of fury from those previously ‘ unheard ’ , called for reconciliation and mutual forgiveness and understanding .

Another factor not taken into account before the election was the number of expatriate Tory voters registered in marginal constituencies .
another factor not taken into account before the election was the number of expatriate tory voters [signed up] in marginal constituencies .

Would n't it be a good idea for the Labour Party in those places to check whether all the expats were legitimately registered ?
would n't it be a good idea for the labour party in those places to check whether all the expats were legitimately [signed up] ?

At present , people living in mental hospitals are therefore disadvantaged compared with those living at home , who can be registered to vote without any test of competence .
at present , people living in mental hospitals are therefore disadvantaged compared with those living at home , who can be [signed up] to vote without any test of competence .

Some parents or relatives do n't think it 's important to get their friend or relative registered .
some parents or relatives do n't think it 's important to get their friend or relative [signed up] .

The government recently spent £750,000 on publicity aimed at giving those living overseas a vote — 34,500 registered as a result , nearly £22 a vote .
the government recently spent £750,000 on publicity aimed at giving those living overseas a vote — 34,500 [signed up] as a result , nearly £22 a vote .

He found that the proportion of over-70s registered for a proxy/postal vote varied from 0.7 per cent to 25 per cent in different parts of the country ; this variation has little or nothing to do with geographical or demographic factors .
he found that the proportion of over-70s [signed up] for a proxy/postal vote varied from 0.7 per cent to 25 per cent in different parts of the country ; this variation has little or nothing to do with geographical or demographic factors .

The Home Office appears to have no clear idea why two million voters are not registered , nor why 11 million people did not vote in 1987 .
the home office appears to have no clear idea why two million voters are not [signed up] , nor why 11 million people did not vote in 1987 .

But certain hits were registered , casualties created amongst the English gunners , and what was almost as important , great holes and craters made in the infilled ditches .
but certain hits were [signed up] , casualties created amongst the english gunners , and what was almost as important , great holes and craters made in the infilled ditches .

Nevertheless the episode had shown the Government that it had no authority to ban newspapers published in Tanzania which were properly registered and also that it might have been in difficulty had it not discovered a technical irregularity in the case of Ulimwengu .
nevertheless the episode had shown the government that it had no authority to ban newspapers published in tanzania which were properly [signed up] and also that it might have been in difficulty had it not discovered a technical irregularity in the case of ulimwengu .

As things stood , although the Government was able to refuse registration to a newspaper on the grounds of some technicality or other , nothing in law prevented a person from using one of the existing , properly registered newspapers to put over a particular political line .
as things stood , although the government was able to refuse registration to a newspaper on the grounds of some technicality or other , nothing in law prevented a person from using one of the existing , properly [signed up] newspapers to put over a particular political line .

But an awareness of what is involved in the purchase deed ( called a conveyance where laud is unregistered , and a ‘ transfer ’ if it is registered ) can be very helpful .
but an awareness of what is involved in the purchase deed ( called a conveyance where laud is unregistered , and a ‘ transfer ’ if it is [signed up] ) can be very helpful .

When suing a limited company a formal company search should be made , preferably by law agents , to confirm the current address of the debtor company 's registered office at which documents must be served .
when suing a limited company a formal company search should be made , preferably by law agents , to confirm the current address of the debtor company 's [signed up] office at which documents must be served .

Section 123 ( 1 ) of the Insolvency Act 1986 provides that a company is deemed unable to pay its debts if a creditor ( by assignment or otherwise ) to whom the company is indebted in a sum exceeding £750 then due has served on the company , by leaving it at the company 's registered office , a written demand ( in the prescribed form ) requiring the company to pay the sum so due and the company has for three weeks thereafter neglected to pay the sum or to secure or compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor .
section 123 ( 1 ) of the insolvency act 1986 provides that a company is deemed unable to pay its debts if a creditor ( by assignment or otherwise ) to whom the company is indebted in a sum exceeding £750 then due has served on the company , by leaving it at the company 's [signed up] office , a written demand ( in the prescribed form ) requiring the company to pay the sum so due and the company has for three weeks thereafter neglected to pay the sum or to secure or compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor .

As Curtin and Shield point out , ‘ Northgate was a publicly quoted company , registered on the Toronto Stock Exchange .
as curtin and shield point out , ‘ northgate was a publicly quoted company , [signed up] on the toronto stock exchange .

He went into the college hall , and registered himself for matriculation among a rowdy assembly of students younger than himself ; and came out into the street to find that it had started to rain .
he went into the college hall , and [signed up] himself for matriculation among a rowdy assembly of students younger than himself ; and came out into the street to find that it had started to rain .

His mobile features registered amusement .
his mobile features [signed up] amusement .

The management have registered the building with the local Fire Officer and the plans subsequently requested have been submitted , but to date no inspection visit has been made .
the management have [signed up] the building with the local fire officer and the plans subsequently requested have been submitted , but to date no inspection visit has been made .

Check that they are registered with the Office of Fair Trading .
check that they are [signed up] with the office of fair trading .

To register a claim on the liquidator 's list , simply write to the company 's registered office , which you can normally get from their letterhead .
to register a claim on the liquidator 's list , simply write to the company 's [signed up] office , which you can normally get from their letterhead .

It was then as if she hardly registered his arrival .
it was then as if she hardly [signed up] his arrival .

The only sounds he registered were the faint rumblings of hangar doors and the occasional roar of powerful engines as his fellow-pilots tested their jets .
the only sounds he [signed up] were the faint rumblings of hangar doors and the occasional roar of powerful engines as his fellow-pilots tested their jets .

His quick eye also registered with some interest that not one of the ladies present , as far as he could judge , belonged to his mother 's circle .
his quick eye also [signed up] with some interest that not one of the ladies present , as far as he could judge , belonged to his mother 's circle .

Two ‘ servants and apprentices to Richard Coke ’ were registered at Exeter among a total of nearly thirty , but the listing was arbitrary , nearly all of them being certified in just two parishes .
two ‘ servants and apprentices to richard coke ’ were [signed up] at exeter among a total of nearly thirty , but the listing was arbitrary , nearly all of them being certified in just two parishes .

( 5 ) It shall be the duty of the governors , in the case of a county or voluntary school , and of the local education authority by whom the school is maintained , in the case of a maintained nursery school ( a ) to use their best endeavours , in exercising their functions in relation to the school , to secure that if any registered pupil has special education needs the special educational provision that is required for him is made ( b ) to secure that , where the responsible person has been informed by the local education authority that a registered pupil has special needs these are made known to all who are likely to teach him ; and ( c ) to secure that the teachers in the school are aware of the importance of identifying , and providing for , those registered pupils who have special educational needs .
( 5 ) it shall be the duty of the governors , in the case of a county or voluntary school , and of the local education authority by whom the school is maintained , in the case of a maintained nursery school ( a ) to use their best endeavours , in exercising their functions in relation to the school , to secure that if any [signed up] pupil has special education needs the special educational provision that is required for him is made ( b ) to secure that , where the responsible person has been informed by the local education authority that a [signed up] pupil has special needs these are made known to all who are likely to teach him ; and ( c ) to secure that the teachers in the school are aware of the importance of identifying , and providing for , those [signed up] pupils who have special educational needs .

If we are interested in young mothers , then we might try the Register of Births , and ask for a list of all recent births that have been registered .
if we are interested in young mothers , then we might try the register of births , and ask for a list of all recent births that have been [signed up] .

Registration In the United Kingdom , certain life events have to be registered by law .
registration in the united kingdom , certain life events have to be [signed up] by law .

If there is a possibility that he may have died but that you have not been informed , you can check by writing to or visiting St. Catherine 's House , where the indexes of registered deaths are filed .
if there is a possibility that he may have died but that you have not been informed , you can check by writing to or visiting st. catherine 's house , where the indexes of [signed up] deaths are filed .

Registered blind people can claim an allowance of £1,080 a year .
[signed up] blind people can claim an allowance of £1,080 a year .

If both husband and wife are registered as blind , they can each claim the allowance .
if both husband and wife are [signed up] as blind , they can each claim the allowance .

Gifts to registered charities
gifts to [signed up] charities

They are often registered overseas .
they are often [signed up] overseas .

Presently , perhaps tardily , foam engulfed the platforms to douse the clingfire — blinding this particular spy-fly , though by now Jaq had registered the loyalists ' hard-won gain …
presently , perhaps tardily , foam engulfed the platforms to douse the clingfire — blinding this particular spy-fly , though by now jaq had [signed up] the loyalists ' hard-won gain …

’ Even Carnelian registered surprise .
’ even carnelian [signed up] surprise .

The Open Software Foundation says vendors have registered 22 platforms for the Distributed Computing Environment Interoperability Festival it is hosting between April 12-30th at its Cambridge , Massachusetts headquarters .
the open software foundation says vendors have [signed up] 22 platforms for the distributed computing environment interoperability festival it is hosting between april 12-30th at its cambridge , massachusetts headquarters .

The college also has a course for physically or mentally handicapped students which is free to those registered disabled , Ribber Courses for double bed machines and another on panelled skirts and shadow pleats .
the college also has a course for physically or mentally handicapped students which is free to those [signed up] disabled , ribber courses for double bed machines and another on panelled skirts and shadow pleats .

The definition of a residential care home in the Registered Homes Act 1984 is :
the definition of a residential care home in the [signed up] homes act 1984 is :

In Scotland the Registered Establishments ( Scotland ) Act ( 1987 ) fulfils the same function .
in scotland the [signed up] establishments ( scotland ) act ( 1987 ) fulfils the same function .

In 1988 the Department of Health and Social Security , Northern Ireland issued a ‘ Consultative paper on the Registration and Inspection of Private and Voluntary Residential and Nursing Homes ’ with a view to promoting a registered homes order in due course .
in 1988 the department of health and social security , northern ireland issued a ‘ consultative paper on the registration and inspection of private and voluntary residential and nursing homes ’ with a view to promoting a [signed up] homes order in due course .

Even when compared with the 1983 landslide victory , the Conservative share of the vote increased in the South East ( including Greater London ) , East Anglia , West Midlands and East Midlands , and registered only a marginal decline in the South West ( albeit with a share of the vote still in excess of 50 per cent ) .
even when compared with the 1983 landslide victory , the conservative share of the vote increased in the south east ( including greater london ) , east anglia , west midlands and east midlands , and [signed up] only a marginal decline in the south west ( albeit with a share of the vote still in excess of 50 per cent ) .

The cause of Mozart 's death was registered as ‘ acute miliary fever ’ .
the cause of mozart 's death was [signed up] as ‘ acute miliary fever ’ .

Chantal 's mouth dropped as she opened her apartment door and registered the sodden , bedraggled figure on the landing . ‘ Rober' ! — what are you doing here ? You are wet to the skin ! ’
chantal 's mouth dropped as she opened her apartment door and [signed up] the sodden , bedraggled figure on the landing . ‘ rober' ! — what are you doing here ? you are wet to the skin ! ’

Roquelaure registered surprise , and the grim expression on the broad tanned face transformed instantly .
roquelaure [signed up] surprise , and the grim expression on the broad tanned face transformed instantly .

Roquelaure registered no surprise .
roquelaure [signed up] no surprise .

It was early evening when the French registered , twin-engined Piper Aztec dipped low over the softly lit Surrey meadows on its final approach to Biggin Hill .
it was early evening when the french [signed up] , twin-engined piper aztec dipped low over the softly lit surrey meadows on its final approach to biggin hill .

’ His face registered disbelief , then his lips parted in a smile .
’ his face [signed up] disbelief , then his lips parted in a smile .

’ Tom Tavey 's face registered blank disbelief .
’ tom tavey 's face [signed up] blank disbelief .

Evidence of insufficient cover might include someone other than the insured person driving the vehicle ; the vehicle being used for the purpose other than agreed , e.g. for business purposes ; or the present vehicle not being entered on the firm 's records ( this being difficult to detect in these days of not generally showing a registered number on a certificate ) .
evidence of insufficient cover might include someone other than the insured person driving the vehicle ; the vehicle being used for the purpose other than agreed , e.g. for business purposes ; or the present vehicle not being entered on the firm 's records ( this being difficult to detect in these days of not generally showing a [signed up] number on a certificate ) .

Luke states that everyone had to go to their home town to be registered .
luke states that everyone had to go to their home town to be [signed up] .

It was at this time that the modern meaning of the word ‘ pacifist ’ became established : the semantic change registered a deep and abiding split within the peace movement .
it was at this time that the modern meaning of the word ‘ pacifist ’ became established : the semantic change [signed up] a deep and abiding split within the peace movement .

Simply put your idea into an envelope and send it , registered post , to yourself — first ensuring the Post Office stamps all the joins of the envelope .
simply put your idea into an envelope and send it , [signed up] post , to yourself — first ensuring the post office stamps all the joins of the envelope .

Mrs Kirstine Fry had suffered the misfortune to open a registered letter from the increasingly unpopular Flashman , dismissing her husband and outlining six reasons why he had to go .
mrs kirstine fry had suffered the misfortune to open a [signed up] letter from the increasingly unpopular flashman , dismissing her husband and outlining six reasons why he had to go .

And the Kop instantly registered their approval .
and the kop instantly [signed up] their approval .

75% of employers are failing to meet the requirement that 3% of their staff should be registered disabled ( p 102 ) .
75% of employers are failing to meet the requirement that 3% of their staff should be [signed up] disabled ( p 102 ) .

Checks carried out by the Inland Revenue on a sample of bank and building society accounts have revealed that some people have incorrectly registered to receive interest payments without deduction of income tax .
checks carried out by the inland revenue on a sample of bank and building society accounts have revealed that some people have incorrectly [signed up] to receive interest payments without deduction of income tax .

For example , a company registered on 29 August 1992 fixes its accounting reference date at 28 February .
for example , a company [signed up] on 29 august 1992 fixes its accounting reference date at 28 february .

Hays Allen itself registered a 2.7 % drop in fee income to £6.8m for the year to 30 April .
hays allen itself [signed up] a 2.7 % drop in fee income to £6.8m for the year to 30 april .

An Employment Policy Institute report , Disabled in the Labour Market : Economic Report , Volume 7 , states that 75 % of employers are failing to ensure that 3 % of their staff are registered disabled .
an employment policy institute report , disabled in the labour market : economic report , volume 7 , states that 75 % of employers are failing to ensure that 3 % of their staff are [signed up] disabled .

Checks carried out by the Inland Revenue on a sample of bank and building society accounts have revealed that some people have incorrectly registered to receive interest payments without deduction of income tax .
checks carried out by the inland revenue on a sample of bank and building society accounts have revealed that some people have incorrectly [signed up] to receive interest payments without deduction of income tax .

Anyone who thinks they may have become liable to tax since they registered should tell their bank or building society to cancel the registration as soon as possible .
anyone who thinks they may have become liable to tax since they [signed up] should tell their bank or building society to cancel the registration as soon as possible .

The change would not apply , however , to public interest companies , such as those registered under the Financial Services Act .
the change would not apply , however , to public interest companies , such as those [signed up] under the financial services act .

Theo Van Dort says : ‘ From the first 1,705 registered users , 53 % required no support at all , 34 % less than five calls and 13 % more than five calls .
theo van dort says : ‘ from the first 1,705 [signed up] users , 53 % required no support at all , 34 % less than five calls and 13 % more than five calls .

The Eleventh Company Law Directive deals with the disclosures , including accounting documents , which have to be made by branches established in one member state of companies registered in another member state or outside the European Community .
the eleventh company law directive deals with the disclosures , including accounting documents , which have to be made by branches established in one member state of companies [signed up] in another member state or outside the european community .

The principles of company law the Lords applied in this case are also relevant to companies registered in the jurisdiction of England and Wales .
the principles of company law the lords applied in this case are also relevant to companies [signed up] in the jurisdiction of england and wales .

Contracts can cover charges for medical and surgical procedures ( including diagnosis ) given by or under the supervision of a registered medical or dental practitioner , to the insured as a private inpatient or outpatient of a hospital .
contracts can cover charges for medical and surgical procedures ( including diagnosis ) given by or under the supervision of a [signed up] medical or dental practitioner , to the insured as a private inpatient or outpatient of a hospital .

If the audit regime were removed , it would mean that most small practitioners would no longer need to suffer the burden of being registered auditors , with the commensurate savings that would arise in terms of regulatory fees , penal professional indemnity insurance and time .
if the audit regime were removed , it would mean that most small practitioners would no longer need to suffer the burden of being [signed up] auditors , with the commensurate savings that would arise in terms of regulatory fees , penal professional indemnity insurance and time .

Likewise , our Institute must lobby to ensure that , if change has to come , then only registered auditors or at least members of the Institute are permitted to sign the compilation report .
likewise , our institute must lobby to ensure that , if change has to come , then only [signed up] auditors or at least members of the institute are permitted to sign the compilation report .

The two bodies ' first annual reports to the Department of Trade and Industry reveal an alarmingly high proportion of registered firms which have failed to meet the standards set by audit regulation .
the two bodies ' first annual reports to the department of trade and industry reveal an alarmingly high proportion of [signed up] firms which have failed to meet the standards set by audit regulation .

Dryfield Finance of Yeovil , Somerset has been registered as a bank for the past 10 years and its Tessas are also covered by the deposit-holders ' protection scheme .
dryfield finance of yeovil , somerset has been [signed up] as a bank for the past 10 years and its tessas are also covered by the deposit-holders ' protection scheme .

First , we relate the size of the audit firms ( measured by the number of registered audit partners ) to the number of audits they hold .
first , we relate the size of the audit firms ( measured by the number of [signed up] audit partners ) to the number of audits they hold .

This combined number of fewer than 300 audit firms represents less than 3 % of the total number registered .
this combined number of fewer than 300 audit firms represents less than 3 % of the total number [signed up] .

The Securities and Futures Authority proposes that the first £5m of any levy on its members would continue to be raised on a weighted , registered persons basis , taking account of the amount of business conducted with private clients .
the securities and futures authority proposes that the first £5m of any levy on its members would continue to be raised on a weighted , [signed up] persons basis , taking account of the amount of business conducted with private clients .

Director Jane Townsend , a registered sports psychologist and a member of the British Association of Sports Medicine , provided these tips :
director jane townsend , a [signed up] sports psychologist and a member of the british association of sports medicine , provided these tips :

The child , registered Willem , was already a miracle of vitality .
the child , [signed up] willem , was already a miracle of vitality .

By 1937 , the cheese had become so popular that the monks registered its name .
by 1937 , the cheese had become so popular that the monks [signed up] its name .

The British Humanist Association , a registered charity , is trying to meet the need for a non-religious ‘ christening ’ .
the british humanist association , a [signed up] charity , is trying to meet the need for a non-religious ‘ christening ’ .

It is too early to form a complete picture of those firms that are registered .
it is too early to form a complete picture of those firms that are [signed up] .

Their costs , in lost chargeable hours , are borne by their firms rather than by registered auditors as a body .
their costs , in lost chargeable hours , are borne by their firms rather than by [signed up] auditors as a body .

Indeed , if there is one conclusion that can be drawn from the first year 's experience of audit regulation , it is that so far there is insufficient evidence to judge the quality of the service registered auditors provide .
indeed , if there is one conclusion that can be drawn from the first year 's experience of audit regulation , it is that so far there is insufficient evidence to judge the quality of the service [signed up] auditors provide .

It also shows that 10,200 firms are now registered with the three bodies , of which 160 firms audit listed companies ; however , only 20 audit more than five listed companies .
it also shows that 10,200 firms are now [signed up] with the three bodies , of which 160 firms audit listed companies ; however , only 20 audit more than five listed companies .

90 % of registered firms have four or fewer partners and 68 % are sole practitioners .
90 % of [signed up] firms have four or fewer partners and 68 % are sole practitioners .

The Review notes an increase in the number of complaints against registered auditors , but puts this down to growing recognition of the Institute as a regulatory body .
the review notes an increase in the number of complaints against [signed up] auditors , but puts this down to growing recognition of the institute as a regulatory body .

In letters to charities she is warning them about the extra administration time that trustees will spend making tax claims and notifying changes of registered particulars , and advising them that much of it could be saved by selling existing investments and contributing the proceeds of sale to a common investment fund .
in letters to charities she is warning them about the extra administration time that trustees will spend making tax claims and notifying changes of [signed up] particulars , and advising them that much of it could be saved by selling existing investments and contributing the proceeds of sale to a common investment fund .

Registered companies are exempted from all taxes on approved activities , and no currency or exchange restrictions are imposed .
[signed up] companies are exempted from all taxes on approved activities , and no currency or exchange restrictions are imposed .

It is not essential for an organisation to be registered with the Charity Commission to qualify as a charity for tax purposes .
it is not essential for an organisation to be [signed up] with the charity commission to qualify as a charity for tax purposes .

Assuming that the organisation that is established to give help to prisoners in the Caribbean is based in England or Wales and is unconnected with any other charity , it will find it difficult to persuade the Inland Revenue that its activities are wholly charitable unless it is registered with the Charity Commission .
assuming that the organisation that is established to give help to prisoners in the caribbean is based in england or wales and is unconnected with any other charity , it will find it difficult to persuade the inland revenue that its activities are wholly charitable unless it is [signed up] with the charity commission .

The Act requires the resignation notice and statement to be delivered to the company 's registered office — which in many cases may well be the address of its resigning auditor !
the act requires the resignation notice and statement to be delivered to the company 's [signed up] office — which in many cases may well be the address of its resigning auditor !

Glossy brochures claimed Courtney 's foundation was a registered charity , employing doctors and nurses .
glossy brochures claimed courtney 's foundation was a [signed up] charity , employing doctors and nurses .

‘ If all else fails , make a complaint to the General Medical Council where all medical practitioners are registered , ’ says Mr Jordan .
‘ if all else fails , make a complaint to the general medical council where all medical practitioners are [signed up] , ’ says mr jordan .

John 's other children consisted of two boys , William and Joseph , and four girls — one of whom , Elizabeth , born in 1787 , would eventually broaden the family 's chapel affiliations by being registered as an adult church member at Rook Lane Independent Meeting House in 1837 .
john 's other children consisted of two boys , william and joseph , and four girls — one of whom , elizabeth , born in 1787 , would eventually broaden the family 's chapel affiliations by being [signed up] as an adult church member at rook lane independent meeting house in 1837 .

His three spinster daughters , whom he had not registered at the parish church in any way , were all baptised as adults at Badcox .
his three spinster daughters , whom he had not [signed up] at the parish church in any way , were all baptised as adults at badcox .

The Countess of Huntingdon 's Methodist Connexion , founded in the mid-18th century , was yet another Calvinistic organisation , we may note with interest ; what with Robert Titford being baptised at one of their chapels , and his sister Elizabeth having been registered with the Zion congregation in Frome , Calvinism seems once again to have cast its shadow across the family , even into the 19th century .
the countess of huntingdon 's methodist connexion , founded in the mid-18th century , was yet another calvinistic organisation , we may note with interest ; what with robert titford being baptised at one of their chapels , and his sister elizabeth having been [signed up] with the zion congregation in frome , calvinism seems once again to have cast its shadow across the family , even into the 19th century .

Charles 's birth was registered fairly late in the day : a certificate was n't issued until 3 October , by which time Elizabeth was pregnant for the fifth and last time .
charles 's birth was [signed up] fairly late in the day : a certificate was n't issued until 3 october , by which time elizabeth was pregnant for the fifth and last time .

Registered charities enjoy relief from full rates , paying only 20 % of the charge .
[signed up] charities enjoy relief from full rates , paying only 20 % of the charge .

One of my clients registered at Companies House a company under the name Larry Small Pizza Parlour Limited .
one of my clients [signed up] at companies house a company under the name larry small pizza parlour limited .

The Memorandum and Articles in question have never been altered from those that were first registered , save for an amendment increasing the company 's authorised share capital .
the memorandum and articles in question have never been altered from those that were first [signed up] , save for an amendment increasing the company 's authorised share capital .

Most professionals agree with the Bill 's objectives — to apply the principles of the Registered Homes Act 1984 to domiciliary care .
most professionals agree with the bill 's objectives — to apply the principles of the [signed up] homes act 1984 to domiciliary care .

The Bill would require all agencies in the private , voluntary and public sectors to be registered and inspected by local authority registration and inspection units .
the bill would require all agencies in the private , voluntary and public sectors to be [signed up] and inspected by local authority registration and inspection units .

At present an elderly people 's home must be registered before it can take residents and be inspected regularly .
at present an elderly people 's home must be [signed up] before it can take residents and be inspected regularly .

He also won majority support for early parliamentary elections , but failed to get the necessary absolute majority of all registered voters , so the proposal failed .
he also won majority support for early parliamentary elections , but failed to get the necessary absolute majority of all [signed up] voters , so the proposal failed .

First , the record number of registered unemployed in industrial economies disguises the more salient fact that the rate of employment has actually risen .
first , the record number of [signed up] unemployed in industrial economies disguises the more salient fact that the rate of employment has actually risen .

Twenty parties are registered to fight the election and some of the smaller ones are making a respectable showing .
twenty parties are [signed up] to fight the election and some of the smaller ones are making a respectable showing .

He 's not even registered as born .
he 's not even [signed up] as born .

Gasping for breath , Gentle registered little or none of this , but pushed himself up from the wall to re-launch his attack .
gasping for breath , gentle [signed up] little or none of this , but pushed himself up from the wall to re-launch his attack .

The state of the kitchen registered inside her mind somewhere .
the state of the kitchen [signed up] inside her mind somewhere .

In a truly patronising vein , you suggest that it was technology , the offer of a shiny card with their photo , that attracted Cambodians to register as voters . Did you stop to think that there is more than enough going on in Cambodia to make people reflect pretty carefully about participating in the election at all — and that the fact that 4.7m of them registered ( for which they received nothing whatsoever in material terms ) might just suggest that they really would like to exercise the vote ?
in a truly patronising vein , you suggest that it was technology , the offer of a shiny card with their photo , that attracted cambodians to register as voters . did you stop to think that there is more than enough going on in cambodia to make people reflect pretty carefully about participating in the election at all — and that the fact that 4.7m of them [signed up] ( for which they received nothing whatsoever in material terms ) might just suggest that they really would like to exercise the vote ?

Three days into the election , when the main polling stations closed ( leaving another three days for mobile ones to travel around the countryside ) , 85 % of the 4.7m registered voters had gone to the polls .
three days into the election , when the main polling stations closed ( leaving another three days for mobile ones to travel around the countryside ) , 85 % of the 4.7m [signed up] voters had gone to the polls .

After three days of polling , 85 % of those registered had voted .
after three days of polling , 85 % of those [signed up] had voted .

The population turned out to vote — 90 % of those registered cast their ballots — with an enthusiasm for the activity which should hearten westerners too used to these political luxuries .
the population turned out to vote — 90 % of those [signed up] cast their ballots — with an enthusiasm for the activity which should hearten westerners too used to these political luxuries .

About 70 % of the city 's registered Latino voters are Democrats ; but recent opinion polls have shown 40–45 % of them supporting Mr Giuliani .
about 70 % of the city 's [signed up] latino voters are democrats ; but recent opinion polls have shown 40–45 % of them supporting mr giuliani .

Custodians are expected to inform each other immediately when children are moved from one part of the country to another , and the child 's name should be immediately registered in the new locality , pending a case conference .
custodians are expected to inform each other immediately when children are moved from one part of the country to another , and the child 's name should be immediately [signed up] in the new locality , pending a case conference .

They are standard in America , after a new share issue is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
they are standard in america , after a new share issue is [signed up] with the securities and exchange commission .

The fact that it has won it eight out of ten years is n't registered , only glee that it has been beaten .
the fact that it has won it eight out of ten years is n't [signed up] , only glee that it has been beaten .

Depth registered is eighteen fathoms .
depth [signed up] is eighteen fathoms .

‘ Round about the same time a Panamanian registered cargo ship by the name of the Ramsland , chartered by the same gang who had organized the Valhalla , put into Boston harbour and was promptly seized by the United States Coast Guard .
‘ round about the same time a panamanian [signed up] cargo ship by the name of the ramsland , chartered by the same gang who had organized the valhalla , put into boston harbour and was promptly seized by the united states coast guard .

To qualify for engagement on an Employment Action scheme applicants must be between the ages of 18 and 59 and have been registered as unemployed for at least six months .
to qualify for engagement on an employment action scheme applicants must be between the ages of 18 and 59 and have been [signed up] as unemployed for at least six months .

The Russian Ministry of the Interior reports that , in the first six months of this year , 2,211 crimes in that field have been registered and about 10,000 works of art stolen from State museums and private collectors .
the russian ministry of the interior reports that , in the first six months of this year , 2,211 crimes in that field have been [signed up] and about 10,000 works of art stolen from state museums and private collectors .

For many older people in our study the process began as soon as they were registered as unemployed .
for many older people in our study the process began as soon as they were [signed up] as unemployed .

Titian 's inventiveness in subject matter and form is demonstrated in groups of works hung together , and his impact is registered in succeeding rooms less in obvious derivations than in the ways that other painters exploited and developed the possibilities that he had revealed .
titian 's inventiveness in subject matter and form is demonstrated in groups of works hung together , and his impact is [signed up] in succeeding rooms less in obvious derivations than in the ways that other painters exploited and developed the possibilities that he had revealed .

Sotheby 's figures for the same period were close to Christie 's but registered a drop in dollar terms on last year 's autumn period : worldwide auction sales for 1992 of $ 1.125 billion ( £674 million ) with September to December sales at $ 495.4 million ( £318 million ) .
sotheby 's figures for the same period were close to christie 's but [signed up] a drop in dollar terms on last year 's autumn period : worldwide auction sales for 1992 of $ 1.125 billion ( £674 million ) with september to december sales at $ 495.4 million ( £318 million ) .

On the airliner scene , Air Bridge continue to acquire Electras , with a further two former Canadian examples registered during August and September to supplement their expanding fleet of the type .
on the airliner scene , air bridge continue to acquire electras , with a further two former canadian examples [signed up] during august and september to supplement their expanding fleet of the type .

In the form of the consciousness registered in the antislavery celebrations of the 1830s , manifestations of a triumphant unity could betray evidence of very different senses of who had primarily achieved the triumph and how .
in the form of the consciousness [signed up] in the antislavery celebrations of the 1830s , manifestations of a triumphant unity could betray evidence of very different senses of who had primarily achieved the triumph and how .

It was a lament which registered the weakening of a moderate , socially philanthropic evangelicalism in the face of the more strident and ultimately more bigoted brand associated with Irving and Drummond outside the church and the Recordites within it .
it was a lament which [signed up] the weakening of a moderate , socially philanthropic evangelicalism in the face of the more strident and ultimately more bigoted brand associated with irving and drummond outside the church and the recordites within it .

Choose a system registered with the External Wall Insulation Association .
choose a system [signed up] with the external wall insulation association .

Within sixteen years , over half the registered players of the National Basketball Association were black .
within sixteen years , over half the [signed up] players of the national basketball association were black .

Unions became registered , thereby conferring access to an arbitration tribunal , and once registered they were largely protected from the emergence of new , rival organisations.8 As a result , the system of registration led to the early establishment and subsequent continuation of a large number of small unions and , as a secondary consequence , helped to impede amalgamation and union rationalisation .
unions became [signed up] , thereby conferring access to an arbitration tribunal , and once [signed up] they were largely protected from the emergence of new , rival organisations.8 as a result , the system of registration led to the early establishment and subsequent continuation of a large number of small unions and , as a secondary consequence , helped to impede amalgamation and union rationalisation .

ten different levels of attainment should be identified within each target covering all the years of compulsory schooling . Pupils ' progress should be registered against these levels : level 2 should be assumed to represent the performance of the median 7 year old ; level 4 that of the median 11 year old ; the boundary between levels 5 and 6 that of the median 14 year old ; and the boundary between levels 6 and 7 that of the median 16 year old ;
ten different levels of attainment should be identified within each target covering all the years of compulsory schooling . pupils ' progress should be [signed up] against these levels : level 2 should be assumed to represent the performance of the median 7 year old ; level 4 that of the median 11 year old ; the boundary between levels 5 and 6 that of the median 14 year old ; and the boundary between levels 6 and 7 that of the median 16 year old ;

Net Trust 's publication of leaflets will be professionally compiled as soon as the Trust is registered .
net trust 's publication of leaflets will be professionally compiled as soon as the trust is [signed up] .

Moneylenders were registered ; subject to some conditions over the way they did business ; they were able to advertise in only a very restricted way ( for example , they were not allowed to mention interest rates or repayment schedules ) ; and courts could re-open their loans , setting new terms , if they charged excessive interest and the original terms were ‘ harsh and unconscionable ’ .
moneylenders were [signed up] ; subject to some conditions over the way they did business ; they were able to advertise in only a very restricted way ( for example , they were not allowed to mention interest rates or repayment schedules ) ; and courts could re-open their loans , setting new terms , if they charged excessive interest and the original terms were ‘ harsh and unconscionable ’ .

But when people lose their jobs , they now stand a worse than fifty-fifty chance of being out of work for more than three months ( in July 1978 , 53 per cent of those who were registered as unemployed had been out of work for longer than three months ) .
but when people lose their jobs , they now stand a worse than fifty-fifty chance of being out of work for more than three months ( in july 1978 , 53 per cent of those who were [signed up] as unemployed had been out of work for longer than three months ) .

In any assessment of evangelistic effectiveness the church growth movement stresses the need to focus attention not so much on decisions registered but on disciples made .
in any assessment of evangelistic effectiveness the church growth movement stresses the need to focus attention not so much on decisions [signed up] but on disciples made .

, a company incorporated and having its registered office at and is entered into the Trade Register of Ghent under nr. 153 381 ( ‘ ’ ) ( which shall include all or any of its subsidiaries , agents , successors or assigns ) and herein represented by Christian
, a company incorporated and having its [signed up] office at and is entered into the trade register of ghent under nr. 153 381 ( ‘ ’ ) ( which shall include all or any of its subsidiaries , agents , successors or assigns ) and herein represented by christian

the Licensed Software has been duly registered under Clause 11.1 with
the licensed software has been duly [signed up] under clause 11.1 with

18.1 Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement or required by statute , law or regulation shall , unless otherwise provided for , be in writing , and shall be delivered in person , sent by registered mail or air mail as appropriate , properly posted and fully pre-paid in an envelope properly addressed , or sent by telefax or by telex to the respective Parties as specified above or to such other address , telefax or telex number as may from time to time be designated by notice hereunder .
18.1 any notice required or permitted under the terms of this agreement or required by statute , law or regulation shall , unless otherwise provided for , be in writing , and shall be delivered in person , sent by [signed up] mail or air mail as appropriate , properly posted and fully pre-paid in an envelope properly addressed , or sent by telefax or by telex to the respective parties as specified above or to such other address , telefax or telex number as may from time to time be designated by notice hereunder .

1.5 ‘ The Trade Marks ’ means the names ‘ Oxford ’ and ‘ Oxford University Press ’ and all other registered and unregistered marks and trade names , artwork and logos reproduced in Schedule 2 .
1.5 ‘ the trade marks ’ means the names ‘ oxford ’ and ‘ oxford university press ’ and all other [signed up] and unregistered marks and trade names , artwork and logos reproduced in schedule 2 .

shall also cause the trade mark registration symbol to be placed next to such of the Trade Marks as are registered from time to time throughout the world .
shall also cause the trade mark registration symbol to be placed next to such of the trade marks as are [signed up] from time to time throughout the world .

agrees to co-operate with , and at 's expense to execute any documents and do such things as may be necessary in the opinion of 's counsel , to safeguard the Trademarks ( including proof of use and application for recording as a registered user of any or all of the Trademarks or the Trademarks Registers maintained by the relevant Trademarks offices in the Territory and to enable to apply for and/or secure proper registration of the Trade Marks in the Territory .
agrees to co-operate with , and at 's expense to execute any documents and do such things as may be necessary in the opinion of 's counsel , to safeguard the trademarks ( including proof of use and application for recording as a [signed up] user of any or all of the trademarks or the trademarks registers maintained by the relevant trademarks offices in the territory and to enable to apply for and/or secure proper registration of the trade marks in the territory .

12.1 Any notice , document or request falling to be given or served under this Agreement may be given or served by sending it by registered post or certified mail , postage pre-paid , or by tested telex or facsimile transmission to : in the case of
12.1 any notice , document or request falling to be given or served under this agreement may be given or served by sending it by [signed up] post or certified mail , postage pre-paid , or by tested telex or facsimile transmission to : in the case of

whose registered office is at 24 Elgin Road Talbot Woods Bournemouth ( ‘ the Company ’ )
whose [signed up] office is at 24 elgin road talbot woods bournemouth ( ‘ the company ’ )

It appeared deserted , a trifle sinister even amid the overhanging trees — and , though she had not before registered the fact , it lacked the sound of happy voices which had in times past always greeted her return .
it appeared deserted , a trifle sinister even amid the overhanging trees — and , though she had not before [signed up] the fact , it lacked the sound of happy voices which had in times past always greeted her return .

For just an instant , glancing up from her curtsy , Joan registered a look of puzzlement in the prince 's gaze .
for just an instant , glancing up from her curtsy , joan [signed up] a look of puzzlement in the prince 's gaze .

The duchess registered the sudden brightening of her daughter 's expression and the my Richard with some exasperation — but it was Joan 's face that caught her attention .
the duchess [signed up] the sudden brightening of her daughter 's expression and the my richard with some exasperation — but it was joan 's face that caught her attention .

Even the unease he had felt when from time to time he had registered his brother 's anxiety , had somehow suggested an adventure .
even the unease he had felt when from time to time he had [signed up] his brother 's anxiety , had somehow suggested an adventure .

’ the prince asked — and Joan registered the small catch in his voice .
’ the prince asked — and joan [signed up] the small catch in his voice .

Alianor registered her preoccupation and wondered at it .
alianor [signed up] her preoccupation and wondered at it .

She registered of a sudden that she was bitterly cold .
she [signed up] of a sudden that she was bitterly cold .

He registered my look of concern .
he [signed up] my look of concern .

The tournament , the entry fees of which are to be donated to the Wine and Spirit Benevolent Fund , a registered charity , is open to a wide ranging group of people connected with the trade , including … ‘ retail , wine bar , restaurant , or hotel trade buyers , writers , waiters or sales assistants , whatever their standard of tennis . ’
the tournament , the entry fees of which are to be donated to the wine and spirit benevolent fund , a [signed up] charity , is open to a wide ranging group of people connected with the trade , including … ‘ retail , wine bar , restaurant , or hotel trade buyers , writers , waiters or sales assistants , whatever their standard of tennis . ’

In later years the Company , which now incorporated the original Society , became a registered Charity .
in later years the company , which now incorporated the original society , became a [signed up] charity .

In addition , it will involve the preparation of defence position papers , and discussions with regulatory authorities for registered compounds .
in addition , it will involve the preparation of defence position papers , and discussions with regulatory authorities for [signed up] compounds .

The Museum is a registered Charity with no public funding and Mick Miller , Finance Trustee , said : ‘ This sponsorship is a very generous gesture and we are delighted that this has come from an enterprising local company which has pledged support for our activities for the next three years . ’
the museum is a [signed up] charity with no public funding and mick miller , finance trustee , said : ‘ this sponsorship is a very generous gesture and we are delighted that this has come from an enterprising local company which has pledged support for our activities for the next three years . ’

To qualify for engagement on an Employment Action scheme applicants must be between the ages of 18 and 59 and have been registered as unemployed for at least six months .
to qualify for engagement on an employment action scheme applicants must be between the ages of 18 and 59 and have been [signed up] as unemployed for at least six months .

If screening procedures and subsequent medical investigations show the presence of significant visual handicap , it may be decided by the ophthalmologist that the child should be registered as blind or partially sighted .
if screening procedures and subsequent medical investigations show the presence of significant visual handicap , it may be decided by the ophthalmologist that the child should be [signed up] as blind or partially sighted .

Visual acuity is often normal even when the field of vision is so poor that the child is registered as blind .
visual acuity is often normal even when the field of vision is so poor that the child is [signed up] as blind .

The autopsy report registered death as the result of a brain tumour .
the autopsy report [signed up] death as the result of a brain tumour .

The choice of name does not appear significant , although most people prefer a single word , rather than the complicated sounding names under which pedigree dogs are registered .
the choice of name does not appear significant , although most people prefer a single word , rather than the complicated sounding names under which pedigree dogs are [signed up] .

‘ They 're registered as full-time students ? ’
‘ they 're [signed up] as full-time students ? ’

Ten years later , the Imperium registered that Karkason had lapsed into heresy .
ten years later , the imperium [signed up] that karkason had lapsed into heresy .

The alert , conscious right side of Biff 's brain registered the faint odour of ancient dust .
the alert , conscious right side of biff 's brain [signed up] the faint odour of ancient dust .

The right hemisphere of his brain could not articulate what it registered .
the right hemisphere of his brain could not articulate what it [signed up] .

If it touched him presumably he would be registered as hit .
if it touched him presumably he would be [signed up] as hit .

Through the swing doors , and he had not registered what was happening to him until he was out into the late afternoon cold and the open doorway at the back of the car was yawning for him .
through the swing doors , and he had not [signed up] what was happening to him until he was out into the late afternoon cold and the open doorway at the back of the car was yawning for him .

Before the new regulations were introduced it was found that most prospective solicitors gained some practical experience of : registered and unregistered conveyancing , landlord and tenant , matrimonial causes , probate and succession , family law , criminal law , accident claims , litigation generally and briefing counsel .
before the new regulations were introduced it was found that most prospective solicitors gained some practical experience of : [signed up] and unregistered conveyancing , landlord and tenant , matrimonial causes , probate and succession , family law , criminal law , accident claims , litigation generally and briefing counsel .

She registered the bloodstains , dark red on the dirty white skin of his coat . ‘ Where are the others ? What have you done with them ? ’
she [signed up] the bloodstains , dark red on the dirty white skin of his coat . ‘ where are the others ? what have you done with them ? ’

Accordingly , a number of other methods have been employed , for example , lists of those registered to vote ( Edwards , 1973 ) and records of doctor 's patients ( Rees and Rees , 1977 ) .
accordingly , a number of other methods have been employed , for example , lists of those [signed up] to vote ( edwards , 1973 ) and records of doctor 's patients ( rees and rees , 1977 ) .

It took a moment or two before he registered who she was , then he said heavily , ‘ Good of you to look in like this , Ruth .
it took a moment or two before he [signed up] who she was , then he said heavily , ‘ good of you to look in like this , ruth .

He also found that the proportion of school pupils staying on after the minimum school leaving age responded to changes in registered adult unemployment .
he also found that the proportion of school pupils staying on after the minimum school leaving age responded to changes in [signed up] adult unemployment .

Jezrael was aware of Kandinskaya 's scrutiny , and also aware that her own imminence — registered by Kandinskaya 's desktop monitors — scarcely flickered .
jezrael was aware of kandinskaya 's scrutiny , and also aware that her own imminence — [signed up] by kandinskaya 's desktop monitors — scarcely flickered .

While the parent company in a multinational group will necessarily be registered in a particular country and the group headquarters and a preponderance of shareholders may also be located there , in the case of some multinationals it is scarcely any longer appropriate to regard them as having national loyalties .
while the parent company in a multinational group will necessarily be [signed up] in a particular country and the group headquarters and a preponderance of shareholders may also be located there , in the case of some multinationals it is scarcely any longer appropriate to regard them as having national loyalties .

’ He cast a quick glance at Ellwood to make sure he 'd registered the threat .
’ he cast a quick glance at ellwood to make sure he 'd [signed up] the threat .

He had n't registered the two-tone scream of the car-alarm ; in much the same way , a countryman might be deaf to the cry of a rooster .
he had n't [signed up] the two-tone scream of the car-alarm ; in much the same way , a countryman might be deaf to the cry of a rooster .

’ Tucker trilled his fingers self-consciously , embarrassed at having not previously registered that the bird was human .
’ tucker trilled his fingers self-consciously , embarrassed at having not previously [signed up] that the bird was human .

He registered that George Wood 's information had been correct , paid his bill and — to the relief of the landlord — went on his way over the pass and not back to Keswick , which would have been more likely for a government man .
he [signed up] that george wood 's information had been correct , paid his bill and — to the relief of the landlord — went on his way over the pass and not back to keswick , which would have been more likely for a government man .

As soon as her mind registered what it had seen she jumped away from the car door , a scream issuing from her that cut through the night air .
as soon as her mind [signed up] what it had seen she jumped away from the car door , a scream issuing from her that cut through the night air .

Words registered in her mind , but she just could not comprehend them .
words [signed up] in her mind , but she just could not comprehend them .

Somewhere in her mind she registered the fact it was still pumping .
somewhere in her mind she [signed up] the fact it was still pumping .

She registered the blood on the white telephone .
she [signed up] the blood on the white telephone .

Then the name registered .
then the name [signed up] .

We are primarily concerned in the hotel and catering industry with registered companies incorporated and registered under the Companies Act 1985 .
we are primarily concerned in the hotel and catering industry with [signed up] companies incorporated and [signed up] under the companies act 1985 .

Registered companies fall into two main categories : public limited companies ( PLCs ) and private companies .
[signed up] companies fall into two main categories : public limited companies ( plcs ) and private companies .

specifying the intended situation of the company 's registered office ( s. 10 and the 1st Schedule ) ;
specifying the intended situation of the company 's [signed up] office ( s. 10 and the 1st schedule ) ;

Once the required documents have been delivered , the registrar , under s. 12(1) , must be satisfied that all the requirements of the Act in respect of registration have been complied with . He or she then , in accordance with s. 13(1) , issues a certificate of incorporation and , under s. 705 , allocates to the company its registered number
once the required documents have been delivered , the registrar , under s. 12(1) , must be satisfied that all the requirements of the act in respect of registration have been complied with . he or she then , in accordance with s. 13(1) , issues a certificate of incorporation and , under s. 705 , allocates to the company its [signed up] number

Section 13 ( 7 ) states that the certificate , once issued , is conclusive evidence that the company has been duly registered .
section 13 ( 7 ) states that the certificate , once issued , is conclusive evidence that the company has been duly [signed up] .

The domicile of the company , i.e. whether the registered office is to be in England and Wales , Scotland or Wales .
the domicile of the company , i.e. whether the [signed up] office is to be in england and wales , scotland or wales .

The registered office .
the [signed up] office .

Every company must have a registered office .
every company must have a [signed up] office .

The fact that the registered office is located in England , Wales or Scotland must be stated in the memorandum of association , and the full address must be filed with the Registrar of Companies .
the fact that the [signed up] office is located in england , wales or scotland must be stated in the memorandum of association , and the full address must be filed with the registrar of companies .

The importance of the registered office is that it is the address where writs may be served on the company and where communications may be sent .
the importance of the [signed up] office is that it is the address where writs may be served on the company and where communications may be sent .

Sections 3 and 8 of the Companies Act 1985 authorize the Secretary of State to make regulations specifying forms of memorandum and articles for the different categories of registered companies .
sections 3 and 8 of the companies act 1985 authorize the secretary of state to make regulations specifying forms of memorandum and articles for the different categories of [signed up] companies .

By s. 288 ( 1 ) of the 1985 Act every company must keep a register of its directors at its registered office , giving details of each director — name , address , nationality , business occupation , etc .
by s. 288 ( 1 ) of the 1985 act every company must keep a register of its directors at its [signed up] office , giving details of each director — name , address , nationality , business occupation , etc .

These records must be kept at the company 's registered office .
these records must be kept at the company 's [signed up] office .

If the Blue Parrot is a company the names of the directors of the company are registered with the Registrar of Companies ( ss. 10–13 Companies Act 1985 ) ( see p. 46 ) .
if the blue parrot is a company the names of the directors of the company are [signed up] with the registrar of companies ( ss. 10–13 companies act 1985 ) ( see p. 46 ) .

There were between a quarter and a half a million people registered as out of work .
there were between a quarter and a half a million people [signed up] as out of work .

The economic activity rate is the percentage of the relevant population either in work or registered as unemployed .
the economic activity rate is the percentage of the relevant population either in work or [signed up] as unemployed .

But it does point to the need to examine carefully the social processes registered by apparently simple concepts .
but it does point to the need to examine carefully the social processes [signed up] by apparently simple concepts .

The generally-accepted explanation for welfare payment levels in the South is that they are , and have been , low because of : the relative poverty of the southern States , which would call for a high fiscal effort if payments equivalent to those made further north were to be offered to the larger number of poor there ; the electoral safety of the Democratic party with regard to the southern State legislatures and governorships , for over a century — sustained by discriminatory practices which prevented many blacks becoming registered voters despite their legal achievement of civil rights ; and the widespread belief among southern whites in the racial inferiority of blacks — who are the main recipients of welfare benefits coupled with the perceived work-disincentive effects of substantial payments and the encouragement to have even larger , and thus more dependent , families than they are believed to provide . But why have these three conditions arisen ?
the generally-accepted explanation for welfare payment levels in the south is that they are , and have been , low because of : the relative poverty of the southern states , which would call for a high fiscal effort if payments equivalent to those made further north were to be offered to the larger number of poor there ; the electoral safety of the democratic party with regard to the southern state legislatures and governorships , for over a century — sustained by discriminatory practices which prevented many blacks becoming [signed up] voters despite their legal achievement of civil rights ; and the widespread belief among southern whites in the racial inferiority of blacks — who are the main recipients of welfare benefits coupled with the perceived work-disincentive effects of substantial payments and the encouragement to have even larger , and thus more dependent , families than they are believed to provide . but why have these three conditions arisen ?

The intrusiveness of attitudes like these is registered in Anne Bronte 's Agnes Grey ( 1847 ) , when the poor widow , Nancy Brown , feels badly caught out in a moment of negligence :
the intrusiveness of attitudes like these is [signed up] in anne bronte 's agnes grey ( 1847 ) , when the poor widow , nancy brown , feels badly caught out in a moment of negligence :

This point is also being registered in relation to sexism in schools ( Wolpe , 1989 ) and has provoked a more general rethinking of educational processes in which poststructuralist theorizing is beginning to exercise a belated , but in my view welcome , influence ( Walkerdine , 1991 ) .
this point is also being [signed up] in relation to sexism in schools ( wolpe , 1989 ) and has provoked a more general rethinking of educational processes in which poststructuralist theorizing is beginning to exercise a belated , but in my view welcome , influence ( walkerdine , 1991 ) .

Experience , that is , is produced , rather than simply registered .
experience , that is , is produced , rather than simply [signed up] .

Some organisations , whether registered with the Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies or not , were easily recognisable and criticised as being jointly managed by shipowners and therefore employer dominated .
some organisations , whether [signed up] with the chief registrar of friendly societies or not , were easily recognisable and criticised as being jointly managed by shipowners and therefore employer dominated .

William Graffunder , an expatriate German and the promoter of an organisation in Cardiff which he registered as the Amalgamated Seamen 's and Tradesmen 's Union of Great Britain and Ireland in September 1890 , likewise made no bones about its connection with the Shipping Federation in the supply of `` free labour `` , though he denied being its official .
william graffunder , an expatriate german and the promoter of an organisation in cardiff which he [signed up] as the amalgamated seamen 's and tradesmen 's union of great britain and ireland in september 1890 , likewise made no bones about its connection with the shipping federation in the supply of `` free labour `` , though he denied being its official .

We know mostly of registered organisations .
we know mostly of [signed up] organisations .

An action begun in Glasgow for possession of the books , papers and effects was turned down on the grounds that the Sailors ' and Firemen 's Union was not registered in Scotland and that the complaint had therefore been raised `` without title or authority `` , though these effects were , claimed Shinwell , later handed over `` for the sake of peace and quiet `` .
an action begun in glasgow for possession of the books , papers and effects was turned down on the grounds that the sailors ' and firemen 's union was not [signed up] in scotland and that the complaint had therefore been raised `` without title or authority `` , though these effects were , claimed shinwell , later handed over `` for the sake of peace and quiet `` .

Those who throughout the previous tax year have paid social security contributions as dependent employees ( or , as a consequence of being registered as unemployed , have had these credited for them ) are entitled to draw flat rate Unemployment Benefit for a period of one year .
those who throughout the previous tax year have paid social security contributions as dependent employees ( or , as a consequence of being [signed up] as unemployed , have had these credited for them ) are entitled to draw flat rate unemployment benefit for a period of one year .

In fact , it is only certain single unemployed people who are wholly reliant upon Unemployment , Benefit ; most of the registered unemployed are dependent , wholly or in pan , on Supplementary Benefit ( see Social Security Statistics , 1986 ) .
in fact , it is only certain single unemployed people who are wholly reliant upon unemployment , benefit ; most of the [signed up] unemployed are dependent , wholly or in pan , on supplementary benefit ( see social security statistics , 1986 ) .

Most of the registered unemployed are unlikely to be interested in temporary jobs lasting only a few days .
most of the [signed up] unemployed are unlikely to be interested in temporary jobs lasting only a few days .

The company also held 10% nominal value of the ordinary share capital of Reproduction Artwork Plc , registered in England .
the company also held 10% nominal value of the ordinary share capital of reproduction artwork plc , [signed up] in england .

Copies of directors ' service contracts of more than one year 's duration must be available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office from the date of notice of the annual general meeting until the date of the meeting and must be made available for at least 15 minutes prior to and during the meeting .
copies of directors ' service contracts of more than one year 's duration must be available for inspection during normal business hours at the [signed up] office from the date of notice of the annual general meeting until the date of the meeting and must be made available for at least 15 minutes prior to and during the meeting .

Duclos ' eyes narrowed as he registered the undisguised threat in the recruiter 's words ; then he forced a laugh to his lips . ``
duclos ' eyes narrowed as he [signed up] the undisguised threat in the recruiter 's words ; then he forced a laugh to his lips . ``

3. 1900 Peasantry = 69% of population 1929 Census showed 50,000 registered beggars .
3. 1900 peasantry = 69% of population 1929 census showed 50,000 [signed up] beggars .

He appeared to recognize Stephen as quickly as Stephen recognized him , but the dark wedge face registered this only in a tightening of the mouth and a jerk of the chin .
he appeared to recognize stephen as quickly as stephen recognized him , but the dark wedge face [signed up] this only in a tightening of the mouth and a jerk of the chin .

there are 59,000 state registered nurses , and 60,000 enrolled nurses ;
there are 59,000 state [signed up] nurses , and 60,000 enrolled nurses ;

In the 1950s there was relative decentralization as population grew more rapidly in the rings than the cores , but by the 1960s there was absolute decentralization as a net loss of population was registered in the cores .
in the 1950s there was relative decentralization as population grew more rapidly in the rings than the cores , but by the 1960s there was absolute decentralization as a net loss of population was [signed up] in the cores .

In addition , they will be registered as charities or as ‘ societies ’ under the Industrial and Provident Societies Act .
in addition , they will be [signed up] as charities or as ‘ societies ’ under the industrial and provident societies act .

In 1947 the party 's ‘ Industrial Charter ’ , a result of the work undertaken by the Conservative Research Department under Butler , registered the Tories ' acceptance of the ‘ welfare state ’ and the ‘ managed economy ’ .
in 1947 the party 's ‘ industrial charter ’ , a result of the work undertaken by the conservative research department under butler , [signed up] the tories ' acceptance of the ‘ welfare state ’ and the ‘ managed economy ’ .

Labour support tended to be concentrated in already safe seats while the Tories swung many of the southern marginals , as many of the managerial , professional and small business strata registered Tory votes where they had previously voted Liberal or not voted at all ( Bonham , 1954 ) .
labour support tended to be concentrated in already safe seats while the tories swung many of the southern marginals , as many of the managerial , professional and small business strata [signed up] tory votes where they had previously voted liberal or not voted at all ( bonham , 1954 ) .

It must be said , however , that despite the forfeiture of much active and committed support among the industrial working class and the intellectual left , popular support for the Labour Party , as registered by the opinion polls , had not collapsed by 1970 .
it must be said , however , that despite the forfeiture of much active and committed support among the industrial working class and the intellectual left , popular support for the labour party , as [signed up] by the opinion polls , had not collapsed by 1970 .

The polls before the 1970 election may have registered broad support for Labour but as the election result itself showed this support was conditional and unreliable .
the polls before the 1970 election may have [signed up] broad support for labour but as the election result itself showed this support was conditional and unreliable .

Its intrusion into the thinking of the Labour leadership was registered in Peter Jay 's speech for Callaghan at the 1976 Party conference .
its intrusion into the thinking of the labour leadership was [signed up] in peter jay 's speech for callaghan at the 1976 party conference .

In 1964 they revised their articles of association and became registered but the main aim remains that of representing the interests of women artists .
in 1964 they revised their articles of association and became [signed up] but the main aim remains that of representing the interests of women artists .

But all the envelopes , of which there were a great many , proved to be brown , windowed and registered .
but all the envelopes , of which there were a great many , proved to be brown , windowed and [signed up] .

They were wielding modified Shen-sei swords with hologram blades , and he grunted with satisfaction as his reverse registered on the Gunnery Sergeant 's body shield with a yellow flash of discharge .
they were wielding modified shen-sei swords with hologram blades , and he grunted with satisfaction as his reverse [signed up] on the gunnery sergeant 's body shield with a yellow flash of discharge .

v. Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants the House of Lords held that a union registered under the Trade Union Act 1871 was enough of a legal entity to be sued in tort .
v. amalgamated society of railway servants the house of lords held that a union [signed up] under the trade union act 1871 was enough of a legal entity to be sued in tort .

After a brief period during which a registered trade union was a corporate body under the Act of 1971 , the Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 restored the immunity , though liability was imposed ( where there was no trade dispute ) for certain torts causing personal injury or breaches of duty connected with the union 's property .
after a brief period during which a [signed up] trade union was a corporate body under the act of 1971 , the trade union and labour relations act 1974 restored the immunity , though liability was imposed ( where there was no trade dispute ) for certain torts causing personal injury or breaches of duty connected with the union 's property .

But this proved to be a temporary respite , and by 1921 registered unemployment was over 2 million .
but this proved to be a temporary respite , and by 1921 [signed up] unemployment was over 2 million .

Numbers registered as out of work rose from just over a million in 1979 to over 3 million in 1983 .
numbers [signed up] as out of work rose from just over a million in 1979 to over 3 million in 1983 .

Persons who wish to adopt a child may contact their local social services department , which may either place children for adoption itself , or contact a registered adoption agency , or make direct arrangements with the child 's parents .
persons who wish to adopt a child may contact their local social services department , which may either place children for adoption itself , or contact a [signed up] adoption agency , or make direct arrangements with the child 's parents .

The vast majority need pensions to meet their financial needs , almost all will be registered with a doctor and will make use of the health services , and many require special housing or residential accommodation and some degree of help in coping with the problems arising from increasing frailty , social isolation and their dependent role .
the vast majority need pensions to meet their financial needs , almost all will be [signed up] with a doctor and will make use of the health services , and many require special housing or residential accommodation and some degree of help in coping with the problems arising from increasing frailty , social isolation and their dependent role .

We have registers for certain groups of disabled people — those registered with local authorities , those who are listed as disabled with the Department of Employment , records of certain groups receiving treatment or pensions , and so on .
we have registers for certain groups of disabled people — those [signed up] with local authorities , those who are listed as disabled with the department of employment , records of certain groups receiving treatment or pensions , and so on .

The largest groups of persons registered as suffering from general handicap are those who suffer from organic nervous diseases , which include polio , multiple sclerosis , epilepsy , and so on .
the largest groups of persons [signed up] as suffering from general handicap are those who suffer from organic nervous diseases , which include polio , multiple sclerosis , epilepsy , and so on .

Unemployment of registered disabled is always at a much higher rate than unemployment generally and so the recession has severely damaged the chances of large numbers of disabled people obtaining work .
unemployment of [signed up] disabled is always at a much higher rate than unemployment generally and so the recession has severely damaged the chances of large numbers of disabled people obtaining work .

And yet it is estimated that two-thirds of companies fail to employ their quota of registered disabled and only two government departments employ 3 per cent disabled .
and yet it is estimated that two-thirds of companies fail to employ their quota of [signed up] disabled and only two government departments employ 3 per cent disabled .

We also wrote to all those practices within the region with more than 8000 registered patients that did not intend to enter the fundholding scheme inviting them to act as controls in the study .
we also wrote to all those practices within the region with more than 8000 [signed up] patients that did not intend to enter the fundholding scheme inviting them to act as controls in the study .

Starting in 1968 , the whole adult population registered with the Glyncorrwg practice was screened for hypertension by a system of case finding supplemented by call up on a five year cycle .
starting in 1968 , the whole adult population [signed up] with the glyncorrwg practice was screened for hypertension by a system of case finding supplemented by call up on a five year cycle .

‘ Arise ’ is a registered newspaper ; the publisher 's name is under the masthead ; you 'll find me listed as assistant editor .
‘ arise ’ is a [signed up] newspaper ; the publisher 's name is under the masthead ; you 'll find me listed as assistant editor .

Women 's receipt of unemployment benefit automatically meant they had registered for work .
women 's receipt of unemployment benefit automatically meant they had [signed up] for work .

However , several women who received no benefits also registered , although the majority in this position did not , because they desired to be self-sufficient and free from official agencies .
however , several women who received no benefits also [signed up] , although the majority in this position did not , because they desired to be self-sufficient and free from official agencies .

Even recently a white South African registered surprise on hearing that Nelson Mandela could speak , 40 years on , with fresh enthusiasm of a Neil Harvey innings , 151 at Kingsmead , Durban in 1951 , that Mandela had seen the young Harvey score . Nelson Mandela interested in cricket ?
even recently a white south african [signed up] surprise on hearing that nelson mandela could speak , 40 years on , with fresh enthusiasm of a neil harvey innings , 151 at kingsmead , durban in 1951 , that mandela had seen the young harvey score . nelson mandela interested in cricket ?

If social services agrees , the next step is to find a registered home which is offering a place at the approved weekly cost .
if social services agrees , the next step is to find a [signed up] home which is offering a place at the approved weekly cost .

Although such women may be registered as unoccupied , they were not in fact lone mothers .
although such women may be [signed up] as unoccupied , they were not in fact lone mothers .

One of the key findings was that for babies born outside marriage and registered by the mother alone — a total of 8 % of all births in 1990 — the infant mortality rate was 13.1 ( per 1000 live births ) , 80 % higher than that of babies born within marriage .
one of the key findings was that for babies born outside marriage and [signed up] by the mother alone — a total of 8 % of all births in 1990 — the infant mortality rate was 13.1 ( per 1000 live births ) , 80 % higher than that of babies born within marriage .

Furthermore , aggregated data from this source presented to the House of Commons Select Committee on Health show that in approximately two thirds of births registered solely by the mother she is classified as unoccupied .
furthermore , aggregated data from this source presented to the house of commons select committee on health show that in approximately two thirds of births [signed up] solely by the mother she is classified as unoccupied .

From the psychiatrist 's perspective it is important to remember that these sums are ‘ in support of not only the elderly , mentally ill , mentally handicapped and physically disabled people but also drug and alcohol abusers , homeless persons … mothers and babies in registered specialised accommodation , terminally ill people in nursing homes , people on probation and ex-offenders in registered accommodation .
from the psychiatrist 's perspective it is important to remember that these sums are ‘ in support of not only the elderly , mentally ill , mentally handicapped and physically disabled people but also drug and alcohol abusers , homeless persons … mothers and babies in [signed up] specialised accommodation , terminally ill people in nursing homes , people on probation and ex-offenders in [signed up] accommodation .

For example , in 1985 only 238 places in local authority and registered nursing homes for mentally ill people were recorded in national statistics in Scotland , a shortfall of 1000 places from the number recommended by the government 's guidelines .
for example , in 1985 only 238 places in local authority and [signed up] nursing homes for mentally ill people were recorded in national statistics in scotland , a shortfall of 1000 places from the number recommended by the government 's guidelines .

Births registered during one month in each area were randomly sampled .
births [signed up] during one month in each area were randomly sampled .

After fully informed consent was obtained eligible patients were registered by phone at the central statistical office at the University of Vienna .
after fully informed consent was obtained eligible patients were [signed up] by phone at the central statistical office at the university of vienna .

Our study is based on 6528 men and women first registered between 1 January 1972 and 31 December 1990 , providing 54355 patient years of follow up .
our study is based on 6528 men and women first [signed up] between 1 january 1972 and 31 december 1990 , providing 54355 patient years of follow up .

The 17 units registered a total of 12524 deliveries in 1989 .
the 17 units [signed up] a total of 12524 deliveries in 1989 .

Indeed , only one patient registered with a practice with a diabetic miniclinic had shared care with the hospital .
indeed , only one patient [signed up] with a practice with a diabetic miniclinic had shared care with the hospital .

As far as practice factors are concerned , patients registered with better equipped and larger practices had better control , as did those in practices with diabetic miniclinics .
as far as practice factors are concerned , patients [signed up] with better equipped and larger practices had better control , as did those in practices with diabetic miniclinics .

The hospital attenders were more likely to be registered with a practice with no diabetic miniclinic and with a general practitioner with no special interest in diabetes .
the hospital attenders were more likely to be [signed up] with a practice with no diabetic miniclinic and with a general practitioner with no special interest in diabetes .

Registration of rents is to be abolished ( formerly rents were registered with the rent officer ) .
registration of rents is to be abolished ( formerly rents were [signed up] with the rent officer ) .

Housing developments are increasingly being registered by social work departments .
housing developments are increasingly being [signed up] by social work departments .

It 's awfully hard to get information about registered nursing homes .
it 's awfully hard to get information about [signed up] nursing homes .

If you look at one area — the Ayrshire and Arran health board-list of registered nursing homes , in July of this year ( 1988 ) there were 1093 beds , by October that had gone up to 1125 beds and their projection for next year is 1442 beds .
if you look at one area — the ayrshire and arran health board-list of [signed up] nursing homes , in july of this year ( 1988 ) there were 1093 beds , by october that had gone up to 1125 beds and their projection for next year is 1442 beds .

It is registered by the Borders Health Board to cater for 28 ambulant confused elderly residents .
it is [signed up] by the borders health board to cater for 28 ambulant confused elderly residents .

The progressive intensification of Nizan 's anger in Aden needs to be registered .
the progressive intensification of nizan 's anger in aden needs to be [signed up] .

Information was sought on all patients registered with participants , whether seen by them or not .
information was sought on all patients [signed up] with participants , whether seen by them or not .

Lyme Community Care Unit was established on 1 April last year to serve the population registered with the two general practices in the area .
lyme community care unit was established on 1 april last year to serve the population [signed up] with the two general practices in the area .

The jazz scene confirmed his liking for youthful excitement and the importance that his student friends now had in his life is registered in a series of portraits .
the jazz scene confirmed his liking for youthful excitement and the importance that his student friends now had in his life is [signed up] in a series of portraits .

For instance , among police officers ( below the rank of sergeant ) women earn 93 per cent of men 's hourly earnings , and women who work as registered and enrolled nurses and midwives earn 90 per cent of the hourly rates of men in this occupation .
for instance , among police officers ( below the rank of sergeant ) women earn 93 per cent of men 's hourly earnings , and women who work as [signed up] and enrolled nurses and midwives earn 90 per cent of the hourly rates of men in this occupation .

According to the official figures , in 1984 , 1 million women were registered unemployed , compared with 2.3 million men .
according to the official figures , in 1984 , 1 million women were [signed up] unemployed , compared with 2.3 million men .

The same issue occurs in a slightly different form in rented property , since if the flat or house is registered in the husband 's name , the woman can be disadvantaged in times of marital discord .
the same issue occurs in a slightly different form in rented property , since if the flat or house is [signed up] in the husband 's name , the woman can be disadvantaged in times of marital discord .

There have been recent increases in the extent to which tenancies are registered in the names of both parties , again of benefit to the woman .
there have been recent increases in the extent to which tenancies are [signed up] in the names of both parties , again of benefit to the woman .

Agreements resulting from conciliation are normally registered with the tribunal as a form of consent decision .
agreements resulting from conciliation are normally [signed up] with the tribunal as a form of consent decision .

Every time it lifted its head and pirouetted , it registered the new direction it was taking in relation to the sun .
every time it lifted its head and pirouetted , it [signed up] the new direction it was taking in relation to the sun .

His face must have registered his confusion .
his face must have [signed up] his confusion .

Katherine 's features registered her surprise .
katherine 's features [signed up] her surprise .

The court held that the place where the goods were to be delivered and where bills were payable was Bouyer 's registered office in France , and on that basis the court declined jurisdiction .
the court held that the place where the goods were to be delivered and where bills were payable was bouyer 's [signed up] office in france , and on that basis the court declined jurisdiction .

In this context , the material before the board indicated — ( 1 ) that investors were persuaded by company representatives employed by the Winchester Group to cancel their existing policies and to ‘ switch ’ to Norwich Union without their best interests and any disadvantages attendant upon so doing necessarily being considered ; ( 2 ) that other undesirable selling practices — for instance ‘ overselling ’ whereby investors are persuaded to take out a range of policies which they may not be able to afford in the long term — have been employed by company representatives selling on behalf of the Winchester Group ; ( 3 ) that the fact find forms completed by the Winchester Group for forwarding to Norwich Union were inadequate for the purposes of ensuring that products were only sold to investors on a ‘ best advice ’ basis ; ( 4 ) that the connections between Mr. Tee and Mr. Kissane ( a former director of the Winchester Group now awaiting trial on charges of theft of client moneys ) and also between the Winchester Group and Mr. Randhir Singh were such as to call into question the extent to which the controllers , directors and senior managers of the Winchester Group could be regarded as being of good character and competent or otherwise suitable to manage the marketing of investment contracts on behalf of Norwich Union and also whether the Winchester Group could be safely regarded as a fit and proper person for the purposes of enjoying appointed representative status ; ( 5 ) that policies had been sold by eight persons engaged by the Winchester Group who had not been appointed as company representatives of Norwich Union or in any other way authorised to sell investment contracts on behalf of Norwich Union and that other individuals who had been appointed as company representatives had not been registered as such with Lautro ; ( 6 ) that certain company representatives engaged by the Winchester Group appeared to be channelling client moneys through their own personal bank accounts .
in this context , the material before the board indicated — ( 1 ) that investors were persuaded by company representatives employed by the winchester group to cancel their existing policies and to ‘ switch ’ to norwich union without their best interests and any disadvantages attendant upon so doing necessarily being considered ; ( 2 ) that other undesirable selling practices — for instance ‘ overselling ’ whereby investors are persuaded to take out a range of policies which they may not be able to afford in the long term — have been employed by company representatives selling on behalf of the winchester group ; ( 3 ) that the fact find forms completed by the winchester group for forwarding to norwich union were inadequate for the purposes of ensuring that products were only sold to investors on a ‘ best advice ’ basis ; ( 4 ) that the connections between mr. tee and mr. kissane ( a former director of the winchester group now awaiting trial on charges of theft of client moneys ) and also between the winchester group and mr. randhir singh were such as to call into question the extent to which the controllers , directors and senior managers of the winchester group could be regarded as being of good character and competent or otherwise suitable to manage the marketing of investment contracts on behalf of norwich union and also whether the winchester group could be safely regarded as a fit and proper person for the purposes of enjoying appointed representative status ; ( 5 ) that policies had been sold by eight persons engaged by the winchester group who had not been appointed as company representatives of norwich union or in any other way authorised to sell investment contracts on behalf of norwich union and that other individuals who had been appointed as company representatives had not been [signed up] as such with lautro ; ( 6 ) that certain company representatives engaged by the winchester group appeared to be channelling client moneys through their own personal bank accounts .

Land Registration — Register — Rectification — Registered owner executing power of attorney — Donee of power tricked into signing transfer — Building society granting mortgage on property — Whether general power to order rectification of register — Land Registration Act 1925 ( 15 Geo. 5 , c. 21 ) , s. 82 ( as amended by Administration of Justice Act 1977 ( c. 38 ) , ss. 24 , 32 , Sch . 5 )
land registration — register — rectification — [signed up] owner executing power of attorney — donee of power tricked into signing transfer — building society granting mortgage on property — whether general power to order rectification of register — land registration act 1925 ( 15 geo. 5 , c. 21 ) , s. 82 ( as amended by administration of justice act 1977 ( c. 38 ) , ss. 24 , 32 , sch . 5 )

By a notice of appeal dated 1 March 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , Mrs. Mary Steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and accordingly could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the transfer of 4 September 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the transfer ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the transfer was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he retained a discretion to rectify the charges register against the registered holder , notwithstanding , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , Mr. and Mrs. Hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the registered holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the considerations in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the exclusion of the other considerations which favoured rectification .
by a notice of appeal dated 1 march 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , mrs. mary steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and accordingly could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the transfer of 4 september 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the transfer ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the transfer was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he retained a discretion to rectify the charges register against the [signed up] holder , notwithstanding , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , mr. and mrs. hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the [signed up] holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the considerations in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the exclusion of the other considerations which favoured rectification .

obtained registered charges .
obtained [signed up] charges .

So the upshot of the trial was that Mr. Steed was restored to the position of registered proprietor but had failed to upset the building society 's charge .
so the upshot of the trial was that mr. steed was restored to the position of [signed up] proprietor but had failed to upset the building society 's charge .

The building society advanced £15,000 to the Hammonds on the security of the charge which they executed and which was subsequently registered .
the building society advanced £15,000 to the hammonds on the security of the charge which they executed and which was subsequently [signed up] .

The question is whether the court has power under section 82 of the Land Registration Act 1925 to order the register to be rectified by deletion of the entry of the building society 's registered charge in the charges register .
the question is whether the court has power under section 82 of the land registration act 1925 to order the register to be rectified by deletion of the entry of the building society 's [signed up] charge in the charges register .

‘ ( 1 ) The register may be rectified pursuant to an order of the court or by the registrar , subject to an appeal to the court , in any of the following cases , but subject to the provisions of this section : — ( a ) Subject to any express provisions of this Act to the contrary , where a court of competent jurisdiction has decided that any person is entitled to any estate right or interest in or to any registered land or charge , and as a consequence of such decision such court is of opinion that a rectification of the register is required , and makes an order to that effect ; ( b ) Subject to any express provision of this Act to the contrary , where the court , on the application in the prescribed manner of any person who is aggrieved by any entry made in , or by the omission of any entry from , the register , or by any default being made , or unnecessary delay taking place , in the making of any entry in the register , makes an order for the rectification of the register ; ( c ) In any case and at any time with the consent of all persons interested ; ( d ) Where the court or the registrar is satisfied that any entry in the register has been obtained by fraud ; ( e ) Where two or more persons are , by mistake , registered as proprietors of the same registered estate or of the same charge ; ( f ) Where a mortgagee has been registered as proprietor of the land instead of as proprietor of a charge and a right of redemption is subsisting ; ( g ) Where a legal estate has been registered in the name of a person who if the land had not been registered would not have been the estate owner ; and ( h ) In any other case where , by reason of any error or omission in the register , or by reason of any entry made under a mistake , it may be deemed just to rectify the register .
‘ ( 1 ) the register may be rectified pursuant to an order of the court or by the registrar , subject to an appeal to the court , in any of the following cases , but subject to the provisions of this section : — ( a ) subject to any express provisions of this act to the contrary , where a court of competent jurisdiction has decided that any person is entitled to any estate right or interest in or to any [signed up] land or charge , and as a consequence of such decision such court is of opinion that a rectification of the register is required , and makes an order to that effect ; ( b ) subject to any express provision of this act to the contrary , where the court , on the application in the prescribed manner of any person who is aggrieved by any entry made in , or by the omission of any entry from , the register , or by any default being made , or unnecessary delay taking place , in the making of any entry in the register , makes an order for the rectification of the register ; ( c ) in any case and at any time with the consent of all persons interested ; ( d ) where the court or the registrar is satisfied that any entry in the register has been obtained by fraud ; ( e ) where two or more persons are , by mistake , [signed up] as proprietors of the same [signed up] estate or of the same charge ; ( f ) where a mortgagee has been [signed up] as proprietor of the land instead of as proprietor of a charge and a right of redemption is subsisting ; ( g ) where a legal estate has been [signed up] in the name of a person who if the land had not been [signed up] would not have been the estate owner ; and ( h ) in any other case where , by reason of any error or omission in the register , or by reason of any entry made under a mistake , it may be deemed just to rectify the register .

… ( 5 ) The registrar shall obey the order of any competent court in relation to any registered land on being served with the order or an official copy thereof .
… ( 5 ) the registrar shall obey the order of any competent court in relation to any [signed up] land on being served with the order or an official copy thereof .

… ( 4 ) Subject as hereafter provided , a proprietor of any registered land or charge claiming in good faith under a forged disposition shall , where the register is rectified , be deemed to have suffered loss by reason of such rectification and shall be entitled to be indemnified under this Act .
… ( 4 ) subject as hereafter provided , a proprietor of any [signed up] land or charge claiming in good faith under a forged disposition shall , where the register is rectified , be deemed to have suffered loss by reason of such rectification and shall be entitled to be indemnified under this act .

( 5 ) No indemnity shall be payable under this Act in any of the following cases : — ( a ) where the applicant or a person from whom he derives title ( otherwise than under a disposition for valuable consideration which is registered or protected on the register ) has caused or substantially contributed to the loss by fraud or lack of proper care ; … ( 6 ) Where an indemnity is paid in respect of the loss of an estate or interest in or charge on land the amount so paid shall not exceed — ( a ) Where the register is not rectified , the value of the estate , interest or charge at the time when the error or omission which caused the loss was made ; ( b ) Where the register is rectified , the value ( if there had been no rectification ) of the estate , interest or charge , immediately before the time of rectification .
( 5 ) no indemnity shall be payable under this act in any of the following cases : — ( a ) where the applicant or a person from whom he derives title ( otherwise than under a disposition for valuable consideration which is [signed up] or protected on the register ) has caused or substantially contributed to the loss by fraud or lack of proper care ; … ( 6 ) where an indemnity is paid in respect of the loss of an estate or interest in or charge on land the amount so paid shall not exceed — ( a ) where the register is not rectified , the value of the estate , interest or charge at the time when the error or omission which caused the loss was made ; ( b ) where the register is rectified , the value ( if there had been no rectification ) of the estate , interest or charge , immediately before the time of rectification .

Paragraph ( a ) enables an order of rectification to be made where the court ‘ has decided that any person is entitled to any estate right or interest in or to any registered land or charge … ’ This , in my judgment , is a clear reference to an entitlement under the substantive law .
paragraph ( a ) enables an order of rectification to be made where the court ‘ has decided that any person is entitled to any estate right or interest in or to any [signed up] land or charge … ’ this , in my judgment , is a clear reference to an entitlement under the substantive law .

Be that as it may , the real question at issue is whether the provision was intended simply to provide a remedy in respect of proprietary rights that either entitled the proprietor to have some entry made on the register or entitled the proprietor to have some entry removed from the register or whether the provision should be construed as creating a new cause of action entitling the court to make rectification orders as it might in its discretion think fit in favour of persons who would not under substantive law , apart from paragraph ( b ) , have any proprietary rights which they could assert against the registered proprietor or chargee .
be that as it may , the real question at issue is whether the provision was intended simply to provide a remedy in respect of proprietary rights that either entitled the proprietor to have some entry made on the register or entitled the proprietor to have some entry removed from the register or whether the provision should be construed as creating a new cause of action entitling the court to make rectification orders as it might in its discretion think fit in favour of persons who would not under substantive law , apart from paragraph ( b ) , have any proprietary rights which they could assert against the [signed up] proprietor or chargee .

Parliament could not have intended paragraph ( b ) to produce new substantive rights in respect of registered land , enabling registered dispositions to be set aside and removed from the register in circumstances where , if the land had not been registered , no cause of action would have existed .
parliament could not have intended paragraph ( b ) to produce new substantive rights in respect of [signed up] land , enabling [signed up] dispositions to be set aside and removed from the register in circumstances where , if the land had not been [signed up] , no cause of action would have existed .

The legal charge was executed by the Hammonds , who were at the time transferees under a transfer executed by Mrs. Steed as attorney for the registered proprietor .
the legal charge was executed by the hammonds , who were at the time transferees under a transfer executed by mrs. steed as attorney for the [signed up] proprietor .

156 concerned a strip of land which had , on first registration , been included in a registered title notwithstanding that it was in the possession of an adjoining owner .
156 concerned a strip of land which had , on first registration , been included in a [signed up] title notwithstanding that it was in the possession of an adjoining owner .

The administrators of a company issued an originating application against a bank registered in Jersey seeking , inter alia , declarations that the transfer to the bank of considerable sums of money belonging to the company by one of its directors constituted transactions at an undervalue within the meaning of section 238 of the Insolvency Act 1986 and also orders for repayment .
the administrators of a company issued an originating application against a bank [signed up] in jersey seeking , inter alia , declarations that the transfer to the bank of considerable sums of money belonging to the company by one of its directors constituted transactions at an undervalue within the meaning of section 238 of the insolvency act 1986 and also orders for repayment .

By a notice of appeal dated 22 July 1991 the administrators appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law in holding that the court had no jurisdiction to make any order under section 238 of the Act of 1986 against the bank ; ( 2 ) the judge should have held that the words ‘ any person ’ in section 238 meant ( in the case of a company ) any company , whether or not registered in England and Wales , or having a place of business in England and Wales , or carrying on business in England and Wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; alternatively , that those words ( in the case of a company ) meant any company with a sufficient connection with England and Wales : and that , on the facts of the case , there was a sufficient connection ; and in either case the court accordingly had jurisdiction to entertain the originating application against the bank , and to grant leave under rule 12.12 of the Insolvency Rules 1986 to serve the bank in Jersey ; and ( 3 ) in construing section 238 of the Act of 1986 the judge had erred in failing ( i ) to hold that the bank , even though a Jersey company , was within the class of persons with respect to whom Parliament was to be presumed to be legislating in section 238 ; ( ii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the mischief which the section was intended to remedy , and/or to the disastrous practical consequences for all insolvencies with any international element if the operation of the section were limited to those within England and Wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; ( iii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the legislative context of the section and related sections ; and ( iv ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the fact that the transactions dealt with by the sections necessarily had a connection with England and Wales in that they involved a disposition of the property of a person or company the subject of insolvency proceedings before the courts of England and Wales .
by a notice of appeal dated 22 july 1991 the administrators appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law in holding that the court had no jurisdiction to make any order under section 238 of the act of 1986 against the bank ; ( 2 ) the judge should have held that the words ‘ any person ’ in section 238 meant ( in the case of a company ) any company , whether or not [signed up] in england and wales , or having a place of business in england and wales , or carrying on business in england and wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; alternatively , that those words ( in the case of a company ) meant any company with a sufficient connection with england and wales : and that , on the facts of the case , there was a sufficient connection ; and in either case the court accordingly had jurisdiction to entertain the originating application against the bank , and to grant leave under rule 12.12 of the insolvency rules 1986 to serve the bank in jersey ; and ( 3 ) in construing section 238 of the act of 1986 the judge had erred in failing ( i ) to hold that the bank , even though a jersey company , was within the class of persons with respect to whom parliament was to be presumed to be legislating in section 238 ; ( ii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the mischief which the section was intended to remedy , and/or to the disastrous practical consequences for all insolvencies with any international element if the operation of the section were limited to those within england and wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; ( iii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the legislative context of the section and related sections ; and ( iv ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the fact that the transactions dealt with by the sections necessarily had a connection with england and wales in that they involved a disposition of the property of a person or company the subject of insolvency proceedings before the courts of england and wales .

‘ Company ’ means , in short , a company registered under the Companies Acts : see sections 251 and 735 ( 1 ) of the Companies Act 1985 .
‘ company ’ means , in short , a company [signed up] under the companies acts : see sections 251 and 735 ( 1 ) of the companies act 1985 .

The applicant , Mr. George Tan Soon Gin , was the chairman and prime mover of a group of companies , registered in Hong Kong , of which the most important was Carrian International Ltd .
the applicant , mr. george tan soon gin , was the chairman and prime mover of a group of companies , [signed up] in hong kong , of which the most important was carrian international ltd .

Fishing vessels registered in the register of British vessels under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 were owned or managed by the applicants , companies incorporated under the laws of the United Kingdom and their directors and shareholders , most of whom were Spanish nationals .
fishing vessels [signed up] in the register of british vessels under the merchant shipping act 1894 were owned or managed by the applicants , companies incorporated under the laws of the united kingdom and their directors and shareholders , most of whom were spanish nationals .

The Merchant Shipping Act 1988 required all British fishing vessels , including those formerly registered under the Act of 1894 , to be entered in a new register .
the merchant shipping act 1988 required all british fishing vessels , including those formerly [signed up] under the act of 1894 , to be entered in a new register .

Those companies between them owned or managed 95 fishing vessels which were until 31 March 1989 registered as British fishing vessels under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 ( 57 & 58 Vict .
those companies between them owned or managed 95 fishing vessels which were until 31 march 1989 [signed up] as british fishing vessels under the merchant shipping act 1894 ( 57 & 58 vict .

Fifty-three of those vessels were originally registered in Spain and flew the Spanish flag .
fifty-three of those vessels were originally [signed up] in spain and flew the spanish flag .

Those 53 vessels were registered under the Act of 1894 at various dates from 1980 onwards .
those 53 vessels were [signed up] under the act of 1894 at various dates from 1980 onwards .

Section 13 of the Act of 1988 provided for the establishment of a new register of all British fishing vessels including those registered in the old register maintained under the Act of 1894 .
section 13 of the act of 1988 provided for the establishment of a new register of all british fishing vessels including those [signed up] in the old register maintained under the act of 1894 .

However , only fishing vessels fulfilling the conditions laid down in section 14 of the Act of 1988 might be registered in the new register .
however , only fishing vessels fulfilling the conditions laid down in section 14 of the act of 1988 might be [signed up] in the new register .

‘ ( 1 ) Subject to subsections ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) , a fishing vessel shall only be eligible to be registered as a British fishing vessel if — ( a ) the vessel is British-owned ; ( b ) the vessel is managed , and its operations are directed and controlled , from within the United Kingdom ; and ( c ) any charterer , manager or operator of the vessel is a qualified person or company .
‘ ( 1 ) subject to subsections ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) , a fishing vessel shall only be eligible to be [signed up] as a british fishing vessel if — ( a ) the vessel is british-owned ; ( b ) the vessel is managed , and its operations are directed and controlled , from within the united kingdom ; and ( c ) any charterer , manager or operator of the vessel is a qualified person or company .

‘ ( 2 ) In the light of the provisions and principles of Community law and in particular ( but without limitation ) the principle of non-discrimination on grounds of nationality , the right of establishment and the requirement of proportionality , is a member state entitled to stipulate that in order to be registered in and entitled to fly the flag of that member state , a fishing vessel : ( a ) must have its legal title vested as to 100 per cent .
‘ ( 2 ) in the light of the provisions and principles of community law and in particular ( but without limitation ) the principle of non-discrimination on grounds of nationality , the right of establishment and the requirement of proportionality , is a member state entitled to stipulate that in order to be [signed up] in and entitled to fly the flag of that member state , a fishing vessel : ( a ) must have its legal title vested as to 100 per cent .

‘ ( 4 ) Are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the Common Fisheries Policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?
‘ ( 4 ) are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly [signed up] in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the common fisheries policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?

In the following , each of the following expressions , ‘ to be registered ’ in a state , ‘ to have the nationality ’ of a state and ‘ to fly the flag ’ of a state , should be understood as covering all three concepts .
in the following , each of the following expressions , ‘ to be [signed up] ’ in a state , ‘ to have the nationality ’ of a state and ‘ to fly the flag ’ of a state , should be understood as covering all three concepts .

The Greek Government considered that that view was borne out by the fact that the Community legislation on the fishing industry referred to vessels ‘ flying the flag of a member state ’ or ‘ registered in a member state ’ and regarded those concepts as having been defined by the laws of the member states .
the greek government considered that that view was borne out by the fact that the community legislation on the fishing industry referred to vessels ‘ flying the flag of a member state ’ or ‘ [signed up] in a member state ’ and regarded those concepts as having been defined by the laws of the member states .

‘ Where , in the case of any fishing vessel , the Secretary of State is satisfied that — ( a ) the vessel would be eligible to be registered as a British fishing vessel but for the fact that any particular individual , or ( as the case may be ) each of a number of particular individuals , is not a British citizen ( and is accordingly not a qualified person ) , and ( b ) it would be appropriate to dispense with the requirement of British citizenship in the case of that individual or those individuals , in view of the length of time he has or they have resided in the United Kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the United Kingdom , the Secretary of State may determine that that requirement should be so dispensed with ; and , if he does so , the vessel shall , so long as paragraph ( a ) above applies to it and any such determination remains in force , be treated for the purposes of this Part as eligible to be registered as a British fishing vessel .
‘ where , in the case of any fishing vessel , the secretary of state is satisfied that — ( a ) the vessel would be eligible to be [signed up] as a british fishing vessel but for the fact that any particular individual , or ( as the case may be ) each of a number of particular individuals , is not a british citizen ( and is accordingly not a qualified person ) , and ( b ) it would be appropriate to dispense with the requirement of british citizenship in the case of that individual or those individuals , in view of the length of time he has or they have resided in the united kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the united kingdom , the secretary of state may determine that that requirement should be so dispensed with ; and , if he does so , the vessel shall , so long as paragraph ( a ) above applies to it and any such determination remains in force , be treated for the purposes of this part as eligible to be [signed up] as a british fishing vessel .

The Government of the Federal Republic of Germany referred by way of example to the possibility of requiring the relevant fishing vessel to operate from the member state in which it was registered , its crew to be affiliated to the social security scheme of that member state or supply contracts relating to the purchase of the catch to be concluded with local undertakings .
the government of the federal republic of germany referred by way of example to the possibility of requiring the relevant fishing vessel to operate from the member state in which it was [signed up] , its crew to be affiliated to the social security scheme of that member state or supply contracts relating to the purchase of the catch to be concluded with local undertakings .

The applicants in the main proceedings observed in limine that ( a ) 36 of their 95 fishing vessels were part of the United Kingdom fleet during the period 1973 to 1978 ( the reference period for the allocation of the quotas which were introduced in January 1983 ) ; ( b ) 85 of those 95 vessels were registered and in use as British fishing vessels by January 1983 , and ( c ) of those 85 vessels , 42 had always been British flag vessels and 43 were ex-Spanish flag boats which had transferred to the British flag before 1983 .
the applicants in the main proceedings observed in limine that ( a ) 36 of their 95 fishing vessels were part of the united kingdom fleet during the period 1973 to 1978 ( the reference period for the allocation of the quotas which were introduced in january 1983 ) ; ( b ) 85 of those 95 vessels were [signed up] and in use as british fishing vessels by january 1983 , and ( c ) of those 85 vessels , 42 had always been british flag vessels and 43 were ex-spanish flag boats which had transferred to the british flag before 1983 .

As can be seen from paragraph 3 of the reports for the hearings in the two cases , the British legislation at issue , dating from 1988 , provides for the establishment of a new register of all British fishing vessels including those registered in the old register maintained under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 .
as can be seen from paragraph 3 of the reports for the hearings in the two cases , the british legislation at issue , dating from 1988 , provides for the establishment of a new register of all british fishing vessels including those [signed up] in the old register maintained under the merchant shipping act 1894 .

However , only fishing vessels fulfilling the conditions laid down in section 14 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1988 may be registered in the new register .
however , only fishing vessels fulfilling the conditions laid down in section 14 of the merchant shipping act 1988 may be [signed up] in the new register .

3 . Section 14(1) provides that , subject to a dispensation granted by the Secretary of State for Transport , a fishing vessel is only to be eligible to be registered in the new register if :
3 . section 14(1) provides that , subject to a dispensation granted by the secretary of state for transport , a fishing vessel is only to be eligible to be [signed up] in the new register if :

Member states shall ensure in particular equal conditions of access to and use of the fishing grounds situated in the waters referred to in the preceding sub-paragraph for all fishing vessels flying the flag of a member state and registered in Community territory .
member states shall ensure in particular equal conditions of access to and use of the fishing grounds situated in the waters referred to in the preceding sub-paragraph for all fishing vessels flying the flag of a member state and [signed up] in community territory .

As for the requirement for companies which own or operate fishing vessels registered in the United Kingdom to have their principal place of business in the United Kingdom , little needs to be added to that which has already been stated in discussing the nationality requirements .
as for the requirement for companies which own or operate fishing vessels [signed up] in the united kingdom to have their principal place of business in the united kingdom , little needs to be added to that which has already been stated in discussing the nationality requirements .

‘ acceptance of the proposition that the member state in which a company seeks to establish itself may freely apply to it a different treatment solely by reason of the fact that its registered office is situated in another member state would thus deprive article 58 of all meaning .
‘ acceptance of the proposition that the member state in which a company seeks to establish itself may freely apply to it a different treatment solely by reason of the fact that its [signed up] office is situated in another member state would thus deprive article 58 of all meaning .

That principle must also be applied here , since to require a company incorporated under the law of one member state , which has its registered office , central administration or principal place of business in that member state ( within the meaning of article 58 ) , or even in another member state , to transfer its principal place of business to the member state where a certain activity , such as fishing , is to be carried on , deprives that company of the possibility of exercising its right of establishment through the setting up of agencies , branches or subsidiaries , as is expressly provided for in the second sentence of the first paragraph of article 52 .
that principle must also be applied here , since to require a company incorporated under the law of one member state , which has its [signed up] office , central administration or principal place of business in that member state ( within the meaning of article 58 ) , or even in another member state , to transfer its principal place of business to the member state where a certain activity , such as fishing , is to be carried on , deprives that company of the possibility of exercising its right of establishment through the setting up of agencies , branches or subsidiaries , as is expressly provided for in the second sentence of the first paragraph of article 52 .

Under section 14 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the Act of 1988 , a fishing vessel may be registered in the new register only if it ‘ is managed , and its operations are directed and controlled , from within the United Kingdom .
under section 14 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the act of 1988 , a fishing vessel may be [signed up] in the new register only if it ‘ is managed , and its operations are directed and controlled , from within the united kingdom .

This does not mean that the ‘ base of operations ’ can not receive general directives from the owners of the vessel residing in another member state or from a company having its registered office , central administration or principal place of business in another member state .
this does not mean that the ‘ base of operations ’ can not receive general directives from the owners of the vessel residing in another member state or from a company having its [signed up] office , central administration or principal place of business in another member state .

That power can be exercised only with regard to vessels flying the flag of the member state concerned or registered there .
that power can be exercised only with regard to vessels flying the flag of the member state concerned or [signed up] there .

4 . The application of the requirements at issue to fishing vessels previously registered in the old register
4 . the application of the requirements at issue to fishing vessels previously [signed up] in the old register

( 1 ) Whilst at present it falls to the member state concerned to determine whether a vessel is entitled to be registered in that state , the member state in question is none the less bound to comply with the relevant principles and provisions of Community law .
( 1 ) whilst at present it falls to the member state concerned to determine whether a vessel is entitled to be [signed up] in that state , the member state in question is none the less bound to comply with the relevant principles and provisions of community law .

According to the documents before the court , the applicants in the main proceedings are the owners or operators of 95 fishing vessels which were registered in the register of British vessels under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 .
according to the documents before the court , the applicants in the main proceedings are the owners or operators of 95 fishing vessels which were [signed up] in the register of british vessels under the merchant shipping act 1894 .

Of those vessels , 53 were originally registered in Spain and flew the Spanish flag , but on various dates as from 1980 they were registered in the British register .
of those vessels , 53 were originally [signed up] in spain and flew the spanish flag , but on various dates as from 1980 they were [signed up] in the british register .

The remaining 42 vessels have always been registered in the United Kingdom , but were purchased by the companies in question on various dates , mainly since 1983 .
the remaining 42 vessels have always been [signed up] in the united kingdom , but were purchased by the companies in question on various dates , mainly since 1983 .

The Act of 1988 provided for the establishment of a new register in which thereafter all British fishing vessels were to be registered , including those which were already registered in the old general register maintained under the Act of 1894 .
the act of 1988 provided for the establishment of a new register in which thereafter all british fishing vessels were to be [signed up] , including those which were already [signed up] in the old general register maintained under the act of 1894 .

However , only fishing vessels fulfilling the conditions laid down in section 14 of the Act of 1988 could be registered in the new register .
however , only fishing vessels fulfilling the conditions laid down in section 14 of the act of 1988 could be [signed up] in the new register .

6 . Section 14(1) provided that , subject to dispensations to be determined by the Secretary of State for Transport , a fishing vessel was eligible to be registered in the new register only if
6 . section 14(1) provided that , subject to dispensations to be determined by the secretary of state for transport , a fishing vessel was eligible to be [signed up] in the new register only if

At the time of the institution of the main proceedings , the applicants ' 95 fishing vessels failed to satisfy one or more of the conditions for registration under section 14 of the Act of 1988 and thus could not be registered in the new register .
at the time of the institution of the main proceedings , the applicants ' 95 fishing vessels failed to satisfy one or more of the conditions for registration under section 14 of the act of 1988 and thus could not be [signed up] in the new register .

‘ ( 2 ) In the light of the provisions and principles of Community law and in particular ( but without limitation ) the principle of non-discrimination on grounds of nationality , the right of establishment and the requirement of proportionality , is a member state entitled to stipulate that in order to be registered in and entitled to fly the flag of that member state , a fishing vessel : ( a ) must have its legal title vested as to 100 per cent .
‘ ( 2 ) in the light of the provisions and principles of community law and in particular ( but without limitation ) the principle of non-discrimination on grounds of nationality , the right of establishment and the requirement of proportionality , is a member state entitled to stipulate that in order to be [signed up] in and entitled to fly the flag of that member state , a fishing vessel : ( a ) must have its legal title vested as to 100 per cent .

‘ ( 4 ) Are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the Common Fisheries Policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?
‘ ( 4 ) are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly [signed up] in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the common fisheries policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?

Consequently , the answer to question ( 1 ) must be that , as Community law stands at present , it is for the member states to determine , in accordance with the general rules of international law , the conditions which must be fulfilled in order for a vessel to be registered in their registers and granted the right to fly their flag , but , in exercising that power , the member states must comply with the rules of Community law .
consequently , the answer to question ( 1 ) must be that , as community law stands at present , it is for the member states to determine , in accordance with the general rules of international law , the conditions which must be fulfilled in order for a vessel to be [signed up] in their registers and granted the right to fly their flag , but , in exercising that power , the member states must comply with the rules of community law .

The United Kingdom and Belgium argue , however , that the registration of a vessel in a member state is not a conditio sine qua non of establishment in that state , since natural persons or companies are not precluded from operating vessels , even fishing vessels , for instance from the United Kingdom , in the context of operations linked to the territory of that state ; establishment in the United Kingdom in that way would be possible in respect of any vessel registered in one of the other member states .
the united kingdom and belgium argue , however , that the registration of a vessel in a member state is not a conditio sine qua non of establishment in that state , since natural persons or companies are not precluded from operating vessels , even fishing vessels , for instance from the united kingdom , in the context of operations linked to the territory of that state ; establishment in the united kingdom in that way would be possible in respect of any vessel [signed up] in one of the other member states .

As for the requirement for the owners , charterers , managers and operators of the vessel and , in the case of a company , the shareholders and directors , to be resident and domiciled in the member state in which the vessel is to be registered , it must be held that such a requirement , which is not justified by the rights and obligations created by the grant of a national flag to a vessel , results in discrimination on grounds of nationality .
as for the requirement for the owners , charterers , managers and operators of the vessel and , in the case of a company , the shareholders and directors , to be resident and domiciled in the member state in which the vessel is to be [signed up] , it must be held that such a requirement , which is not justified by the rights and obligations created by the grant of a national flag to a vessel , results in discrimination on grounds of nationality .

In this regard , it is sufficient to point out that a requirement for the registration of a vessel to the effect that it must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within the member state in which it is to be registered essentially coincides with the actual concept of establishment within the meaning of articles 52 et seq .
in this regard , it is sufficient to point out that a requirement for the registration of a vessel to the effect that it must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within the member state in which it is to be [signed up] essentially coincides with the actual concept of establishment within the meaning of articles 52 et seq .

Such a requirement , however , would not be compatible with those provisions if it had to be interpreted as precluding registration in the event that a secondary establishment or the centre for directing the operations of the vessel in the member state in which the vessel was to be registered acted on instructions from a decision-taking centre located in the member state of the principal establishment .
such a requirement , however , would not be compatible with those provisions if it had to be interpreted as precluding registration in the event that a secondary establishment or the centre for directing the operations of the vessel in the member state in which the vessel was to be [signed up] acted on instructions from a decision-taking centre located in the member state of the principal establishment .

( 1 ) As Community law stands at present , it is for the member states to determine , in accordance with the general rules of international law , the conditions which must be fulfilled in order for a vessel to be registered in their registers and granted the right to fly their flag , but , in exercising that power , the member states must comply with the rules of Community law .
( 1 ) as community law stands at present , it is for the member states to determine , in accordance with the general rules of international law , the conditions which must be fulfilled in order for a vessel to be [signed up] in their registers and granted the right to fly their flag , but , in exercising that power , the member states must comply with the rules of community law .

… ( 5 ) In this section — ‘ intellectual property ’ means any patent , trade mark , copyright , registered design , technical or commercial information or other intellectual property ; …
… ( 5 ) in this section — ‘ intellectual property ’ means any patent , trade mark , copyright , [signed up] design , technical or commercial information or other intellectual property ; …

( 1 ) It is not argued that under English company law , or under the English law of mortgage , a foreign company , that is a company not formed and registered under the Companies Acts , lacks the requisite legal capacity to enter into a debenture secured by a floating charge on property both in England and abroad and conferring a power to appoint a receiver and manager over the whole , or substantially the whole , of its property .
( 1 ) it is not argued that under english company law , or under the english law of mortgage , a foreign company , that is a company not formed and [signed up] under the companies acts , lacks the requisite legal capacity to enter into a debenture secured by a floating charge on property both in england and abroad and conferring a power to appoint a receiver and manager over the whole , or substantially the whole , of its property .

Subject of course to the wording of the particular statutory provisions , those general observations are as pertinent to the case of a security granted to a bank by an unregistered company as to a security granted by a company formed and registered under the Companies Acts .
subject of course to the wording of the particular statutory provisions , those general observations are as pertinent to the case of a security granted to a bank by an unregistered company as to a security granted by a company formed and [signed up] under the companies acts .

Why should the range of companies affected by the statutory scheme of administrative receivers not be co-extensive with the range of companies affected by the underlying contractual receivership regime ? Why should a receiver appointed over the property of a registered company and a receiver appointed over the property of an unregistered company under the same form of debenture and by the same debenture holder not both fall within the definition of an administrative receiver ? It makes no sense to confine the purpose and scheme of administrative receivership to appointments of receivers made over the property of registered companies .
why should the range of companies affected by the statutory scheme of administrative receivers not be co-extensive with the range of companies affected by the underlying contractual receivership regime ? why should a receiver appointed over the property of a [signed up] company and a receiver appointed over the property of an unregistered company under the same form of debenture and by the same debenture holder not both fall within the definition of an administrative receiver ? it makes no sense to confine the purpose and scheme of administrative receivership to appointments of receivers made over the property of [signed up] companies .

Both registered and unregistered companies may engage in activities both in England and abroad .
both [signed up] and unregistered companies may engage in activities both in england and abroad .

Why , for example , should the contributories and creditors of an unregistered company be denied the protection , enjoyed in the case of a registered company , of those provisions which require a receiver to be a licensed insolvency practitioner ? In fact , Parliament recognised this particular problem and expressly dealt with it in section 388 in the definition of the expression ‘ acting as an insolvency practitioner ’ in relation to the need for qualifications and the consequences of acting without those qualifications .
why , for example , should the contributories and creditors of an unregistered company be denied the protection , enjoyed in the case of a [signed up] company , of those provisions which require a receiver to be a licensed insolvency practitioner ? in fact , parliament recognised this particular problem and expressly dealt with it in section 388 in the definition of the expression ‘ acting as an insolvency practitioner ’ in relation to the need for qualifications and the consequences of acting without those qualifications .

Is ‘ company ’ in that context confined to a company formed and registered under the Companies Acts ?
is ‘ company ’ in that context confined to a company formed and [signed up] under the companies acts ?

This means that the company in question must be formed and registered under the Companies Act 1985 or under the former Companies Acts … What this means , in effect , therefore , in the context of private international law is that an administrator can not be appointed over the affairs , business and property of an overseas company .
this means that the company in question must be formed and [signed up] under the companies act 1985 or under the former companies acts … what this means , in effect , therefore , in the context of private international law is that an administrator can not be appointed over the affairs , business and property of an overseas company .

‘ Subject as above , ’ — and subsection ( 1 ) deals with the fact that certain provisions extend to Northern Ireland — ‘ and to any provision expressly relating to companies incorporated elsewhere than in Great Britain , nothing in this Act extends to Northern Ireland or applies to or in relation to companies registered or incorporated in Northern Ireland .
‘ subject as above , ’ — and subsection ( 1 ) deals with the fact that certain provisions extend to northern ireland — ‘ and to any provision expressly relating to companies incorporated elsewhere than in great britain , nothing in this act extends to northern ireland or applies to or in relation to companies [signed up] or incorporated in northern ireland .

( 3 ) An objection shall , for the purposes of paragraph ( ii ) of subsection ( 2 ) above , be intimated to the applicant ( a ) by delivering to him a copy of the notice of objection lodged with the licensing board under paragraph ( a ) of that subsection ; or ( ii ) by sending a copy of the said notice by registered post or by recorded delivery in a letter addressed to him at his proper address ; or ( c ) by leaving a copy of the said notice for him at his proper address ; and , for the purposes of paragraphs ( ii ) and ( c ) of this subsection , the proper address in the case of an applicant being an individual natural person shall be his place of abode as specified in his application or , in the case of such an applicant applying for the renewal of a licence , the premises in respect of which the application is made , and , in the case of an applicant other than an individual natural person , shall be the address specified in the application .
( 3 ) an objection shall , for the purposes of paragraph ( ii ) of subsection ( 2 ) above , be intimated to the applicant ( a ) by delivering to him a copy of the notice of objection lodged with the licensing board under paragraph ( a ) of that subsection ; or ( ii ) by sending a copy of the said notice by [signed up] post or by recorded delivery in a letter addressed to him at his proper address ; or ( c ) by leaving a copy of the said notice for him at his proper address ; and , for the purposes of paragraphs ( ii ) and ( c ) of this subsection , the proper address in the case of an applicant being an individual natural person shall be his place of abode as specified in his application or , in the case of such an applicant applying for the renewal of a licence , the premises in respect of which the application is made , and , in the case of an applicant other than an individual natural person , shall be the address specified in the application .

( 6 ) The provisions of this Act and of any byelaws or regulations made thereunder , other than provisions relating to permitted hours , shall apply to the sale of alcoholic liquor under subsection ( 1 ) above as if the sale took place on licensed premises and to the sale of alcoholic liquor under subsection ( 2 ) above as if the sale took place in the registered club .
( 6 ) the provisions of this act and of any byelaws or regulations made thereunder , other than provisions relating to permitted hours , shall apply to the sale of alcoholic liquor under subsection ( 1 ) above as if the sale took place on licensed premises and to the sale of alcoholic liquor under subsection ( 2 ) above as if the sale took place in the [signed up] club .

( 2 ) For the meaning of " registered club , " see s.139(I) .
( 2 ) for the meaning of " [signed up] club , " see s.139(i) .

Permitted hours in licensed premises and registered clubs
permitted hours in licensed premises and [signed up] clubs

( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act , the permitted hours in licensed premises , licensed canteens and registered clubs shall be those set out in the following provisions of this section .
( 1 ) subject to the provisions of this act , the permitted hours in licensed premises , licensed canteens and [signed up] clubs shall be those set out in the following provisions of this section .

( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act , no person shall , except during the permitted hours : ( a ) sell or supply to any person in any licensed premises , or licensed canteen , or in the premises of a registered club any alcoholic liquor to be consumed either on or off the premises , or consume in , or take from , any such premises any alcoholic liquor .
( 1 ) subject to the provisions of this act , no person shall , except during the permitted hours : ( a ) sell or supply to any person in any licensed premises , or licensed canteen , or in the premises of a [signed up] club any alcoholic liquor to be consumed either on or off the premises , or consume in , or take from , any such premises any alcoholic liquor .

( 2 ) Nothing in subsection ( 1 ) above shall prohibit or restrict : ( a ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor in any premises at any time within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the permitted hours ; ( b ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the permitted hours and was not supplied or taken away in an open vessel ; ( c ) the sale or supply to , or consumption by , any person of alcoholic liquor in any premises where he is residing ; ( d ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises by a person residing there ; ( e ) the supply of alcoholic liquor , in any premises , for consumption on those premises , to any private friends of a person residing there who are bona fide entertained by , and at the expense of , that person , or the consumption by such friends of alcoholic liquor so supplied to them ; the ordering of alcoholic liquor to be consumed off the premises or the despatch by the vendor of liquor so ordered ; ( g ) the supply of alcoholic liquor for consumption on licensed premises to any private friends of the holder of the licence bona fide entertained by him at his own expense , or the consumption of alcoholic liquor by persons so supplied ; ( h ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor at a meal by any person at any time within half an hour after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if the liquor was supplied during the permitted hours and served at the same time as the meal and for consumption at the meal ; ( i ) the sale of alcoholic liquor to a trader for the purposes of his trade , or to a registered club for the purposes of the club ; or ( j ) the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor to any canteen in which the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor is carried on under the authority of the Secretary of State or to any authorised mess of members of Her Majesty 's naval , military or air forces .
( 2 ) nothing in subsection ( 1 ) above shall prohibit or restrict : ( a ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor in any premises at any time within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the permitted hours ; ( b ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the permitted hours and was not supplied or taken away in an open vessel ; ( c ) the sale or supply to , or consumption by , any person of alcoholic liquor in any premises where he is residing ; ( d ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises by a person residing there ; ( e ) the supply of alcoholic liquor , in any premises , for consumption on those premises , to any private friends of a person residing there who are bona fide entertained by , and at the expense of , that person , or the consumption by such friends of alcoholic liquor so supplied to them ; the ordering of alcoholic liquor to be consumed off the premises or the despatch by the vendor of liquor so ordered ; ( g ) the supply of alcoholic liquor for consumption on licensed premises to any private friends of the holder of the licence bona fide entertained by him at his own expense , or the consumption of alcoholic liquor by persons so supplied ; ( h ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor at a meal by any person at any time within half an hour after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if the liquor was supplied during the permitted hours and served at the same time as the meal and for consumption at the meal ; ( i ) the sale of alcoholic liquor to a trader for the purposes of his trade , or to a [signed up] club for the purposes of the club ; or ( j ) the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor to any canteen in which the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor is carried on under the authority of the secretary of state or to any authorised mess of members of her majesty 's naval , military or air forces .

" licensed premises , " " licensed canteen " and " registered club " are defined in 5.139(1) .
" licensed premises , " " licensed canteen " and " [signed up] club " are defined in 5.139(1) .

( i ) Sale to a trader or registered club .
( i ) sale to a trader or [signed up] club .

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises In accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : Provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona fide used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing the customary main meal at midday for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a [signed up] club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona fide used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing the customary main meal at midday for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises .

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : Provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises , substantial refreshment to which the sale and supply of alcoholic liquor is ancillary .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a [signed up] club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises , substantial refreshment to which the sale and supply of alcoholic liquor is ancillary .

Then the same part of my mind registered that the Ardakkeans had again come to my ship without spacesuits , and had opened airlock manually despite its seals .
then the same part of my mind [signed up] that the ardakkeans had again come to my ship without spacesuits , and had opened airlock manually despite its seals .

Mr. Tony Favell , supported by Mr. David Harris , presented a Bill to remove from registers of common land and registers of town or village greens dwellinghouses registered under the Commons Registration Act 1965 which had been used as dwellinghouses for a minimum of twenty years immediately prior to the commencement of that Act ; and for purposes connected therewith : And the same was read the First time ; and ordered to be read a Second time on Friday 24 February and to be printed .
mr. tony favell , supported by mr. david harris , presented a bill to remove from registers of common land and registers of town or village greens dwellinghouses [signed up] under the commons registration act 1965 which had been used as dwellinghouses for a minimum of twenty years immediately prior to the commencement of that act ; and for purposes connected therewith : and the same was read the first time ; and ordered to be read a second time on friday 24 february and to be printed .

When mistakes arose , the original Welsh workforce was never blamed ; when success registered , Laura appreciated how much she owed to them .
when mistakes arose , the original welsh workforce was never blamed ; when success [signed up] , laura appreciated how much she owed to them .

Her saviour was as soaked to the skin as she was , she 'd registered .
her saviour was as soaked to the skin as she was , she 'd [signed up] .

After her brief confrontation with Romano de Sciorto she was trembling all over , she registered dimly , catching sight of herself in an ornate Venetian mirror on the wall .
after her brief confrontation with romano de sciorto she was trembling all over , she [signed up] dimly , catching sight of herself in an ornate venetian mirror on the wall .

He was exerting ruthless self-control , she dimly registered , her cheeks burning as she dared a quick inspection of his body , saw the hard male evidence of his arousal taut and infinitely alarming beneath the black swimming-trunks .
he was exerting ruthless self-control , she dimly [signed up] , her cheeks burning as she dared a quick inspection of his body , saw the hard male evidence of his arousal taut and infinitely alarming beneath the black swimming-trunks .

Not Stephanie , she registered automatically , fighting down the lamentable twist of emotion in her stomach .
not stephanie , she [signed up] automatically , fighting down the lamentable twist of emotion in her stomach .

She was in the grip of a white-hot fury , she registered , standing there in the middle of the room , staring at the calm , peaceful setting .
she was in the grip of a white-hot fury , she [signed up] , standing there in the middle of the room , staring at the calm , peaceful setting .

George 's face registered total disbelief and he turned to the telephone .
george 's face [signed up] total disbelief and he turned to the telephone .

‘ And the tank still registered full on the Monday ? ’
‘ and the tank still [signed up] full on the monday ? ’

‘ And they burned the debtors ’ bills ! And the title deeds of property ! ’ Rosa registered this , her grandfather 's only interjection .
‘ and they burned the debtors ’ bills ! and the title deeds of property ! ’ rosa [signed up] this , her grandfather 's only interjection .

Immacolata said it glowed prettily , the light was flattering , and this recollection passed across his mind at the same time as he registered the woman 's contorted face , her blotched cheeks and veined eyes , and began to hear what she was saying :
immacolata said it glowed prettily , the light was flattering , and this recollection passed across his mind at the same time as he [signed up] the woman 's contorted face , her blotched cheeks and veined eyes , and began to hear what she was saying :

He had barely registered this fact when he felt a tap on his shoulder .
he had barely [signed up] this fact when he felt a tap on his shoulder .

Josephine Butler , a feminist who led the fight against the Contagious Diseases Acts during the 1860s and 1870s , accepted the desirability of female moral purity and sexual innocence , but also registered her vehement objection to the medical profession .
josephine butler , a feminist who led the fight against the contagious diseases acts during the 1860s and 1870s , accepted the desirability of female moral purity and sexual innocence , but also [signed up] her vehement objection to the medical profession .

She saw and registered all this in parenthesis .
she saw and [signed up] all this in parenthesis .

The number of motor vehicles registered in California increased from 3 million in 1945 , to 5 million in 1950 , and then to 7 million by 1956 .
the number of motor vehicles [signed up] in california increased from 3 million in 1945 , to 5 million in 1950 , and then to 7 million by 1956 .

His unblinking eyes registered her impatience .
his unblinking eyes [signed up] her impatience .

Her words scarcely registered with Anne as she knelt beside the bed where her mother lay , perspiration running down her white face and small moans escaping her as she was fiercely gripped by pain .
her words scarcely [signed up] with anne as she knelt beside the bed where her mother lay , perspiration running down her white face and small moans escaping her as she was fiercely gripped by pain .

In May Maureen registered for war work and was directed to a clerical job in an office near Sarah 's .
in may maureen [signed up] for war work and was directed to a clerical job in an office near sarah 's .

There also exist private day-care facilities and child minders who provide a comparable service and who are registered and inspected by social services departments .
there also exist private day-care facilities and child minders who provide a comparable service and who are [signed up] and inspected by social services departments .

The doctor received a per capita payment for each of those registered with him or ( rarely ) her .
the doctor received a per capita payment for each of those [signed up] with him or ( rarely ) her .

The system of paying the family doctor retained the pre-1948 idea of a payment per patient registered with that doctor .
the system of paying the family doctor retained the pre-1948 idea of a payment per patient [signed up] with that doctor .

The thought was instantly suppressed by her happiness at seeing him again , and she was about to run swiftly across the room and into his arms when she registered his expression .
the thought was instantly suppressed by her happiness at seeing him again , and she was about to run swiftly across the room and into his arms when she [signed up] his expression .

He had also been registered as the owner of a number of import-export companies .
he had also been [signed up] as the owner of a number of import-export companies .

’ Dexter saw Lancaster 's eyes flicker as he registered the implications of what Blanche had just told him .
’ dexter saw lancaster 's eyes flicker as he [signed up] the implications of what blanche had just told him .

Dexter registered the narrator 's voice immediately .
dexter [signed up] the narrator 's voice immediately .

Cathy registered as a childminder when she started to look after a friend 's young son .
cathy [signed up] as a childminder when she started to look after a friend 's young son .

In the first half of 1991 , company insolvencies reached 10,833 ( 4.0 per cent of the total number of companies registered at Companies House ) compared with 6,549 ( 2.7 per cent ) in the equivalent period a year earlier .
in the first half of 1991 , company insolvencies reached 10,833 ( 4.0 per cent of the total number of companies [signed up] at companies house ) compared with 6,549 ( 2.7 per cent ) in the equivalent period a year earlier .

The Harman study looked at the ninety-six cases which had been decided by the Registered Homes Tribunal between 1985 and 1989 .
the harman study looked at the ninety-six cases which had been decided by the [signed up] homes tribunal between 1985 and 1989 .

The report claimed that the Code of Guidance which accompanied the Registered Homes Act of 1984 was not being applied , partly because of lack of resources and partly because of the restricted power of local authorities .
the report claimed that the code of guidance which accompanied the [signed up] homes act of 1984 was not being applied , partly because of lack of resources and partly because of the restricted power of local authorities .

The Land Registry has a free explanatory leaflet that will enable anyone to enquire about ownership of registered property and obtain details of the ‘ layout ’ of a particular piece of land . To obtain a copy of the leaflet , write to :
the land registry has a free explanatory leaflet that will enable anyone to enquire about ownership of [signed up] property and obtain details of the ‘ layout ’ of a particular piece of land . to obtain a copy of the leaflet , write to :

You can choose any registered dentist and will get a full preventative service .
you can choose any [signed up] dentist and will get a full preventative service .

The competition is open to all British racers registered with the British Ski Federation and aged 18 and over .
the competition is open to all british racers [signed up] with the british ski federation and aged 18 and over .

All you have to do is turn up at the surgery of the doctor of your choice and ask to be registered .
all you have to do is turn up at the surgery of the doctor of your choice and ask to be [signed up] .

Your sight can be tested only by a registered ophthalmic optician ( optometrist ) or an ophthalmic medical practitioner .
your sight can be tested only by a [signed up] ophthalmic optician ( optometrist ) or an ophthalmic medical practitioner .

are registered blind or partially sighted
are [signed up] blind or partially sighted

Whether a subscriber requires the simple verification of a customer 's registered name provided by our Corporate and Business Index or a detailed financial analysis of a company balance sheet , we can provide the appropriate level of detail ’ , stated Mr McKiernan .
whether a subscriber requires the simple verification of a customer 's [signed up] name provided by our corporate and business index or a detailed financial analysis of a company balance sheet , we can provide the appropriate level of detail ’ , stated mr mckiernan .

Report line provides on-line access to hard copies of any document registered at Companies House as well as Infolink 's own in-depth Company Status Reports .
report line provides on-line access to hard copies of any document [signed up] at companies house as well as infolink 's own in-depth company status reports .

The Historic Voters Roll will address this problem by providing a mechanism to confirm the existence of any supplied address , irrespective of whether an elector is currently registered there .
the historic voters roll will address this problem by providing a mechanism to confirm the existence of any supplied address , irrespective of whether an elector is currently [signed up] there .

It 's unlikely to be silver , as there are no assay marks , but the registered design mark is still legible .
it 's unlikely to be silver , as there are no assay marks , but the [signed up] design mark is still legible .

At some other level of consciousness she registered amazement , a flick of anger , and the distant recognition of her own recovery : eventually , she would remember that movement .
at some other level of consciousness she [signed up] amazement , a flick of anger , and the distant recognition of her own recovery : eventually , she would remember that movement .

She registered all this , opened the front door and knew also , immediately , that there was something alien about the house .
she [signed up] all this , opened the front door and knew also , immediately , that there was something alien about the house .

As a result , the size of almost all age groups has changed substantially over the past two decades , in marked contrast to the small increase registered by the overall population .
as a result , the size of almost all age groups has changed substantially over the past two decades , in marked contrast to the small increase [signed up] by the overall population .

Implicitly , the emphasis on conserving energy registered the austere virtues of hard work and cultural restraint which were the hallmark of the professional gentry .
implicitly , the emphasis on conserving energy [signed up] the austere virtues of hard work and cultural restraint which were the hallmark of the professional gentry .

The extent of the shift registered by these approaches becomes clear when compared with its antecedents .
the extent of the shift [signed up] by these approaches becomes clear when compared with its antecedents .

All such pathologies registered the move towards the particularization of social problems and their solutions .
all such pathologies [signed up] the move towards the particularization of social problems and their solutions .

Purity campaigns not only registered a shift in modalities of control , but a change in the personnel responsible for sexual regulation and in the sites from which power was exercised .
purity campaigns not only [signed up] a shift in modalities of control , but a change in the personnel responsible for sexual regulation and in the sites from which power was exercised .

The creation of the Ministry of Health in 1919 registered a self-conscious application of this moralized medical ideology .
the creation of the ministry of health in 1919 [signed up] a self-conscious application of this moralized medical ideology .

The cores of the metropolitan regions continued to lose population , though the gains registered by the surrounding counties were rather more subdued .
the cores of the metropolitan regions continued to lose population , though the gains [signed up] by the surrounding counties were rather more subdued .

The motor age had arrived and by the end of the 1950s one and a quarter million new vehicles were being registered every year .
the motor age had arrived and by the end of the 1950s one and a quarter million new vehicles were being [signed up] every year .

Across the hallway , a door was opened and an unfamiliar girl 's voice registered surprise .
across the hallway , a door was opened and an unfamiliar girl 's voice [signed up] surprise .

They were joke-shop membership cards of fictitious organisations — Alcoholics Unanimous , recruiting secretary for the Pudding Club , Registered Lecher .
they were joke-shop membership cards of fictitious organisations — alcoholics unanimous , recruiting secretary for the pudding club , [signed up] lecher .

He should have sensed that something was wrong , but he saw the thin trail of smoke above the trees and it hardly registered in his mind .
he should have sensed that something was wrong , but he saw the thin trail of smoke above the trees and it hardly [signed up] in his mind .

It 's a registered company , as capitalist as you can get .
it 's a [signed up] company , as capitalist as you can get .

As he was n't a registered reader it needed Diane 's signature on a xerox form .
as he was n't a [signed up] reader it needed diane 's signature on a xerox form .

Registered as English .
[signed up] as english .

‘ The address they registered does n't exist .
‘ the address they [signed up] does n't exist .

They all had civilian markings and were German registered .
they all had civilian markings and were german [signed up] .

They were the first words spoken since the horrifying , shrieking tumult had begun and the word registered strongly with Cardiff for those shrieking , howling , tormented voices indeed sounded like a horde of the damned from Hell .
they were the first words spoken since the horrifying , shrieking tumult had begun and the word [signed up] strongly with cardiff for those shrieking , howling , tormented voices indeed sounded like a horde of the damned from hell .

He had been watching Cardiff , and now that infuriating secret smile registered again .
he had been watching cardiff , and now that infuriating secret smile [signed up] again .

It registered the further damage being done to him .
it [signed up] the further damage being done to him .

There was something of kinship about her that registered on a purely instinctive level , and in a way that the thing could not interpret .
there was something of kinship about her that [signed up] on a purely instinctive level , and in a way that the thing could not interpret .

From the day we are born and our births are registered , we are not only individuals but members of a society which negotiates with us through institutions .
from the day we are born and our births are [signed up] , we are not only individuals but members of a society which negotiates with us through institutions .

a registered name for an ink colour matching system .
a [signed up] name for an ink colour matching system .

The six meetings , the bi-monthly newsletter and access to the technical database will be free of charge to all registered members .
the six meetings , the bi-monthly newsletter and access to the technical database will be free of charge to all [signed up] members .

Jaggard 's first book was registered with the Stationers ' Company on 4 March 1595 ; he rapidly became a successful businessman .
jaggard 's first book was [signed up] with the stationers ' company on 4 march 1595 ; he rapidly became a successful businessman .

George 's birth was not registered but his baptism was on 8 October 1858 and he celebrated his birthday on 9 September .
george 's birth was not [signed up] but his baptism was on 8 october 1858 and he celebrated his birthday on 9 september .

His son Thomas registered his death .
his son thomas [signed up] his death .

At about the same time he began buying copyrights : the first book to bear his imprint was an edition of Horace 's Lyrics , published in 1653 ; the first copyright he registered with the Stationers ' Company was a translation by Sir Kenelm Digby [ q.v . ]
at about the same time he began buying copyrights : the first book to bear his imprint was an edition of horace 's lyrics , published in 1653 ; the first copyright he [signed up] with the stationers ' company was a translation by sir kenelm digby [ q.v . ]

He was not accepted into the department of meteorology but registered as a student in the department of mathematics , where he wrote a doctoral thesis on ‘ The Theory of Development in Dynamical Meteorology ’ .
he was not accepted into the department of meteorology but [signed up] as a student in the department of mathematics , where he wrote a doctoral thesis on ‘ the theory of development in dynamical meteorology ’ .

He was first registered at birth as ‘ Herbert ’ .
he was first [signed up] at birth as ‘ herbert ’ .

By 3 February 1722 , when he registered his first maker 's marks at Goldsmiths ' Hall , he had set up in Threadneedle Street , a move made possible by his marriage on 9 January 1722 to Alder , wealthy daughter of Samuel Phelpes , gentleman merchant , and Mary Aldworth , descendant of merchant princes linked with the East India Company and the Society of Merchant Adventurers of Bristol .
by 3 february 1722 , when he [signed up] his first maker 's marks at goldsmiths ' hall , he had set up in threadneedle street , a move made possible by his marriage on 9 january 1722 to alder , wealthy daughter of samuel phelpes , gentleman merchant , and mary aldworth , descendant of merchant princes linked with the east india company and the society of merchant adventurers of bristol .

In November 1819 Hickman matriculated in Edinburgh , registered with the university , and joined the Royal Medical Society , but he did not graduate .
in november 1819 hickman matriculated in edinburgh , [signed up] with the university , and joined the royal medical society , but he did not graduate .

Between 1886 and 1888 MacArthur and the Forrests registered patents in Britain covering a new process of gold and silver recovery , based on dissolving crushed ore in potassium cyanide solution and subsequent filtration through metallic zinc .
between 1886 and 1888 macarthur and the forrests [signed up] patents in britain covering a new process of gold and silver recovery , based on dissolving crushed ore in potassium cyanide solution and subsequent filtration through metallic zinc .

In 1897 ‘ The Wireless Telegraph and Signal Company Limited ’ was registered ( Marconi 's own name did not appear in the title until 1900 ) and with increased funding the experiments became more ambitious .
in 1897 ‘ the wireless telegraph and signal company limited ’ was [signed up] ( marconi 's own name did not appear in the title until 1900 ) and with increased funding the experiments became more ambitious .

The East Indies remained a primary destination for Thornton 's British registered ships — for example , in 1857 six ships traded between London , Java , and Singapore .
the east indies remained a primary destination for thornton 's british [signed up] ships — for example , in 1857 six ships traded between london , java , and singapore .

In 1908 Meccano Limited was registered and , within five years , manufacturing plants were established in Paris , Berlin , Barcelona , and Elizabeth in New Jersey .
in 1908 meccano limited was [signed up] and , within five years , manufacturing plants were established in paris , berlin , barcelona , and elizabeth in new jersey .

The following year he registered for study in philosophy and theology at the University of Leyden and , apart from a brief return to Rostock , remained in The Netherlands until he took up a post at the University of Copenhagen in June 1648 .
the following year he [signed up] for study in philosophy and theology at the university of leyden and , apart from a brief return to rostock , remained in the netherlands until he took up a post at the university of copenhagen in june 1648 .

By 1842 the Somes shipping empire , that of the largest private shipowner in the world , embraced about forty ships registered at Lloyd 's .
by 1842 the somes shipping empire , that of the largest private shipowner in the world , embraced about forty ships [signed up] at lloyd 's .

He was registered as ‘ plebeian ’ when matriculated at Magdalen Hall , Oxford , in 1651 , and as a sizar when he migrated to Catharine Hall , Cambridge , in 1654 .
he was [signed up] as ‘ plebeian ’ when matriculated at magdalen hall , oxford , in 1651 , and as a sizar when he migrated to catharine hall , cambridge , in 1654 .

Though registered as Oliver , he was christened Richard , and called Dick by his intimates .
though [signed up] as oliver , he was christened richard , and called dick by his intimates .

His face registered relief when he saw her .
his face [signed up] relief when he saw her .

The basic principle which the Act lays down is that to become a member , and thereby a shareholder , there must be agreement and entry on a register of members which every type of registered company is required to maintain and which , in relation to a company with shares is also a register of shareholdings .
the basic principle which the act lays down is that to become a member , and thereby a shareholder , there must be agreement and entry on a register of members which every type of [signed up] company is required to maintain and which , in relation to a company with shares is also a register of shareholdings .

On their issue , the company removes from its register of members the name of the former registered holder and merely states the fact and date of the issue of the warrant and the number of shares ( or amount of stock ) to which it relates .
on their issue , the company removes from its register of members the name of the former [signed up] holder and merely states the fact and date of the issue of the warrant and the number of shares ( or amount of stock ) to which it relates .

Since , in practice , shares in British companies are ‘ registered ’ and not ‘ bearer ’ and since the process of becoming ( or ceasing to be ) a member and shareholder is incomplete until entry on the register , the statutory provisions regarding its maintenance are of importance . In summary , they are as follows :
since , in practice , shares in british companies are ‘ [signed up] ’ and not ‘ bearer ’ and since the process of becoming ( or ceasing to be ) a member and shareholder is incomplete until entry on the register , the statutory provisions regarding its maintenance are of importance . in summary , they are as follows :

In addition to showing the name and address of every member and the date on which he was registered as a member or ceased to be a member , in the case of a company with a share capital the register must also state the number and class of shares ( or amount of stock ) held by him and the amount paid-up on each share .
in addition to showing the name and address of every member and the date on which he was [signed up] as a member or ceased to be a member , in the case of a company with a share capital the register must also state the number and class of shares ( or amount of stock ) held by him and the amount paid-up on each share .

The register may be kept at the company 's registered office or at another office of the company or at the office of professional registrars to which the company has delegated this task , but , if kept otherwise than at the company 's registered office , notice must be given to the Registrar of the place where it is kept and of any change of that place .
the register may be kept at the company 's [signed up] office or at another office of the company or at the office of professional registrars to which the company has delegated this task , but , if kept otherwise than at the company 's [signed up] office , notice must be given to the registrar of the place where it is kept and of any change of that place .

The registered member may well be a trustee or nominee but of that the company neither knows nor is entitled to let anyone know ; , for ‘ No notice of any trust , expressed , implied or constructive shall be entered on the register or be receivable by the Registrar ’ in the case of companies registered in England and Wales .
the [signed up] member may well be a trustee or nominee but of that the company neither knows nor is entitled to let anyone know ; , for ‘ no notice of any trust , expressed , implied or constructive shall be entered on the register or be receivable by the registrar ’ in the case of companies [signed up] in england and wales .

But the register with which we are presently concerned is of little help ; in the case of a listed company the majority of the shares will probably be registered in the names of nominees .
but the register with which we are presently concerned is of little help ; in the case of a listed company the majority of the shares will probably be [signed up] in the names of nominees .

If there are any restrictions , a purchaser should not pay until he is satisfied that he will be registered , for there is no implied warranty to that effect by the seller .
if there are any restrictions , a purchaser should not pay until he is satisfied that he will be [signed up] , for there is no implied warranty to that effect by the seller .

Where there is a conflict between the register and the certificate , the former is stronger prima facie evidence than the latter but neither is decisive ; ownership of the shares depends on who is entitled to be registered .
where there is a conflict between the register and the certificate , the former is stronger prima facie evidence than the latter but neither is decisive ; ownership of the shares depends on who is entitled to be [signed up] .

The House of Lords held that in the context ‘ transferring ’ obviously meant assigning the beneficial interest and not the technical process of having a transfer registered .
the house of lords held that in the context ‘ transferring ’ obviously meant assigning the beneficial interest and not the technical process of having a transfer [signed up] .

( e ) If , as is normal , the regulations merely give the directors power to refuse to register , as opposed to making their passing of transfers a condition precedent to registration , the transferee is entitled to be registered unless the directors resolve as a board to reject .
( e ) if , as is normal , the regulations merely give the directors power to refuse to register , as opposed to making their passing of transfers a condition precedent to registration , the transferee is entitled to be [signed up] unless the directors resolve as a board to reject .

As we have seen , only if and when the transfer is registered , will the transferor cease to be a member and shareholder and the transferee will become a member and shareholder .
as we have seen , only if and when the transfer is [signed up] , will the transferor cease to be a member and shareholder and the transferee will become a member and shareholder .

’ One might have supposed , therefore , that if the donor has chosen to make the gift by handing to the donee a signed transfer and the share certificate , rather than by a formal declaration of trust in favour of the donee , the gift would not be effective unless and until the transfer was registered .
’ one might have supposed , therefore , that if the donor has chosen to make the gift by handing to the donee a signed transfer and the share certificate , rather than by a formal declaration of trust in favour of the donee , the gift would not be effective unless and until the transfer was [signed up] .

Hence it is only in respect of private companies that problems are still likely to arise when their articles provide , as they frequently do , that ‘ the company shall have a first and paramount lien on shares , whether or not fully-paid , registered in the name of a person indebted or under any liability to the company .
hence it is only in respect of private companies that problems are still likely to arise when their articles provide , as they frequently do , that ‘ the company shall have a first and paramount lien on shares , whether or not fully-paid , [signed up] in the name of a person indebted or under any liability to the company .

The principal examples of this are when a registered shareholder ( a ) dies or ( b ) becomes bankrupt .
the principal examples of this are when a [signed up] shareholder ( a ) dies or ( b ) becomes bankrupt .

However , he does not become a member unless he elects to apply to be registered and is registered as a member .
however , he does not become a member unless he elects to apply to be [signed up] and is [signed up] as a member .

‘ the rights to which he would be entitled if he were the holder of the share , except that he shall not , before being registered as the holder of the share , be entitled in respect of it to attend or vote at any general meeting of the company or at a separate meeting of the holders of any class of shares in the company . ’
‘ the rights to which he would be entitled if he were the holder of the share , except that he shall not , before being [signed up] as the holder of the share , be entitled in respect of it to attend or vote at any general meeting of the company or at a separate meeting of the holders of any class of shares in the company . ’

But , as in the case of a personal representative , until he elects to become registered and is , he will not become a member of the company entitled to attend meetings and to vote .
but , as in the case of a personal representative , until he elects to become [signed up] and is , he will not become a member of the company entitled to attend meetings and to vote .

As in the case of personal representatives , the company 's articles will probably provide that any restrictions on transferability apply on any application to be registered and to any transfer by him and these restrictions may handicap the trustee in obtaining the best price on a sale of the shares , particularly if the articles confer pre-emption rights .
as in the case of personal representatives , the company 's articles will probably provide that any restrictions on transferability apply on any application to be [signed up] and to any transfer by him and these restrictions may handicap the trustee in obtaining the best price on a sale of the shares , particularly if the articles confer pre-emption rights .

If a personal representative or trustee in bankruptcy elects to be registered , and is , he becomes personally liable for any amounts unpaid on the shares and not merely representationally liable to the extent of the estate .
if a personal representative or trustee in bankruptcy elects to be [signed up] , and is , he becomes personally liable for any amounts unpaid on the shares and not merely representationally liable to the extent of the estate .

Most of the problems in this area have now been resolved by the requirement that undertakings by a company not to create subsequent charges having priority to an existing charge have to be registered in the company 's register of charges and this will constitute notice to any person who is taking a charge which also has to be registered .
most of the problems in this area have now been resolved by the requirement that undertakings by a company not to create subsequent charges having priority to an existing charge have to be [signed up] in the company 's register of charges and this will constitute notice to any person who is taking a charge which also has to be [signed up] .

In addition , registration operates to protect the security holder by providing him with a certain degree of protection as to the validity and priority of his charge once it is registered ; this in turn benefits the company by enabling it to give the chargee the guarantee of such protection .
in addition , registration operates to protect the security holder by providing him with a certain degree of protection as to the validity and priority of his charge once it is [signed up] ; this in turn benefits the company by enabling it to give the chargee the guarantee of such protection .

Also , if registration creates , at the minimum , a presumption that the charge has been validly registered , this facilitates the chargee assigning the charge either outright or by way of security .
also , if registration creates , at the minimum , a presumption that the charge has been validly [signed up] , this facilitates the chargee assigning the charge either outright or by way of security .

This type of notice filing is intended to be simple , inexpensive and expeditious and to put persons on notice that a charge has been registered so that they can take whatever steps they consider appropriate to protect their interests .
this type of notice filing is intended to be simple , inexpensive and expeditious and to put persons on notice that a charge has been [signed up] so that they can take whatever steps they consider appropriate to protect their interests .

What has to be registered Section 396 , which sets out the charges that have to be registered , enumerates a list of registrable charges and any charge not on the list does not have to be registered .
what has to be [signed up] section 396 , which sets out the charges that have to be [signed up] , enumerates a list of registrable charges and any charge not on the list does not have to be [signed up] .

Also , at the end of the day there may not be a great deal of difference between a system which requires all charges subject to exceptions to be registered as opposed to the present one which requires specified charges to be registered subject to the power of the Secretary of State to add to or delete from their number .
also , at the end of the day there may not be a great deal of difference between a system which requires all charges subject to exceptions to be [signed up] as opposed to the present one which requires specified charges to be [signed up] subject to the power of the secretary of state to add to or delete from their number .

What need not be registered There are a range of charges that do not need to be registered .
what need not be [signed up] there are a range of charges that do not need to be [signed up] .

As between two registrable charges which have not been registered within 21 days , the first to register will obtain priority and a charge is not void against a person taking an interest in property which is made expressly subject to the charge .
as between two registrable charges which have not been [signed up] within 21 days , the first to register will obtain priority and a charge is not void against a person taking an interest in property which is made expressly subject to the charge .

The justification for this is probably that it provides the chargee with an additional incentive to ensure that his charge is registered .
the justification for this is probably that it provides the chargee with an additional incentive to ensure that his charge is [signed up] .

( ii ) Late registration Failure to register a charge within the 21-day period does not preclude its subsequent registration ; a charge can be registered outside the 21-day period at any time prior to the company 's liquidation or the appointment of an administrator without the need to obtain a court order .
( ii ) late registration failure to register a charge within the 21-day period does not preclude its subsequent registration ; a charge can be [signed up] outside the 21-day period at any time prior to the company 's liquidation or the appointment of an administrator without the need to obtain a court order .

First , there is the risk that a subsequent chargee will be registered first and thus gain priority .
first , there is the risk that a subsequent chargee will be [signed up] first and thus gain priority .

Secondly , if the company is insolvent when the charge is registered out of time , it is vulnerable to challenge by the administrator or the liquidator .
secondly , if the company is insolvent when the charge is [signed up] out of time , it is vulnerable to challenge by the administrator or the liquidator .

The court has no jurisdiction to order that a charge registered out of time has priority to a charge which has already been registered .
the court has no jurisdiction to order that a charge [signed up] out of time has priority to a charge which has already been [signed up] .

Where the registered particulars of a charge are not complete and accurate , the charge is void to the extent of the rights not disclosed as against an administrator , liquidator or a person who acquires for value an interest or right over the property subject to the charge .
where the [signed up] particulars of a charge are not complete and accurate , the charge is void to the extent of the rights not disclosed as against an administrator , liquidator or a person who acquires for value an interest or right over the property subject to the charge .

It can order the charge to be effective : ( i ) as against an administrator and liquidator , if it is satisfied that the inaccuracy did not prejudice any unsecured creditor or that no person became an unsecured creditor during the period when the registered particulars were defective and ( ii ) as against a person who acquires an interest , if that person was not misled by the unregistered particulars .
it can order the charge to be effective : ( i ) as against an administrator and liquidator , if it is satisfied that the inaccuracy did not prejudice any unsecured creditor or that no person became an unsecured creditor during the period when the [signed up] particulars were defective and ( ii ) as against a person who acquires an interest , if that person was not misled by the unregistered particulars .

This is because ( as we have seen ) registered particulars means the particulars delivered for registration and where these are accurate the chargee will not be prejudiced by any defects arising from transcribing the submitted particulars on to the register .
this is because ( as we have seen ) [signed up] particulars means the particulars delivered for registration and where these are accurate the chargee will not be prejudiced by any defects arising from transcribing the submitted particulars on to the register .

This certificate is of critical importance since the date of delivery of the particulars is determinative of whether the charge has been registered within 21 days after the date of its creation .
this certificate is of critical importance since the date of delivery of the particulars is determinative of whether the charge has been [signed up] within 21 days after the date of its creation .

In addition , the certificate enhances the liquidity of the security interest since an assignee of the interest will want to be assured that the charge has been validly registered .
in addition , the certificate enhances the liquidity of the security interest since an assignee of the interest will want to be assured that the charge has been validly [signed up] .

However , the certificate does not constitute , as it did under the pre-1989 position , conclusive evidence that the charge has been validly registered .
however , the certificate does not constitute , as it did under the pre-1989 position , conclusive evidence that the charge has been validly [signed up] .

The only consequences will be those relating to the effect of omissions and errors in the registered particulars .
the only consequences will be those relating to the effect of omissions and errors in the [signed up] particulars .

The notice merely records the name and registered number of the company , the nature of the document and the date of its receipt .
the notice merely records the name and [signed up] number of the company , the nature of the document and the date of its receipt .

The most common method of obtaining information about a company is by searching its file at Companies House in Cardiff or London ( or Edinburgh if the company is registered in Scotland ) .
the most common method of obtaining information about a company is by searching its file at companies house in cardiff or london ( or edinburgh if the company is [signed up] in scotland ) .

Hence a search of its file should enable reasonably up-to-date information to be obtained on such matters as : its constitution ( the memorandum and articles , as amended ) ; its officers ; the address of its registered offices ; its issued share capital ; charges on its property ; and , in most cases , its latest annual accounts .
hence a search of its file should enable reasonably up-to-date information to be obtained on such matters as : its constitution ( the memorandum and articles , as amended ) ; its officers ; the address of its [signed up] offices ; its issued share capital ; charges on its property ; and , in most cases , its latest annual accounts .

And a copy of any registered document , duly certified by the Registrar ‘ is in all legal proceedings admissible in evidence as of equal validity with the original document and as evidence of any fact stated therein of which oral evidence would be admissible .
and a copy of any [signed up] document , duly certified by the registrar ‘ is in all legal proceedings admissible in evidence as of equal validity with the original document and as evidence of any fact stated therein of which oral evidence would be admissible .

This includes the address of the company 's registered office and particulars of the directors and secretary .
this includes the address of the company 's [signed up] office and particulars of the directors and secretary .

The last two registers afford important information , not obtainable from Companies House , in relation to beneficial ownership and not just registered ownership , and are particularly valuable to a searcher who suspects that some major transaction , ( e.g .
the last two registers afford important information , not obtainable from companies house , in relation to beneficial ownership and not just [signed up] ownership , and are particularly valuable to a searcher who suspects that some major transaction , ( e.g .

Furthermore , the register of charges which the company is required to maintain may be more illuminating than that at Companies House since it must now contain entries of all charges on the company 's property whether or not they require to be registered at Companies House and copies of any instrument creating or evidencing a charge must also be kept .
furthermore , the register of charges which the company is required to maintain may be more illuminating than that at companies house since it must now contain entries of all charges on the company 's property whether or not they require to be [signed up] at companies house and copies of any instrument creating or evidencing a charge must also be kept .

Thus its name , number , the fact that its liability is limited ( if such be the case ) and the address of its registered office must be stated on all business letters or order forms .
thus its name , number , the fact that its liability is limited ( if such be the case ) and the address of its [signed up] office must be stated on all business letters or order forms .

She sensed that Bonard was aware of it ; although his smile did not waver , his eyes registered in quick succession a question , a realisation and a reassurance .
she sensed that bonard was aware of it ; although his smile did not waver , his eyes [signed up] in quick succession a question , a realisation and a reassurance .

‘ Indeed ? ’ His face registered delighted anticipation . ‘ Then , if you would also remain here for a few moments , Madame Ash , perhaps Madame Craig would be so kind as to come this way ? ’
‘ indeed ? ’ his face [signed up] delighted anticipation . ‘ then , if you would also remain here for a few moments , madame ash , perhaps madame craig would be so kind as to come this way ? ’

One example they give is that of Home Office statistics on drug addicts that show only those addicts that are registered .
one example they give is that of home office statistics on drug addicts that show only those addicts that are [signed up] .

Yet what about all those addicts that acquire drugs illegally and hence are not registered ?
yet what about all those addicts that acquire drugs illegally and hence are not [signed up] ?

This arises not only from potential changes of field ( where student preferences are not guaranteed — the contractual baseline is merely that students are enabled to complete the fields upon which they originally registered ) but more significantly from the changing pattern of extra-field choice .
this arises not only from potential changes of field ( where student preferences are not guaranteed — the contractual baseline is merely that students are enabled to complete the fields upon which they originally [signed up] ) but more significantly from the changing pattern of extra-field choice .

In each case students registered for the module in the current or a future term must be counselled about and registered for viable alternative programmes .
in each case students [signed up] for the module in the current or a future term must be counselled about and [signed up] for viable alternative programmes .

Due to the growth of the course , there is not now examination space in the Polytechnic to examine the total number of students registered for modules in each examination session .
due to the growth of the course , there is not now examination space in the polytechnic to examine the total number of students [signed up] for modules in each examination session .

Having registered his/her programme a student may request , at almost any point , a freshly printed record ( normally available within 24 hours ) .
having [signed up] his/her programme a student may request , at almost any point , a freshly printed record ( normally available within 24 hours ) .

An updated timetable is provided at the start of each term , showing the days , hours and rooms for each registered module .
an updated timetable is provided at the start of each term , showing the days , hours and rooms for each [signed up] module .

Class lists showing all students registered on the module , their set ( or timetabled group ) , their other modules , fields , personal tutor .
class lists showing all students [signed up] on the module , their set ( or timetabled group ) , their other modules , fields , personal tutor .

These are calculated from the number of students registered for each module together with its size , single or double , rather than from class hours .
these are calculated from the number of students [signed up] for each module together with its size , single or double , rather than from class hours .

As a result cooking skills were not registered as an unmet need .
as a result cooking skills were not [signed up] as an unmet need .

And this very social visibility to the popular in Paris was registered in the city 's characteristic aesthetic modernism .
and this very social visibility to the popular in paris was [signed up] in the city 's characteristic aesthetic modernism .

Rather than the buildings it was the lights and circulation in the new centre of Paris — on the Avenue de l'Opéra , the Boulevard Madeleine , the Boulevard des Capucines , the Rue Auber , the Boulevard des Italiens — which attracted the foreign visitor and was registered in the cityscapes of Monet and Renoir in the 1970s .
rather than the buildings it was the lights and circulation in the new centre of paris — on the avenue de l'opéra , the boulevard madeleine , the boulevard des capucines , the rue auber , the boulevard des italiens — which attracted the foreign visitor and was [signed up] in the cityscapes of monet and renoir in the 1970s .

Rain recovered herself but not before Shildon , the only person waiting for the lift , had registered the scene .
rain recovered herself but not before shildon , the only person waiting for the lift , had [signed up] the scene .

Then she registered that there was a message stuck on her typewriter too and curiosity propelled her towards it .
then she [signed up] that there was a message stuck on her typewriter too and curiosity propelled her towards it .

Curtis 's tiny eyes , ludicrously close together , registered mild surprise .
curtis 's tiny eyes , ludicrously close together , [signed up] mild surprise .

Instead of putting them in the Credit Card Centre 's outgoing mail — they were all addressed to ‘ problem ’ areas — Steve called in the Fraud Section who made sure they were sent registered mail in plain envelopes .
instead of putting them in the credit card centre 's outgoing mail — they were all addressed to ‘ problem ’ areas — steve called in the fraud section who made sure they were sent [signed up] mail in plain envelopes .

Blindcraft employs 85 registered blind or disabled people who were referred to the firm by disability employment advisors in local Jobcentres .
blindcraft employs 85 [signed up] blind or disabled people who were referred to the firm by disability employment advisors in local jobcentres .

All residential homes must be registered with Lothian Regional Council , and all nursing homes with Lothian Health Board .
all residential homes must be [signed up] with lothian regional council , and all nursing homes with lothian health board .

The Department will make residential placements only in residential or nursing homes registered with Lothian Regional Council Social Work Department , with Lothian Health Board , or with any other Local Authority or Health Board in Scotland , or a Local Authority or Health Authority in England and Wales ; within the parameters on assessment , cost and availability of places set out in the Government 's Statutory Direction on Choice of Residential Accommodation , the Department is in principle prepared to purchase a residential service in any such home .
the department will make residential placements only in residential or nursing homes [signed up] with lothian regional council social work department , with lothian health board , or with any other local authority or health board in scotland , or a local authority or health authority in england and wales ; within the parameters on assessment , cost and availability of places set out in the government 's statutory direction on choice of residential accommodation , the department is in principle prepared to purchase a residential service in any such home .

At least for the first year ( 1st April 1993–31st March 1994 ) , the vast majority of residential care places in voluntary and private sector residential and nursing homes , and registered supported accommodation , will be purchased on an individual place-by-place basis for each user .
at least for the first year ( 1st april 1993–31st march 1994 ) , the vast majority of residential care places in voluntary and private sector residential and nursing homes , and [signed up] supported accommodation , will be purchased on an individual place-by-place basis for each user .

Although the number of cars registered in Wales fell slightly during 1992 , there was little reason to think that in the long term we will not be faced by an unsustainable surge in the number of private vehicles using Welsh roads .
although the number of cars [signed up] in wales fell slightly during 1992 , there was little reason to think that in the long term we will not be faced by an unsustainable surge in the number of private vehicles using welsh roads .

McAlpine Quarry Products Ltd has appealed to David Hunt against the non-determination of their registered Interim Development Order , under the 1991 Planning and Compensation Act .
mcalpine quarry products ltd has appealed to david hunt against the non-determination of their [signed up] interim development order , under the 1991 planning and compensation act .

Most species have registered declines of around 50 per cent .
most species have [signed up] declines of around 50 per cent .

In order to gain a Record of Achievement a student must have successfully completed the assessment schedule(s) of the single area(s) of study for which he/she is registered .
in order to gain a record of achievement a student must have successfully completed the assessment schedule(s) of the single area(s) of study for which he/she is [signed up] .

In order to gain a Record of Achievement a student must have successfully completed the assessment schedule(s) including the examination(s) for the single area(s) of study for which he/she is registered .
in order to gain a record of achievement a student must have successfully completed the assessment schedule(s) including the examination(s) for the single area(s) of study for which he/she is [signed up] .

The credibility of the European Community scheme under which clean beaches are awarded a " blue flag " has been seriously undermined after it emerged that blue flags had been awarded to 11 beaches in Italy which the government had previously registered as too dirty for bathing .
the credibility of the european community scheme under which clean beaches are awarded a " blue flag " has been seriously undermined after it emerged that blue flags had been awarded to 11 beaches in italy which the government had previously [signed up] as too dirty for bathing .

The Registered Visiting Students enriched our experience by their contributions to College life and we were delighted to welcome back Emma Sky who went out to fly back with Mona Wahbe , from Gaza , who is sponsored by the Oxford Student Scholarship Fund and is famous for her sparkle and animated use of English .
the [signed up] visiting students enriched our experience by their contributions to college life and we were delighted to welcome back emma sky who went out to fly back with mona wahbe , from gaza , who is sponsored by the oxford student scholarship fund and is famous for her sparkle and animated use of english .

More than 11 percent of the workforce are currently registered as unemployed .
more than 11 percent of the workforce are currently [signed up] as unemployed .

Course members are registered at Brunel University which also confers the degree .
course members are [signed up] at brunel university which also confers the degree .

Currently there are more than 5,000 people registered for higher degrees through Henley .
currently there are more than 5,000 people [signed up] for higher degrees through henley .

An exempt market-maker is a person who is either registered as a market-maker with the London Stock Exchange , or is accepted by the Panel as a market-maker , in relation to the relevant securities .
an exempt market-maker is a person who is either [signed up] as a market-maker with the london stock exchange , or is accepted by the panel as a market-maker , in relation to the relevant securities .

In both cases the person must be registered by the Panel as exempt for the purposes of the Code .
in both cases the person must be [signed up] by the panel as exempt for the purposes of the code .

It is usual for the Stamp Office to be asked to confirm in advance that the scheme will not attract duty so that the court order may be registered , and thereby become effective , without delay .
it is usual for the stamp office to be asked to confirm in advance that the scheme will not attract duty so that the court order may be [signed up] , and thereby become effective , without delay .

Where either party is a company it is advisable to insert its registered office as its address as this is unlikely to alter regularly .
where either party is a company it is advisable to insert its [signed up] office as its address as this is unlikely to alter regularly .

1.18 " Restrictions " means all matters affecting the Site or the Premises or their use registered or capable of registration as local land charges and all notices charges orders resolutions demands proposals requirements regulations restrictions agreements directions or other matters affecting the Site the Premises or their use or affecting the Works served or made by any local or other competent authority or otherwise arising under any statute or any regulation or order made under any statute
1.18 " restrictions " means all matters affecting the site or the premises or their use [signed up] or capable of registration as local land charges and all notices charges orders resolutions demands proposals requirements regulations restrictions agreements directions or other matters affecting the site the premises or their use or affecting the works served or made by any local or other competent authority or otherwise arising under any statute or any regulation or order made under any statute

In the case of registered land the following additional words should be included at the end of clause 9.1 :
in the case of [signed up] land the following additional words should be included at the end of clause 9.1 :

13.2.1 may ( in addition to any other effective mode of service ) be sent by registered or recorded delivery post and
13.2.1 may ( in addition to any other effective mode of service ) be sent by [signed up] or recorded delivery post and

9.15.1 the final words of section 196(4) … " and that service … be delivered " shall be deleted and there shall be substituted " … and that service shall be deemed to be made on the [ third ] Working Day after the registered letter has been posted . " Working Days " means any day from Monday to Friday ( inclusive ) other than Christmas Day Good Friday and any statutory bank or public holiday
9.15.1 the final words of section 196(4) … " and that service … be delivered " shall be deleted and there shall be substituted " … and that service shall be deemed to be made on the [ third ] working day after the [signed up] letter has been posted . " working days " means any day from monday to friday ( inclusive ) other than christmas day good friday and any statutory bank or public holiday

Many large corporate tenants , however , prefer notices to be served at their registered office and not at individual units .
many large corporate tenants , however , prefer notices to be served at their [signed up] office and not at individual units .

2 . Registered and unregistered land compared
2 . [signed up] and unregistered land compared

The text clearly describes the detailed procedure relating to conveyancing , depending on whether the land is registered or unregistered .
the text clearly describes the detailed procedure relating to conveyancing , depending on whether the land is [signed up] or unregistered .

From the moment they arrive , it will become clear whether the land is registered or not .
from the moment they arrive , it will become clear whether the land is [signed up] or not .

Previously , an additional requirement of having land registered potentially caused problems where there was immediate or quick resale .
previously , an additional requirement of having land [signed up] potentially caused problems where there was immediate or quick resale .

The basic rule is that the title deeds — registered or unregistered — together with information from the client equals enough information to prepare a draft contract .
the basic rule is that the title deeds — [signed up] or unregistered — together with information from the client equals enough information to prepare a draft contract .

It is very necessary to ensure that you do not give financial advice unless your firm is appropriately registered under the Financial Services Act 1986 .
it is very necessary to ensure that you do not give financial advice unless your firm is appropriately [signed up] under the financial services act 1986 .

At this initial stage , it is important to undertake a local authority search , a commons registration search and a public index map search where the land is not registered .
at this initial stage , it is important to undertake a local authority search , a commons registration search and a public index map search where the land is not [signed up] .

If the title is registered , telephone or write to the mortgagee for the title number and bespeak copy entries and filed plan .
if the title is [signed up] , telephone or write to the mortgagee for the title number and bespeak copy entries and filed plan .

In the case of registered leasehold land the position is taken care of by s24 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the Land Registration Act 1925 , which implies a covenant by the transferee to perform and observe the covenants and conditions in the lease and to indemnify the transferor .
in the case of [signed up] leasehold land the position is taken care of by s24 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the land registration act 1925 , which implies a covenant by the transferee to perform and observe the covenants and conditions in the lease and to indemnify the transferor .

As noted above a plan is essential to the proper description of a property , and this is especially so in the case of leases the title to which is to be registered ( Chapter 12 ) , and indeed of leases of flats in general .
as noted above a plan is essential to the proper description of a property , and this is especially so in the case of leases the title to which is to be [signed up] ( chapter 12 ) , and indeed of leases of flats in general .

For registered leasehold titles
for [signed up] leasehold titles

Recent cases have extended the rights of a spouse ( in practice , almost always a wife ) under the Matrimonial Homes Act 1967 ( as amended ) to frustrate the sale of the matrimonial home by registering a land charge or a notice , according to whether the title is unregistered or registered .
recent cases have extended the rights of a spouse ( in practice , almost always a wife ) under the matrimonial homes act 1967 ( as amended ) to frustrate the sale of the matrimonial home by registering a land charge or a notice , according to whether the title is unregistered or [signed up] .

It follows , too ( although the subject-matter of the case was registered property ) , that the principles enunciated in the judgment apply to unregistered as well as to registered land .
it follows , too ( although the subject-matter of the case was [signed up] property ) , that the principles enunciated in the judgment apply to unregistered as well as to [signed up] land .

The only serious chink in the armour of the buyer is the `` overriding interest `` of registered land , which is described in Chapter 5 .
the only serious chink in the armour of the buyer is the `` overriding interest `` of [signed up] land , which is described in chapter 5 .

( a ) Contents of the Register Established under the Land Charges Act 1925 , this is of importance to every buyer , lessee and mortgagee of any property in England and Wales , because the matters registered are not referred to in either the Registers of registered land nor in the Central Land Charges Register .
( a ) contents of the register established under the land charges act 1925 , this is of importance to every buyer , lessee and mortgagee of any property in england and wales , because the matters [signed up] are not referred to in either the registers of [signed up] land nor in the central land charges register .

There is also a Register of Pending Actions affecting land or any interest in land kept by the Land Charges Registrar , but a buyer ( the term includes a lessee and mortgagee ) for value who does not have express notice of such an action will not be bound by it unless it is registered as a land charge .
there is also a register of pending actions affecting land or any interest in land kept by the land charges registrar , but a buyer ( the term includes a lessee and mortgagee ) for value who does not have express notice of such an action will not be bound by it unless it is [signed up] as a land charge .

Buyers are usually the people fearful of their contract being overreached who register an estate contract , but sometimes lessors will register , or require a lessee to register an option for renewal or for the purchase of the reversion contained in the lease , lest they be pursued under their covenant if , in the meantime , the reversion has been sold before an estate contract has been registered .
buyers are usually the people fearful of their contract being overreached who register an estate contract , but sometimes lessors will register , or require a lessee to register an option for renewal or for the purchase of the reversion contained in the lease , lest they be pursued under their covenant if , in the meantime , the reversion has been sold before an estate contract has been [signed up] .

Every buyer , prospective lessee and mortgagee of unregistered land should search before completion — no search is necessary in the case of registered land , whose Registers contain all the protective entries a purchaser needs ( except overriding interests — p73 below ) .
every buyer , prospective lessee and mortgagee of unregistered land should search before completion — no search is necessary in the case of [signed up] land , whose registers contain all the protective entries a purchaser needs ( except overriding interests — p73 below ) .

There is one exception to this rule of not searching the unregistered Land Charges Register in the case of registered land : prospective mortgagors who are buying a registered property have , as yet ( until they complete their purchase ) , no title to the registered land ; and therefore a bankruptcy or a receiving order made against them would not be disclosed by a title search .
there is one exception to this rule of not searching the unregistered land charges register in the case of [signed up] land : prospective mortgagors who are buying a [signed up] property have , as yet ( until they complete their purchase ) , no title to the [signed up] land ; and therefore a bankruptcy or a receiving order made against them would not be disclosed by a title search .

4 . Registered land-application for official searches
4 . [signed up] land-application for official searches

( a ) What the Registers contain The three registers that make up the Entries on the Register — the Property Register , the Proprietorship Register and the Charges Register — contain the whole title of the registered proprietor including entries protective of the rights and interests of third parties by registration of notices , cautions , inhibitions and restrictions .
( a ) what the registers contain the three registers that make up the entries on the register — the property register , the proprietorship register and the charges register — contain the whole title of the [signed up] proprietor including entries protective of the rights and interests of third parties by registration of notices , cautions , inhibitions and restrictions .

They are the counterpart in registered land conveyancing of the protection afforded third parties in unregistered conveyancing by the Central Land Charges Register .
they are the counterpart in [signed up] land conveyancing of the protection afforded third parties in unregistered conveyancing by the central land charges register .

Restrictions are a warning that there is some restriction on the powers of dealing with a registered property by the registered proprietor ; eg by a tenant for life .
restrictions are a warning that there is some restriction on the powers of dealing with a [signed up] property by the [signed up] proprietor ; eg by a tenant for life .

Entry of a Notice or a Restriction can ( and more commonly does ) procure a restraint on the uninhibited exercise of the powers of a registered proprietor .
entry of a notice or a restriction can ( and more commonly does ) procure a restraint on the uninhibited exercise of the powers of a [signed up] proprietor .

As well as the warnings and restraints of Notices , etc , registered land is always subject to the interests known collectively as `` overriding interests `` — see p73 below .
as well as the warnings and restraints of notices , etc , [signed up] land is always subject to the interests known collectively as `` overriding interests `` — see p73 below .

Every buyer , lessee , mortgagee of registered land should search shortly before completion .
every buyer , lessee , mortgagee of [signed up] land should search shortly before completion .

All mortgages by companies of registered land must be registered both at the Companies ' Registry and the Land Registry .
all mortgages by companies of [signed up] land must be [signed up] both at the companies ' registry and the land registry .

Larger firms may have direct computer links enabling an instant registered office search .
larger firms may have direct computer links enabling an instant [signed up] office search .

Registered title
[signed up] title

The term `` registered land `` is itself a misnomer , although we all use it , from law draftsmen downwards : what is registered , of course , is not land but the estates , interests and obligations of individuals in land .
the term `` [signed up] land `` is itself a misnomer , although we all use it , from law draftsmen downwards : what is [signed up] , of course , is not land but the estates , interests and obligations of individuals in land .

Registered land conveyancing is delightfully simple , both as to deducing and investigation of title , and official forms are obtainable that , with minor adaptation , will serve in all but a few cases .
[signed up] land conveyancing is delightfully simple , both as to deducing and investigation of title , and official forms are obtainable that , with minor adaptation , will serve in all but a few cases .

If the lessor 's title is already registered as absolute , this is a simple matter — but remember to have in the contract for sale or your requisitions on title , a special condition that before or immediately after completion the lessor will lodge or cause to be lodged in the Registry the land or charge certificate of his title , and will furnish the buyer with the deposit reference .
if the lessor 's title is already [signed up] as absolute , this is a simple matter — but remember to have in the contract for sale or your requisitions on title , a special condition that before or immediately after completion the lessor will lodge or cause to be lodged in the registry the land or charge certificate of his title , and will furnish the buyer with the deposit reference .

If , however , the lessor 's title is itself only registered as good leasehold ( if , for example , the lessor is granting an underlease out of an older leasehold title ) you may not be able to obtain a better title than good leasehold for the underlease ; a position that a mortgagee will normally accept if there 's no alternative .
if , however , the lessor 's title is itself only [signed up] as good leasehold ( if , for example , the lessor is granting an underlease out of an older leasehold title ) you may not be able to obtain a better title than good leasehold for the underlease ; a position that a mortgagee will normally accept if there 's no alternative .

See also `` First Registration with Absolute Leasehold Title `` , Registered Land Practice Notes , p1 .
see also `` first registration with absolute leasehold title `` , [signed up] land practice notes , p1 .

Sometimes a freehold title may be registered as `` qualified `` or possessory ( eg a record of squatters rights only ) .
sometimes a freehold title may be [signed up] as `` qualified `` or possessory ( eg a record of squatters rights only ) .

Remember , if the buyer is borrowing on the security of a mortgage of the registered property , that the buyer is not yet the registered proprietor , and accordingly a land charges search in bankruptcy on the appropriate land charges form should be made against the buyer on behalf of his or her mortgagee in the unregistered Land Charges Register .
remember , if the buyer is borrowing on the security of a mortgage of the [signed up] property , that the buyer is not yet the [signed up] proprietor , and accordingly a land charges search in bankruptcy on the appropriate land charges form should be made against the buyer on behalf of his or her mortgagee in the unregistered land charges register .

This is a map maintained by the Registry , based on the Ordnance Survey map , which shows every registered property and all land subject to cautions against first registration .
this is a map maintained by the registry , based on the ordnance survey map , which shows every [signed up] property and all land subject to cautions against first registration .

It is open to public inspection ; as described above an official certificate may be obtained by application on Form 96 to confirm the land you are buying is not already registered ; and to confirm there 's no caution or priority notice against first registration registered against it .
it is open to public inspection ; as described above an official certificate may be obtained by application on form 96 to confirm the land you are buying is not already [signed up] ; and to confirm there 's no caution or priority notice against first registration [signed up] against it .

If the title 's already registered , then as either seller or buyer you begin to reap the benefits of the system .
if the title 's already [signed up] , then as either seller or buyer you begin to reap the benefits of the system .

Acting for a buyer in such a case , your investigation is normally limited to perusing the copy entries , and the registered lease in the case of a leasehold title , and you will probably have done this before exchange of contracts .
acting for a buyer in such a case , your investigation is normally limited to perusing the copy entries , and the [signed up] lease in the case of a leasehold title , and you will probably have done this before exchange of contracts .

Any mortgages affecting the seller 's title will be revealed by the Charges Register , and will give rise to some such requisition as this : The registered charge ( entries nos on the Charges Register ) must be discharged on or before completion — or if the mortgagee is a building society , add : or the usual undertaking in that behalf handed over on completion .
any mortgages affecting the seller 's title will be revealed by the charges register , and will give rise to some such requisition as this : the [signed up] charge ( entries nos on the charges register ) must be discharged on or before completion — or if the mortgagee is a building society , add : or the usual undertaking in that behalf handed over on completion .

Acting for a seller on the development of an estate , large or small , registered title has great advantages , particularly in respect of plans .
acting for a seller on the development of an estate , large or small , [signed up] title has great advantages , particularly in respect of plans .

— is also included in land registry covers for dealings with whole or part of a registered property .
— is also included in land registry covers for dealings with whole or part of a [signed up] property .

Overriding interests are the Achilles ' heel of registered land conveyancing , whose `` principal object … is to confer certainty `` ( Ruoff & Roper , The Law and Practice of Registered Conveyancing , ( 4th ed ) Sweet & Maxwell , p43 ) .
overriding interests are the achilles ' heel of [signed up] land conveyancing , whose `` principal object … is to confer certainty `` ( ruoff & roper , the law and practice of [signed up] conveyancing , ( 4th ed ) sweet & maxwell , p43 ) .

By the Land Registration Act 1925 ( s70 ( 1 ) ) : All registered land shall … be deemed to be subject to such of the following overriding interests as may be for the time being subsisting in reference thereto .
by the land registration act 1925 ( s70 ( 1 ) ) : all [signed up] land shall … be deemed to be subject to such of the following overriding interests as may be for the time being subsisting in reference thereto .

Notices may be entered on the Register of Title to protect a wide variety of interests — for example , an estate contract , a grant of easements over registered land , a lease or agreement for a lease which is not an overriding interest , and many other matters that it is desired shall come to the notice of all persons dealing with the land .
notices may be entered on the register of title to protect a wide variety of interests — for example , an estate contract , a grant of easements over [signed up] land , a lease or agreement for a lease which is not an overriding interest , and many other matters that it is desired shall come to the notice of all persons dealing with the land .

The application to register is by letter ( no prescribed form for the purpose ) and must be accompanied by the document creating the interest and a certified copy or examined abstract thereof ; the land certificate must also be produced , or if there is a registered charge the charge certificate if the chargee is to be bound .
the application to register is by letter ( no prescribed form for the purpose ) and must be accompanied by the document creating the interest and a certified copy or examined abstract thereof ; the land certificate must also be produced , or if there is a [signed up] charge the charge certificate if the chargee is to be bound .

Bankruptcy of a registered proprietor , and the interests of creditors , are protected by a Bankruptcy inhibition and a creditors ' notice respectively .
bankruptcy of a [signed up] proprietor , and the interests of creditors , are protected by a bankruptcy inhibition and a creditors ' notice respectively .

The registration of a notice is a friendly proceeding carried out , in general , with the co-operation of the registered proprietor .
the registration of a notice is a friendly proceeding carried out , in general , with the co-operation of the [signed up] proprietor .

The effect of registering a caution against dealings is that no dealing will be registered without the cautioner 's consent until the expiration of a `` warning off `` notice ( 14 working days ) served on the cautioner by the Chief Land Registrar .
the effect of registering a caution against dealings is that no dealing will be [signed up] without the cautioner 's consent until the expiration of a `` warning off `` notice ( 14 working days ) served on the cautioner by the chief land registrar .

Last amongst these devices for the protection of interests in registered land , is the restriction on the powers of registered proprietors to deal with their land ; for example , that partnership property shall not be disposed of after the death of one of the partners without the consent of his or her personal representatives ; or that no disposition is to be registered without the consent of the proprietor of a registered charge ( this last one a not uncommon precaution of building societies ) .
last amongst these devices for the protection of interests in [signed up] land , is the restriction on the powers of [signed up] proprietors to deal with their land ; for example , that partnership property shall not be disposed of after the death of one of the partners without the consent of his or her personal representatives ; or that no disposition is to be [signed up] without the consent of the proprietor of a [signed up] charge ( this last one a not uncommon precaution of building societies ) .

Minor interests are interests in land that ca n't be entered on a registered title , but which are not overriding interests such as have just been described , for they can be overridden by the registered proprietor in any disposition for value .
minor interests are interests in land that ca n't be entered on a [signed up] title , but which are not overriding interests such as have just been described , for they can be overridden by the [signed up] proprietor in any disposition for value .

They are defined by the Land Registration Act 1925 , s3 ( b ) as : The interests not capable of being disposed of or created by registered dispositions and capable of being overridden ( whether or not a purchaser has notice thereof ) by the proprietor unless protected as provided by the Act .
they are defined by the land registration act 1925 , s3 ( b ) as : the interests not capable of being disposed of or created by [signed up] dispositions and capable of being overridden ( whether or not a purchaser has notice thereof ) by the proprietor unless protected as provided by the act .

They also include the rights of beneficiaries when any fiduciary owner is the registered proprietor ; the rights and interest of a buyer who has asked for registration of title in the name of a nominee ; and the right of a buyer whose contract has not been registered on the seller 's title .
they also include the rights of beneficiaries when any fiduciary owner is the [signed up] proprietor ; the rights and interest of a buyer who has asked for registration of title in the name of a nominee ; and the right of a buyer whose contract has not been [signed up] on the seller 's title .

If a seller 's unregistered title on a purchase is subsequently registered , the seller 's conveyancer , on a sale , should peruse the original conveyance to the seller ( returned with the land or charge certificate ) for positive covenants .
if a seller 's unregistered title on a purchase is subsequently [signed up] , the seller 's conveyancer , on a sale , should peruse the original conveyance to the seller ( returned with the land or charge certificate ) for positive covenants .

In the case of positive covenants contained in transfers of registered property , it 's the practice of the Registry to bind up in the land or charge certificate , particulars of such covenants , because the transfer containing them is retained in the Registry , and so the registered proprietor 's solicitor could otherwise easily overlook them .
in the case of positive covenants contained in transfers of [signed up] property , it 's the practice of the registry to bind up in the land or charge certificate , particulars of such covenants , because the transfer containing them is retained in the registry , and so the [signed up] proprietor 's solicitor could otherwise easily overlook them .

Specimen covenant : The Transferee hereby covenants with the Transferor by way of indemnity only that [ so long as he the Transferee is the registered proprietor of the property hereby transferred ] he will observe and perform the [ positive ] covenants contained or referred to in Entry No 1 of the charges register of the said Title .
specimen covenant : the transferee hereby covenants with the transferor by way of indemnity only that [ so long as he the transferee is the [signed up] proprietor of the property hereby transferred ] he will observe and perform the [ positive ] covenants contained or referred to in entry no 1 of the charges register of the said title .

Merger can be applied for when the freehold and leasehold estates become vested in the same person , whether or not both titles are registered .
merger can be applied for when the freehold and leasehold estates become vested in the same person , whether or not both titles are [signed up] .

Application can also be made when the freehold title is registered but not the leasehold , when the leasehold is registered but not the freehold , and when the leasehold is either registered or unregistered and application is being made for first registration of the freehold title .
application can also be made when the freehold title is [signed up] but not the leasehold , when the leasehold is [signed up] but not the freehold , and when the leasehold is either [signed up] or unregistered and application is being made for first registration of the freehold title .

If the title is registered it still is n't essential to register the devolution , because personal representatives can deal with a registered title without themselves being first registered as proprietors ; but if the property is not to be disposed of forthwith , either on sale or by a vesting assent , it 's desirable to register the devolution to the personal representatives as soon as practicable .
if the title is [signed up] it still is n't essential to register the devolution , because personal representatives can deal with a [signed up] title without themselves being first [signed up] as proprietors ; but if the property is not to be disposed of forthwith , either on sale or by a vesting assent , it 's desirable to register the devolution to the personal representatives as soon as practicable .

When personal representatives sell without first effecting registration of their title , proof thereof and of the death of the registered proprietor must of course be lodged : a copy of the grant of probate or letters of administration certified as a true copy by the seller 's conveyancers ( when acting for a buyer you should make this requirement the subject of one of your requisitions on title ) is sufficient evidence .
when personal representatives sell without first effecting registration of their title , proof thereof and of the death of the [signed up] proprietor must of course be lodged : a copy of the grant of probate or letters of administration certified as a true copy by the seller 's conveyancers ( when acting for a buyer you should make this requirement the subject of one of your requisitions on title ) is sufficient evidence .

Expedition is useful in the case of property being resold very shortly after the unregistered title has been purchased , when it 's desired to give the new purchaser a registered title and completion is to take place before the title would normally be registered .
expedition is useful in the case of property being resold very shortly after the unregistered title has been purchased , when it 's desired to give the new purchaser a [signed up] title and completion is to take place before the title would normally be [signed up] .

Indeed , it was usual practice where the land was already registered , and buyers ' conveyancers would call for proof of title at the outset of a new conveyancing transaction .
indeed , it was usual practice where the land was already [signed up] , and buyers ' conveyancers would call for proof of title at the outset of a new conveyancing transaction .

If land is already registered , and the seller 's conveyancers have supplied office copy entries on the Register , the details of the title can be rapidly assimilated by the experienced conveyancer , and if there are any errors or omissions , these can be quickly spotted .
if land is already [signed up] , and the seller 's conveyancers have supplied office copy entries on the register , the details of the title can be rapidly assimilated by the experienced conveyancer , and if there are any errors or omissions , these can be quickly spotted .

The most simple and straightforward situation is where land is already registered , and in nine times out of ten , a simple pro forma transfer deed can be used to effect the transfer of the interest , whether it be freehold or leasehold .
the most simple and straightforward situation is where land is already [signed up] , and in nine times out of ten , a simple pro forma transfer deed can be used to effect the transfer of the interest , whether it be freehold or leasehold .

Clearly , you will not be able to insert the details of the title , but the address of the property , the date , the consideration , the parties and any special provisions as mentioned above can be included in exactly the same way as if the land were registered .
clearly , you will not be able to insert the details of the title , but the address of the property , the date , the consideration , the parties and any special provisions as mentioned above can be included in exactly the same way as if the land were [signed up] .

( b ) Registered title Clearly , upon the completion of the purchase of a registered title , the main task is to collect the charge or land certificate of the seller , together with a signed transfer deed .
( b ) [signed up] title clearly , upon the completion of the purchase of a [signed up] title , the main task is to collect the charge or land certificate of the seller , together with a signed transfer deed .

Recently a number of societies have adopted the practice of sending their solicitor a sealed Form 53 , in the case of registered property , in anticipation of redemption , in which case no undertaking is required , the form being handed over on completion .
recently a number of societies have adopted the practice of sending their solicitor a sealed form 53 , in the case of [signed up] property , in anticipation of redemption , in which case no undertaking is required , the form being handed over on completion .

In the case of a registered title , a charge may have been secured by the less formal method of giving notice to the Land Registry of `` Notice of Deposit `` ( or `` Intended Deposit `` ) of the land certificate , and in such a case the appropriate document is the `` Withdrawal of Notice `` , which is endorsed on the back of the official receipt of notice of deposit .
in the case of a [signed up] title , a charge may have been secured by the less formal method of giving notice to the land registry of `` notice of deposit `` ( or `` intended deposit `` ) of the land certificate , and in such a case the appropriate document is the `` withdrawal of notice `` , which is endorsed on the back of the official receipt of notice of deposit .

Remember to search in the Land Charges Department against the borrower , whether or not the title is registered , for possible bankruptcy , and also , for the same purpose , against any guarantor of the loan : a bankrupt surety would n't be much help to anyone .
remember to search in the land charges department against the borrower , whether or not the title is [signed up] , for possible bankruptcy , and also , for the same purpose , against any guarantor of the loan : a bankrupt surety would n't be much help to anyone .

Note that when you are acting for a seller of registered land ( unlike unregistered ) , the plan attached to the transfer must be signed by the seller alone , and not by the seller 's agent — not even by the seller 's conveyancer as you can for a buyer .
note that when you are acting for a seller of [signed up] land ( unlike unregistered ) , the plan attached to the transfer must be signed by the seller alone , and not by the seller 's agent — not even by the seller 's conveyancer as you can for a buyer .

In a simple case of the sale of registered land ( such as transfer of whole ) it 's common now to assume that your draft will be acceptable without alteration , and therefore to type the top copy on an engrossment print , and to invite the buyer to use this as the engrossment .
in a simple case of the sale of [signed up] land ( such as transfer of whole ) it 's common now to assume that your draft will be acceptable without alteration , and therefore to type the top copy on an engrossment print , and to invite the buyer to use this as the engrossment .

In due course the original will be registered , and after that the entries on the Register will replace it .
in due course the original will be [signed up] , and after that the entries on the register will replace it .

( b ) Registered land You will be expected to collect the land or charge certificate together with the duly signed transfer .
( b ) [signed up] land you will be expected to collect the land or charge certificate together with the duly signed transfer .

Both the transfer and the original share certificate should be handed over on completion , and subsequently registered with the secretary of the company .
both the transfer and the original share certificate should be handed over on completion , and subsequently [signed up] with the secretary of the company .

In the case of a transfer of registered land the plan is rarely drawn on it and must be signed by the buyer or by the buyer 's conveyancer .
in the case of a transfer of [signed up] land the plan is rarely drawn on it and must be signed by the buyer or by the buyer 's conveyancer .

With a registered title , this is normally the only final search you make except when you act for a mortgagee : then a bankruptcy search must be made against the borrower because your title search will not , of course , reveal anything about him or her .
with a [signed up] title , this is normally the only final search you make except when you act for a mortgagee : then a bankruptcy search must be made against the borrower because your title search will not , of course , reveal anything about him or her .

In the case of a registered title there 's one occasion , as mentioned above , when you make a land charges search , and that 's when you act for a mortgagee .
in the case of a [signed up] title there 's one occasion , as mentioned above , when you make a land charges search , and that 's when you act for a mortgagee .

The reason : before that date registration on a company 's file of such a mortgage had effect as if registered as a land charge , thus giving notice to the world .
the reason : before that date registration on a company 's file of such a mortgage had effect as if [signed up] as a land charge , thus giving notice to the world .

Since 1 January 1970 a puisne mortgage must be registered as a land charge under the Law of Property Act 1969 , s26 .
since 1 january 1970 a puisne mortgage must be [signed up] as a land charge under the law of property act 1969 , s26 .

Dear Sirs , re Ltd Property : We act for the buyer of the above property , and we should be grateful if you would search the register of the above company to ascertain whether any charges or incumbrances or the appointment of a receiver or other matter adverse to the company 's title prior to 1 January 1970 are registered against the said property .
dear sirs , re ltd property : we act for the buyer of the above property , and we should be grateful if you would search the register of the above company to ascertain whether any charges or incumbrances or the appointment of a receiver or other matter adverse to the company 's title prior to 1 january 1970 are [signed up] against the said property .

( 4 ) The Bills of Sale Act 1878 will apply to genuine sale transactions so that a sale of goods evidenced in writing , by virtue of which the seller remains in possession , is void against execution creditors and trustees in bankruptcy unless it is registered in compliance with the Act ( Bills of Sale Act 1878 s8 ) .
( 4 ) the bills of sale act 1878 will apply to genuine sale transactions so that a sale of goods evidenced in writing , by virtue of which the seller remains in possession , is void against execution creditors and trustees in bankruptcy unless it is [signed up] in compliance with the act ( bills of sale act 1878 s8 ) .

The customer must be notified or warned of the following where applicable : ( a ) That collateral will not be registered in his name ; ( b ) That that part of the proceeds of sale of his collateral that exceeds the amount owed by the customer to the firm will be subject , on the firm 's default , to the pooling rules under the client money regulations .
the customer must be notified or warned of the following where applicable : ( a ) that collateral will not be [signed up] in his name ; ( b ) that that part of the proceeds of sale of his collateral that exceeds the amount owed by the customer to the firm will be subject , on the firm 's default , to the pooling rules under the client money regulations .

The treatment must be by , or under the direction of , a registered medical practitioner who may be specified in the order .
the treatment must be by , or under the direction of , a [signed up] medical practitioner who may be specified in the order .

If an overseas company invests in shares and the structure is caught by s739 then the entire dividend comprises the income for the purposes of s739 and it is not possible to deduct in computing the chargeable income revenue expenses such as investment advisory fees , management fees , safe keeping charges , security handling fees and bank charges and registered and executive office fees .
if an overseas company invests in shares and the structure is caught by s739 then the entire dividend comprises the income for the purposes of s739 and it is not possible to deduct in computing the chargeable income revenue expenses such as investment advisory fees , management fees , safe keeping charges , security handling fees and bank charges and [signed up] and executive office fees .

Most industry regulators would regard it as fundamental that a member may be called to account for the conduct of its registered traders .
most industry regulators would regard it as fundamental that a member may be called to account for the conduct of its [signed up] traders .

The pathogenesis , diagnosis , treatment and control measures are as for the other ruminants , but care must be taken in choosing the anthelmintic since many of those recommended for sheep and cattle are not registered for use in goats .
the pathogenesis , diagnosis , treatment and control measures are as for the other ruminants , but care must be taken in choosing the anthelmintic since many of those recommended for sheep and cattle are not [signed up] for use in goats .

Quite wealthy , Sarella registered with an inward smile .
quite wealthy , sarella [signed up] with an inward smile .

He was standing right behind her , so close , she registered , that she was aware of the subtle body-scent of him , sandalwood , leather .
he was standing right behind her , so close , she [signed up] , that she was aware of the subtle body-scent of him , sandalwood , leather .

He was in total control of his responses , just as he must have been , she registered , when he drove all those winning cars to victory — until the last one , of course .
he was in total control of his responses , just as he must have been , she [signed up] , when he drove all those winning cars to victory — until the last one , of course .

It 's true — Peter can be infuriating , she registered .
it 's true — peter can be infuriating , she [signed up] .

Nothing could get out — or in , she registered with a flicker of hope .
nothing could get out — or in , she [signed up] with a flicker of hope .

Then he had simply skied off like a maniac — anger , she registered .
then he had simply skied off like a maniac — anger , she [signed up] .

Her face must have registered dismay at having to tell Peter what had happened , for he gave a narrow smile .
her face must have [signed up] dismay at having to tell peter what had happened , for he gave a narrow smile .

He was asking her if she was with anyone , she registered .
he was asking her if she was with anyone , she [signed up] .

The terms of the mortgage may in any event require that the mortgagee be joined as a party to any document affecting the property subject to the charge in its favour , and in registered conveyancing there may be a restriction to this effect on the proprietorship register .
the terms of the mortgage may in any event require that the mortgagee be joined as a party to any document affecting the property subject to the charge in its favour , and in [signed up] conveyancing there may be a restriction to this effect on the proprietorship register .

As far as registered title is concerned , the land certificate need not be produced ( Land Registration Act 1925 , s64 ( 5 ) added by Matrimonial Homes and Property Act 1981 , s4 ( 1 ) ) .
as far as [signed up] title is concerned , the land certificate need not be produced ( land registration act 1925 , s64 ( 5 ) added by matrimonial homes and property act 1981 , s4 ( 1 ) ) .

Section 130 of the Companies Act 1989 contains corresponding provisions relating to the sealing of deeds by companies registered under the Companies Acts .
section 130 of the companies act 1989 contains corresponding provisions relating to the sealing of deeds by companies [signed up] under the companies acts .

It is considered more satisfactory to adhere to the conventional conveyancing procedure so that the husband 's solicitors will submit an epitome of title to the wife 's solicitors or ( in the case of registered land ) office copy entries of the registered title .
it is considered more satisfactory to adhere to the conventional conveyancing procedure so that the husband 's solicitors will submit an epitome of title to the wife 's solicitors or ( in the case of [signed up] land ) office copy entries of the [signed up] title .

Obtaining office copy entries ( as opposed to furnishing merely a copy of the registered title ) is advisable as it reveals at an early stage whether or not there is a second charge which may not have been disclosed to the husband 's solicitors .
obtaining office copy entries ( as opposed to furnishing merely a copy of the [signed up] title ) is advisable as it reveals at an early stage whether or not there is a second charge which may not have been disclosed to the husband 's solicitors .

In the case of a matrimonial home which does not have registered title , it would seem to be accepted practice to assume that the title was properly investigated at the time of the husband 's purchase , so that all the husband 's solicitors need to abstract to the wife 's solicitors is the conveyance to the husband , any mortgage , any " sales-off " ( or other transactions affecting the title ) , and details of the covenants affecting the property .
in the case of a matrimonial home which does not have [signed up] title , it would seem to be accepted practice to assume that the title was properly investigated at the time of the husband 's purchase , so that all the husband 's solicitors need to abstract to the wife 's solicitors is the conveyance to the husband , any mortgage , any " sales-off " ( or other transactions affecting the title ) , and details of the covenants affecting the property .

In respect of registered leaseholds s24 of the Land Registration Act 1925 implies on a transfer similar covenants to those in unregistered conveyancing , namely that the transferor has paid the rent and observed and performed the covenants of the lease and that the transferee will pay future rent , observe and perform the leasehold covenants and keep the transferor indemnified in respect thereof .
in respect of [signed up] leaseholds s24 of the land registration act 1925 implies on a transfer similar covenants to those in unregistered conveyancing , namely that the transferor has paid the rent and observed and performed the covenants of the lease and that the transferee will pay future rent , observe and perform the leasehold covenants and keep the transferor indemnified in respect thereof .

If the title to the matrimonial home is registered , then a consent to the transfer will be required from the mortgagee if a restriction to this effect has been entered on the register .
if the title to the matrimonial home is [signed up] , then a consent to the transfer will be required from the mortgagee if a restriction to this effect has been entered on the register .

As far as registered land is concerned r110 of the Land Registration Rules 1925 covers the position : On a transfer of land subject to a charge or other incumbrance appearing on the register … covenants by either party to pay the money owing and to indemnify the other party may be added to the instrument of transfer and may be noted on the register .
as far as [signed up] land is concerned r110 of the land registration rules 1925 covers the position : on a transfer of land subject to a charge or other incumbrance appearing on the register … covenants by either party to pay the money owing and to indemnify the other party may be added to the instrument of transfer and may be noted on the register .

It is not necessary for the building society to be joined as a party to a registered land transfer where it is only receiving the benefit of a covenant to observe and perform the terms of the mortgage by the wife ( and not releasing the husband ) because it can enforce the covenant without being a party ( Chelsea and Walham Green Building Society v Armstrong [ 1951 ] Ch 853 ) .
it is not necessary for the building society to be joined as a party to a [signed up] land transfer where it is only receiving the benefit of a covenant to observe and perform the terms of the mortgage by the wife ( and not releasing the husband ) because it can enforce the covenant without being a party ( chelsea and walham green building society v armstrong [ 1951 ] ch 853 ) .

Where in registered land a new covenant is given by the wife to the building society a certified copy of the transfer containing the covenant should be lodged with the deeds so that the building society has a proper record there of the wife 's liability , the transfer incorporating the covenant itself being retained at the Land Registry .
where in [signed up] land a new covenant is given by the wife to the building society a certified copy of the transfer containing the covenant should be lodged with the deeds so that the building society has a proper record there of the wife 's liability , the transfer incorporating the covenant itself being retained at the land registry .

The procedure for severance differs depending upon whether title to the matrimonial home is registered or not .
the procedure for severance differs depending upon whether title to the matrimonial home is [signed up] or not .

If in fact a charge is already registered then as the land certificate is already notionally deposited at the registry no difficulty would appear to occur and registration can take place .
if in fact a charge is already [signed up] then as the land certificate is already notionally deposited at the registry no difficulty would appear to occur and registration can take place .

Where no charge is registered , the registrar , if otherwise prepared to accept the application , may well be prepared to register the restriction without the land certificate provided he is satisfied that severance has taken place ( see Ruoff and Roper , Registered Conveyancing , Looseleaf edn , Sweet and Maxwell , 1991 , 39.21 ) .
where no charge is [signed up] , the registrar , if otherwise prepared to accept the application , may well be prepared to register the restriction without the land certificate provided he is satisfied that severance has taken place ( see ruoff and roper , [signed up] conveyancing , looseleaf edn , sweet and maxwell , 1991 , 39.21 ) .

In the case of registered land , sufficient particulars of the title or office copy entries of the registered title can be supplied to enable the wife 's solicitors to draw a transfer .
in the case of [signed up] land , sufficient particulars of the title or office copy entries of the [signed up] title can be supplied to enable the wife 's solicitors to draw a transfer .

( b ) Registered land The rule of keeping the equities off the title is strictly enforced in registered conveyancing .
( b ) [signed up] land the rule of keeping the equities off the title is strictly enforced in [signed up] conveyancing .

Section 74 of the Land Registration Act 1925 , provides that no person dealing with a registered estate or charge is to be affected with notice of a trust .
section 74 of the land registration act 1925 , provides that no person dealing with a [signed up] estate or charge is to be affected with notice of a trust .

Thus , since neither the registry nor persons dealing with the registered estate can have notice of any trust a release by one joint tenant to another is inappropriate ( in contrast to unregistered conveyancing ) to transfer the registered estate , and a transfer from the husband and the wife to the wife alone is the appropriate document .
thus , since neither the registry nor persons dealing with the [signed up] estate can have notice of any trust a release by one joint tenant to another is inappropriate ( in contrast to unregistered conveyancing ) to transfer the [signed up] estate , and a transfer from the husband and the wife to the wife alone is the appropriate document .

It will be recalled ( see Chapter 3 , p35 ) that in the case of registered land , application under r110 of the Land Registration Rules 1925 should be made to note this indemnity on the Register .
it will be recalled ( see chapter 3 , p35 ) that in the case of [signed up] land , application under r110 of the land registration rules 1925 should be made to note this indemnity on the register .

In the case of registered title , office copy entries of the registered title can be supplied to enable the wife 's and new husband 's solicitors to draw the relevant transfer .
in the case of [signed up] title , office copy entries of the [signed up] title can be supplied to enable the wife 's and new husband 's solicitors to draw the relevant transfer .

Where in registered land a new covenant is given by the new husband to the mortgagee , the mortgagee may require a certified copy of the transfer containing the covenant to be lodged with the deeds so that it has a proper record of the liability of the new husband , the transfer incorporating the covenant itself being at the Land Registry .
where in [signed up] land a new covenant is given by the new husband to the mortgagee , the mortgagee may require a certified copy of the transfer containing the covenant to be lodged with the deeds so that it has a proper record of the liability of the new husband , the transfer incorporating the covenant itself being at the land registry .

( See also Ruoff and Roper , Registered Conveyancing , Looseleaf edn , 1991 , 11 – 07 . )
( see also ruoff and roper , [signed up] conveyancing , looseleaf edn , 1991 , 11 – 07 . )

In the case of registered land , sufficient particulars of title or office copy entries of the same should be supplied to the wife 's solicitors .
in the case of [signed up] land , sufficient particulars of title or office copy entries of the same should be supplied to the wife 's solicitors .

( b ) Registered land Any reference to a trust will be excluded from the register ( Land Registration Act 1925 , s74 ) .
( b ) [signed up] land any reference to a trust will be excluded from the register ( land registration act 1925 , s74 ) .

The legal title should be protected by the machinery provided by the Land Registration Acts , whilst the trusts should be contained in a separate declaration of trust made by the registered proprietors .
the legal title should be protected by the machinery provided by the land registration acts , whilst the trusts should be contained in a separate declaration of trust made by the [signed up] proprietors .

It is , therefore , suggested that application be made to the registrar to enter a restriction under which no disposition is to be registered after the death of one of the proprietors without the consent of the personal representatives of the deceased proprietor ( see Precedent 47 ) .
it is , therefore , suggested that application be made to the registrar to enter a restriction under which no disposition is to be [signed up] after the death of one of the proprietors without the consent of the personal representatives of the deceased proprietor ( see precedent 47 ) .

Obviously there must be evidence outside the registry of the trusts affecting the former matrimonial home and the declaration of trust set out at Precedent 50 is appropriate both for registered and unregistered land .
obviously there must be evidence outside the registry of the trusts affecting the former matrimonial home and the declaration of trust set out at precedent 50 is appropriate both for [signed up] and unregistered land .

In the case of registered title , office copy entries should be submitted to the wife 's solicitors .
in the case of [signed up] title , office copy entries should be submitted to the wife 's solicitors .

( b ) Registered land If the husband and wife hold as tenants in common , a restriction will already be on the register to the effect that a disposition by a sole proprietor of land ( not being a trust corporation ) under which capital money arises will not be registered except under an order of the Registrar or the Court ( Land Registration Act 1925 , s58 ( 3 ) , Land Registration Rules 1925 , r213 and Land Registration Rules 1989 , r6 ) .
( b ) [signed up] land if the husband and wife hold as tenants in common , a restriction will already be on the register to the effect that a disposition by a sole proprietor of land ( not being a trust corporation ) under which capital money arises will not be [signed up] except under an order of the registrar or the court ( land registration act 1925 , s58 ( 3 ) , land registration rules 1925 , r213 and land registration rules 1989 , r6 ) .

As far as registered land is concerned , the second mortgage will be registered automatically against the title on the lodging of the application for registration .
as far as [signed up] land is concerned , the second mortgage will be [signed up] automatically against the title on the lodging of the application for registration .

( See Ruoff and Roper , Registered Conveyancing , 1991 11.07 . )
( see ruoff and roper , [signed up] conveyancing , 1991 11.07 . )

Where a charge is given over registered land ( eg Precedents 61 and 63 ) , Scale 4 of the Fee Order will apply by reference to the amount of the charge .
where a charge is given over [signed up] land ( eg precedents 61 and 63 ) , scale 4 of the fee order will apply by reference to the amount of the charge .

She had seen him only once during the past three years — two bleak weeks ago at the funeral , when her grief had been so great that she had barely registered his presence .
she had seen him only once during the past three years — two bleak weeks ago at the funeral , when her grief had been so great that she had barely [signed up] his presence .

For once , Shiona barely registered the insult .
for once , shiona barely [signed up] the insult .

If Leeds had been playing a better team they would n't have won but such is the game that you ca n't play the big boys everyday ( thank God ) and Leeds eventually , to the fans relief , and mine too , registered their first win in four games and hopefully gained a confidence booster both for their defence and for our new goalkeeper Beeney who was called on to make only two saves , important as they were .
if leeds had been playing a better team they would n't have won but such is the game that you ca n't play the big boys everyday ( thank god ) and leeds eventually , to the fans relief , and mine too , [signed up] their first win in four games and hopefully gained a confidence booster both for their defence and for our new goalkeeper beeney who was called on to make only two saves , important as they were .

Owners of land so registered can be directed by the secretary of state to dispose of it .
owners of land so [signed up] can be directed by the secretary of state to dispose of it .

9 Paraphrasing that passage , Rosenfield stated in a 1921 essay , ‘ American Painting , ’ that O'Keeffe 's work ‘ registered the manner of perception anchored in the constitution of the woman .
9 paraphrasing that passage , rosenfield stated in a 1921 essay , ‘ american painting , ’ that o'keeffe 's work ‘ [signed up] the manner of perception anchored in the constitution of the woman .

Question 6 Should the giving of accountant 's reports be limited to those accountants who are ‘ registered auditors ’ ?
question 6 should the giving of accountant 's reports be limited to those accountants who are ‘ [signed up] auditors ’ ?

Respondents from medium-sized and larger practices were more evenly divided on the issue , but nevertheless registered majorities in favour of capping .
respondents from medium-sized and larger practices were more evenly divided on the issue , but nevertheless [signed up] majorities in favour of capping .

He looked … taut , Virginia registered in a detached way .
he looked … taut , virginia [signed up] in a detached way .

She registered with vague surprise that she was somehow becoming acclimatised to the unsettling feel of his hands on her body …
she [signed up] with vague surprise that she was somehow becoming acclimatised to the unsettling feel of his hands on her body …

In a split second , she registered every tiny detail of his appearance , the smooth texture of his skin above the shadow of beard-growth , the high cheekbones cast in stark relief in the moonlight .
in a split second , she [signed up] every tiny detail of his appearance , the smooth texture of his skin above the shadow of beard-growth , the high cheekbones cast in stark relief in the moonlight .

The décor was still brutally hard and ultra-modern , but there was a touch more warmth in this room , she registered slowly .
the décor was still brutally hard and ultra-modern , but there was a touch more warmth in this room , she [signed up] slowly .

She should have known what it would be like … Getting back home to Armscott Manor was a mechanical necessity , but she hardly registered the journey .
she should have known what it would be like … getting back home to armscott manor was a mechanical necessity , but she hardly [signed up] the journey .

She sat up with a start , blinking , to find the room full of electric light again , and her host occupied in turning off the lamps , his face streaked with oil and his black hair wildly untidy , but with an air of triumph about him which she registered with some amusement .
she sat up with a start , blinking , to find the room full of electric light again , and her host occupied in turning off the lamps , his face streaked with oil and his black hair wildly untidy , but with an air of triumph about him which she [signed up] with some amusement .

Her stomach did an odd flip as her brain registered a new-found awareness of a woman 's absolute power over the seemingly stronger sex .
her stomach did an odd flip as her brain [signed up] a new-found awareness of a woman 's absolute power over the seemingly stronger sex .

‘ She said your name was Juliet , but you had n't been registered yet .
‘ she said your name was juliet , but you had n't been [signed up] yet .

She turned to look at the registrar as he strode smiling into the room , and her bemused expression must have registered .
she turned to look at the registrar as he strode smiling into the room , and her bemused expression must have [signed up] .

Perhaps it just had n't registered .
perhaps it just had n't [signed up] .

And talking of cards , ’ she went on quickly as it registered with Fabia that if adding Cara 's name to hers on any card she sent home was n't lying , then she did n't know what was , ‘ you 'd better take a couple of my business cards .
and talking of cards , ’ she went on quickly as it [signed up] with fabia that if adding cara 's name to hers on any card she sent home was n't lying , then she did n't know what was , ‘ you 'd better take a couple of my business cards .

‘ Ah , ’ the name obviously registered Fabia thought , her spirits rising .
‘ ah , ’ the name obviously [signed up] fabia thought , her spirits rising .

Her heart plummeted with the thought that he would be away again , and then hitched to a halt when his words registered .
her heart plummeted with the thought that he would be away again , and then hitched to a halt when his words [signed up] .

Andrew 's compassionate brown eyes registered shock , and then regret .
andrew 's compassionate brown eyes [signed up] shock , and then regret .

Nothing moved , but the world tilted , and she looked down into eyes that registered he had felt it too .
nothing moved , but the world tilted , and she looked down into eyes that [signed up] he had felt it too .

She still wore her shirt , but it had ridden up over her thighs , while all her senses registered that Travis wore nothing save his skin .
she still wore her shirt , but it had ridden up over her thighs , while all her senses [signed up] that travis wore nothing save his skin .

Paige scarcely registered the momentary pain of his possession before spiralling waves of indescribable pleasure took her .
paige scarcely [signed up] the momentary pain of his possession before spiralling waves of indescribable pleasure took her .

Perplexed , Ashley looked at him , then it registered that as she had been astonished to see him so he was equally stunned to see her .
perplexed , ashley looked at him , then it [signed up] that as she had been astonished to see him so he was equally stunned to see her .

Past a certain point where ownership of the method or idea is registered and institution/company interests safe-guarded , the ideas are tested in the wider scientific world , using seminars , contacts etc .
past a certain point where ownership of the method or idea is [signed up] and institution/company interests safe-guarded , the ideas are tested in the wider scientific world , using seminars , contacts etc .

This principle does not limit the processing of data , it merely requires such activities to be registered , in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1984 .
this principle does not limit the processing of data , it merely requires such activities to be [signed up] , in accordance with the requirements of the data protection act 1984 .

This principle would be breached if an organisation sold information to a third party after collecting the information purely on the registered basis of an internal purpose of the organisation .
this principle would be breached if an organisation sold information to a third party after collecting the information purely on the [signed up] basis of an internal purpose of the organisation .

Similarly , if one person is obtaining data on behalf of another , they should both be registered .
similarly , if one person is obtaining data on behalf of another , they should both be [signed up] .

Thus , if Brazil was already the major producer of coffee , the state of São Paulo , which is predominantly identified with this crop in our century , as yet harvested only about a quarter of the production of Rio and at most a fifth of the entire country ; about half the production of Indonesia and only about twice as much as Ceylon , where the development of tea-culture was still so negligible that exports were not separately registered until the second half of the 1870s , and then in tiny quantities .
thus , if brazil was already the major producer of coffee , the state of são paulo , which is predominantly identified with this crop in our century , as yet harvested only about a quarter of the production of rio and at most a fifth of the entire country ; about half the production of indonesia and only about twice as much as ceylon , where the development of tea-culture was still so negligible that exports were not separately [signed up] until the second half of the 1870s , and then in tiny quantities .

After all Dr Kugelmann recommended Karlsbad to so untypical a member of the middle class as Karl Marx , who carefully registered himself as a ‘ man of private means ’ to avoid identification , until he discovered that as Dr Marx he could save some of the rather steep Kurtaxe .
after all dr kugelmann recommended karlsbad to so untypical a member of the middle class as karl marx , who carefully [signed up] himself as a ‘ man of private means ’ to avoid identification , until he discovered that as dr marx he could save some of the rather steep kurtaxe .

The growing importance of trade unions in the 1860s registered this , the very existence — not to mention the strength — of the International would have been impossible without it .
the growing importance of trade unions in the 1860s [signed up] this , the very existence — not to mention the strength — of the international would have been impossible without it .

The registered office of a defendant limited company or any place of business of the defendant company which has some real connection with the cause or matter in issue must be given for purposes of service ( Ord 7 , r 14 ( 2 ) ) .
the [signed up] office of a defendant limited company or any place of business of the defendant company which has some real connection with the cause or matter in issue must be given for purposes of service ( ord 7 , r 14 ( 2 ) ) .

The head office is not of course , necessarily the registered office and a company search may be necessary .
the head office is not of course , necessarily the [signed up] office and a company search may be necessary .

All documents sent by post for service , whether originating process or otherwise and whether to companies or to persons , should be sent by prepaid letter post , not registered or recorded ; only documents other than originating process can be sent by second class post .
all documents sent by post for service , whether originating process or otherwise and whether to companies or to persons , should be sent by prepaid letter post , not [signed up] or recorded ; only documents other than originating process can be sent by second class post .

Where a company is registered in Scotland a summons may be served on it by leaving it at , or by sending it by post to , its principal place of business in England or Wales addressed to the manager or head officer and by further posting a copy to the registered office ( s 725(2) and ( 3 ) Companies Act 1985 ) .
where a company is [signed up] in scotland a summons may be served on it by leaving it at , or by sending it by post to , its principal place of business in england or wales addressed to the manager or head officer and by further posting a copy to the [signed up] office ( s 725(2) and ( 3 ) companies act 1985 ) .

Services of notices under the Law of Property Act 1925 eg " s 146 notices " may be served by registered letter post ( s 196(3) and ( 4 ) ) and also by recorded delivery ( Recorded Delivery Service Act 1962 ) .
services of notices under the law of property act 1925 eg " s 146 notices " may be served by [signed up] letter post ( s 196(3) and ( 4 ) ) and also by recorded delivery ( recorded delivery service act 1962 ) .

In the case of a limited company with a registered office in Scotland carrying on business in England and Wales , service can be effected without leave by post or by delivering the process at the address in England and Wales and at the same time sending a copy of the process to the registered office ( s 725 ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of the Companies Act 1985 ) .
in the case of a limited company with a [signed up] office in scotland carrying on business in england and wales , service can be effected without leave by post or by delivering the process at the address in england and wales and at the same time sending a copy of the process to the [signed up] office ( s 725 ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of the companies act 1985 ) .

However , where there has been a contested hearing and : ( 1 ) a money judgment payable in one lump sum is ordered , the debt is registered only when the judgment creditor takes steps to enforce it , or issues an oral examination ; ( 2 ) a money judgment ( payable in one lump sum or by instalments ) including an order for costs to be taxed is entered , registration is effected on completion of taxation ; ( 3 ) an application for new trial has been made or an appeal lodged with the Court of Appeal , registration is effected when the new trial ( if ordered ) or appeal have been disposed of .
however , where there has been a contested hearing and : ( 1 ) a money judgment payable in one lump sum is ordered , the debt is [signed up] only when the judgment creditor takes steps to enforce it , or issues an oral examination ; ( 2 ) a money judgment ( payable in one lump sum or by instalments ) including an order for costs to be taxed is entered , registration is effected on completion of taxation ; ( 3 ) an application for new trial has been made or an appeal lodged with the court of appeal , registration is effected when the new trial ( if ordered ) or appeal have been disposed of .

Where a judgment has been set aside or reversed , the county court office sends a certificate to that effect to the registry to cancel any entry if it has been registered .
where a judgment has been set aside or reversed , the county court office sends a certificate to that effect to the registry to cancel any entry if it has been [signed up] .

10.5 For the purposes of this Condition , the capitalised term `` Intellectual Property Rights `` means Patents , Registered Designs , Unregistered Designs , Registered Trademarks and Copyright only , having effect in the United Kingdom .
10.5 for the purposes of this condition , the capitalised term `` intellectual property rights `` means patents , [signed up] designs , unregistered designs , [signed up] trademarks and copyright only , having effect in the united kingdom .

6.1 You warrant that neither the sale nor the use of the goods nor the performance of the work will infringe any British or foreign patent , trademark , registered design , or other industrial or intellectual property rights whether or not similar to any of the foregoing .
6.1 you warrant that neither the sale nor the use of the goods nor the performance of the work will infringe any british or foreign patent , trademark , [signed up] design , or other industrial or intellectual property rights whether or not similar to any of the foregoing .

Any and all patents , registered designs , unregistered designs , copyright , or other intellectual property rights whether or not similar to any of the foregoing in or resulting from any work carried out by the Supplier under or in pursuance of this Agreement shall belong exclusively , throughout the world , to the Supplier .
any and all patents , [signed up] designs , unregistered designs , copyright , or other intellectual property rights whether or not similar to any of the foregoing in or resulting from any work carried out by the supplier under or in pursuance of this agreement shall belong exclusively , throughout the world , to the supplier .

Registered foreign lawyers are required to pay a fee ( £280 for 1991/92 ) on first registration and an annual fee of an amount equal to two thirds of the current practising certificate fee in order to remain on the register .
[signed up] foreign lawyers are required to pay a fee ( £280 for 1991/92 ) on first registration and an annual fee of an amount equal to two thirds of the current practising certificate fee in order to remain on the register .

All members of the company ( though not its secretary ) must be qualified solicitors , and there are special provisions to apply when a member dies or is struck off the roll or otherwise loses his qualification to practise , which in essence provide that such member 's shares become non-voting so long as they remain registered in unqualified hands , and only qualified solicitors will be able to vote as proxies .
all members of the company ( though not its secretary ) must be qualified solicitors , and there are special provisions to apply when a member dies or is struck off the roll or otherwise loses his qualification to practise , which in essence provide that such member 's shares become non-voting so long as they remain [signed up] in unqualified hands , and only qualified solicitors will be able to vote as proxies .

The practice has to have its registered office in England and Wales , and be registered under the Companies Act 1985 as an unlimited company having a share capital or as a company limited by shares ; and any change from unlimited to limited status requires the consent of the Councilnot , presumably , to be lightly given .
the practice has to have its [signed up] office in england and wales , and be [signed up] under the companies act 1985 as an unlimited company having a share capital or as a company limited by shares ; and any change from unlimited to limited status requires the consent of the councilnot , presumably , to be lightly given .

It is usual to make specific provision for service of such notices , eg at the last known home address of a partner , in a way that will afford evidence that it has been duly given ( eg by registered delivery , entry in the firm 's post book etc ) .
it is usual to make specific provision for service of such notices , eg at the last known home address of a partner , in a way that will afford evidence that it has been duly given ( eg by [signed up] delivery , entry in the firm 's post book etc ) .

This may be done by including in the grant of the option a proviso that it is to be void if it is not registered as an estate contract within , say , three months from the date of the lease .
this may be done by including in the grant of the option a proviso that it is to be void if it is not [signed up] as an estate contract within , say , three months from the date of the lease .

( 1 ) Before any third party is registered as the transferee of shares he will be asked to execute a deed of adherence binding him to the terms of the subscription and shareholders ' agreement .
( 1 ) before any third party is [signed up] as the transferee of shares he will be asked to execute a deed of adherence binding him to the terms of the subscription and shareholders ' agreement .

Stamp duty can not be avoided on a share sale as the stock transfer forms will need to be stamped before the purchaser can be registered as the owner of the shares .
stamp duty can not be avoided on a share sale as the stock transfer forms will need to be stamped before the purchaser can be [signed up] as the owner of the shares .

When does an agreement need to be registered ?
when does an agreement need to be [signed up] ?

Once an agreement has been registered in the register of restrictive agreements ( which is open to public inspection ) , the Director General may refer it to the Restrictive Practices Court for a decision on whether the restrictions it contains are contrary to the public interest .
once an agreement has been [signed up] in the register of restrictive agreements ( which is open to public inspection ) , the director general may refer it to the restrictive practices court for a decision on whether the restrictions it contains are contrary to the public interest .

Twice in the last five years — in December 1990 and December 1992 — scientists from the University of Chicago registered abnormally high levels of uv-B radiation ( the most harmful ) in the city .
twice in the last five years — in december 1990 and december 1992 — scientists from the university of chicago [signed up] abnormally high levels of uv-b radiation ( the most harmful ) in the city .

The report alleges that the schemes would damage 10 registered sites of special scientific interest ( SSSIs ) .
the report alleges that the schemes would damage 10 [signed up] sites of special scientific interest ( sssis ) .

It will apply only to cars registered after the law comes into effect .
it will apply only to cars [signed up] after the law comes into effect .

The last wolf was shot in west Germany as far back as 1846 and since then it has been registered as extinct .
the last wolf was shot in west germany as far back as 1846 and since then it has been [signed up] as extinct .

Some 381 animal species , 81 species of bird , and numerous species of plants were registered as endangered in 1992 alone .
some 381 animal species , 81 species of bird , and numerous species of plants were [signed up] as endangered in 1992 alone .

In all , 1.3 million people have been registered as suffering from diseases related to the radiation leak .
in all , 1.3 million people have been [signed up] as suffering from diseases related to the radiation leak .

Of these , only two , the chaffinch and the greenfinch , registered a slight increase in population over the period .
of these , only two , the chaffinch and the greenfinch , [signed up] a slight increase in population over the period .

In 1961 only 1.5 % of the workforce was registered as unemployed , but by 1971 it had risen to 3.5 % — a total of 792,000 people .
in 1961 only 1.5 % of the workforce was [signed up] as unemployed , but by 1971 it had risen to 3.5 % — a total of 792,000 people .

Critics of official statistics argued that not all those out of work were registered as unemployed and that the real figure was therefore higher than that given by the Department of Employment , which is responsible for compiling the data .
critics of official statistics argued that not all those out of work were [signed up] as unemployed and that the real figure was therefore higher than that given by the department of employment , which is responsible for compiling the data .

Electors who move to another constituency during the course of the year are entitled to apply to vote by post in the constituency in which they are registered .
electors who move to another constituency during the course of the year are entitled to apply to vote by post in the constituency in which they are [signed up] .

You will note that my Local Search reveals a repair grant of £704.48 registered on 3rd January 1984 but the period of three years requiring payment have now lapsed .
you will note that my local search reveals a repair grant of £704.48 [signed up] on 3rd january 1984 but the period of three years requiring payment have now lapsed .

So in theory a computer , by comparing the pattern of voltages registered by the voltmeters at all the portholes , could calculate the pattern of obstacles around the fish .
so in theory a computer , by comparing the pattern of voltages [signed up] by the voltmeters at all the portholes , could calculate the pattern of obstacles around the fish .

Instead , we are left to rely upon the Disabled Persons Employment Acts 1945 and 1960 , which established the blue card and quota system whereby employers in the private sector with more than 20 employees must employ at least 3 % registered disabled workers .
instead , we are left to rely upon the disabled persons employment acts 1945 and 1960 , which established the blue card and quota system whereby employers in the private sector with more than 20 employees must employ at least 3 % [signed up] disabled workers .

Most women with children are on order books and would not have registered as unemployed and would not , therefore , be eligible .
most women with children are on order books and would not have [signed up] as unemployed and would not , therefore , be eligible .

Statistics hide the latter since married women are usually not registered as unemployed ; if they were on the register , unemployment statistics would change dramatically !
statistics hide the latter since married women are usually not [signed up] as unemployed ; if they were on the register , unemployment statistics would change dramatically !

Faces in the hall registered distress at this price as it became clear to many of those present that they would be unable to win anything with their limited sources .
faces in the hall [signed up] distress at this price as it became clear to many of those present that they would be unable to win anything with their limited sources .

The second notable point is the one which , when the remit was published , led to much criticism of it , and which is registered in paragraph 1 of the minority report signed by three of the nine members remaining from the ten who at the outset composed the Committee : Certainly , the terms of reference specified industrial democracy as an extension of the activities of trade unions into the control of enterprises , other than public sector enterprises , by which the members of those unions were employed .
the second notable point is the one which , when the remit was published , led to much criticism of it , and which is [signed up] in paragraph 1 of the minority report signed by three of the nine members remaining from the ten who at the outset composed the committee : certainly , the terms of reference specified industrial democracy as an extension of the activities of trade unions into the control of enterprises , other than public sector enterprises , by which the members of those unions were employed .

He chose the city of Selma , Alabama , to dramatize the issue — a city where the blacks outnumbered whites , but where only 3 % of blacks were registered voters against 97 % of the white inhabitants .
he chose the city of selma , alabama , to dramatize the issue — a city where the blacks outnumbered whites , but where only 3 % of blacks were [signed up] voters against 97 % of the white inhabitants .

For Swiss , West German , Iranian , Canadian and British registered aircraft , the data was obtained from official sources .
for swiss , west german , iranian , canadian and british [signed up] aircraft , the data was obtained from official sources .

The pilot-in-command held a West German Commercial Pilot Licence with instrument and instructor ratings endorsed as valid for flying Swiss registered aircraft and had accumulated a total of 2,600 hours flying experience , including 400 hours on the accident type .
the pilot-in-command held a west german commercial pilot licence with instrument and instructor ratings endorsed as valid for flying swiss [signed up] aircraft and had accumulated a total of 2,600 hours flying experience , including 400 hours on the accident type .

Each model , in its own way , provides a standard for comparing choices , so that the differentness of a writer 's style can be registered .
each model , in its own way , provides a standard for comparing choices , so that the differentness of a writer 's style can be [signed up] .

So no voter who gave Craig a second preference could be sure that it would actually be registered , for his paper could be one of the 3,813 — 1,476 = 2,337 that were not picked out for transfer .
so no voter who gave craig a second preference could be sure that it would actually be [signed up] , for his paper could be one of the 3,813 — 1,476 = 2,337 that were not picked out for transfer .

This is registered in part by a shift from metaphors of natural flow to metaphors of invasion ( see p.62 ) .
this is [signed up] in part by a shift from metaphors of natural flow to metaphors of invasion ( see p.62 ) .

Some , of course , deny that such purity of method is possible but few would argue with the proposition that where a description of law is coloured by the expositor 's own values it is a virtue for these values explicitly to be registered .
some , of course , deny that such purity of method is possible but few would argue with the proposition that where a description of law is coloured by the expositor 's own values it is a virtue for these values explicitly to be [signed up] .

Since then the Ferrari car has competed in over 400 World Championship Grand Prix races , and has registered nearly 100 victories .
since then the ferrari car has competed in over 400 world championship grand prix races , and has [signed up] nearly 100 victories .

During his time at college he started modifying Austin Sevens and on 1 January 1952 his famous Lotus Engineering Company was registered , thanks to a loan of £25 from Hazel Williams , who later became his wife .
during his time at college he started modifying austin sevens and on 1 january 1952 his famous lotus engineering company was [signed up] , thanks to a loan of £25 from hazel williams , who later became his wife .

Illegitimate births formed only a small number of the total registered births before 1750 , but by the end of the eighteenth century an illegitimacy ratio of 5 per cent was common and by the middle of the nineteenth century 20 per cent was often the norm .
illegitimate births formed only a small number of the total [signed up] births before 1750 , but by the end of the eighteenth century an illegitimacy ratio of 5 per cent was common and by the middle of the nineteenth century 20 per cent was often the norm .

As single women , residing often outside their families , women registered under the Acts were perhaps the most vulnerable members of their community .
as single women , residing often outside their families , women [signed up] under the acts were perhaps the most vulnerable members of their community .

On receiving a letter from the Chairperson of the of the Hong Kong ‘ Branch ’ Standing Committee resolved that the Branch should be formally constituted with the provision that all members of the Branch were registered members of Convocation .
on receiving a letter from the chairperson of the of the hong kong ‘ branch ’ standing committee resolved that the branch should be formally constituted with the provision that all members of the branch were [signed up] members of convocation .

Larger endowed charities were registered with the Central Charity Commissioners , many others were not .
larger endowed charities were [signed up] with the central charity commissioners , many others were not .

He described the National Insurance Act of 1911 as a ‘ vile enslaving measure ’ which compelled individuals to make contributions and to be registered with state agencies which diminished freedom and increased bureaucratic control .
he described the national insurance act of 1911 as a ‘ vile enslaving measure ’ which compelled individuals to make contributions and to be [signed up] with state agencies which diminished freedom and increased bureaucratic control .

Both Reports proposed the establishment of national labour exchanges at which all unemployed workmen would be registered and to which vacancies would be notified .
both reports proposed the establishment of national labour exchanges at which all unemployed workmen would be [signed up] and to which vacancies would be notified .

For registered and insured items , 35p .
for [signed up] and insured items , 35p .

The registered letter service is available for first class post for an extra fee .
the [signed up] letter service is available for first class post for an extra fee .

In the inland post , we recommend that you use the registered letter service for sending valuable items .
in the inland post , we recommend that you use the [signed up] letter service for sending valuable items .

If you want to be covered for compensation , send money and monetary items by the registered post in a registered envelope sold by The Post Office .
if you want to be covered for compensation , send money and monetary items by the [signed up] post in a [signed up] envelope sold by the post office .

If enquiries in such cases have not been completed within 3 months ( for registered and insured letters ) or 6 months ( for ordinary letters ) then we will normally settle the claim ourselves .
if enquiries in such cases have not been completed within 3 months ( for [signed up] and insured letters ) or 6 months ( for ordinary letters ) then we will normally settle the claim ourselves .

The staff sample consisted of all 56 registered nurses on the unit and all 31 medical residents who cared for patients when transfer decisions were made .
the staff sample consisted of all 56 [signed up] nurses on the unit and all 31 medical residents who cared for patients when transfer decisions were made .

This is not always achievable because registered nurses are not equipped during their training with the necessary skills to make complex psychological assessments of patients and they have competing demands on their time .
this is not always achievable because [signed up] nurses are not equipped during their training with the necessary skills to make complex psychological assessments of patients and they have competing demands on their time .

It is essential to recognise and develop managerial skills in registered nurses for three reasons .
it is essential to recognise and develop managerial skills in [signed up] nurses for three reasons .

The senior nurse on each ward or in each community unit is the lynch pin in developing managerial awareness in registered nurses , as she or he is in the development of any activity within the ward setting .
the senior nurse on each ward or in each community unit is the lynch pin in developing managerial awareness in [signed up] nurses , as she or he is in the development of any activity within the ward setting .

Most have remained registered as citizens of North or South Korea , aliens in their country of permanent residence .
most have remained [signed up] as citizens of north or south korea , aliens in their country of permanent residence .

Whereas the old system had taken a percentage of the harvest , the new one levied tax on registered landowners as a percentage of the assessed monetary value of the land , 3 per cent in the first instance , plus a local government levy .
whereas the old system had taken a percentage of the harvest , the new one levied tax on [signed up] landowners as a percentage of the assessed monetary value of the land , 3 per cent in the first instance , plus a local government levy .

The company 's place of registration and the number with which it is registered .
the company 's place of registration and the number with which it is [signed up] .

The address of the registered office .
the address of the [signed up] office .

The act created the concept of commercial contracts and of traders having a firm registered at the ‘ Firm Registry ’ and also dealt with partnerships , limited partnerships , joint-stock companies , and co-operatives ( which were considered to be business enterprises ) .
the act created the concept of commercial contracts and of traders having a firm [signed up] at the ‘ firm registry ’ and also dealt with partnerships , limited partnerships , joint-stock companies , and co-operatives ( which were considered to be business enterprises ) .

However , even in this context ( in the same way as in the case of joint-stock companies ) it must be borne in mind that a share certificate in Hungary ( like in many continental countries ) is not just a certificate of membership in a limited company but a marketable security , property which may be transferred in case of bearer shares by delivery and by endorsement in case of registered shares .
however , even in this context ( in the same way as in the case of joint-stock companies ) it must be borne in mind that a share certificate in hungary ( like in many continental countries ) is not just a certificate of membership in a limited company but a marketable security , property which may be transferred in case of bearer shares by delivery and by endorsement in case of [signed up] shares .

The interest of creditors and contractual partners is taken care of by the imposition of a statutory minimum of registered capital .
the interest of creditors and contractual partners is taken care of by the imposition of a statutory minimum of [signed up] capital .

At least 30 per cent of the registered capital or half-a-million forints ( whichever is the greater ) must be paid up simultaneously with the foundation of the company .
at least 30 per cent of the [signed up] capital or half-a-million forints ( whichever is the greater ) must be paid up simultaneously with the foundation of the company .

In the case of a one-man company an independent auditor must be appointed , and if the registered capital exceeds 20 million forints or the number of members exceeds twenty-five or the number of employees on the average exceeds 200 , a supervisory board must also be created .
in the case of a one-man company an independent auditor must be appointed , and if the [signed up] capital exceeds 20 million forints or the number of members exceeds twenty-five or the number of employees on the average exceeds 200 , a supervisory board must also be created .

The shares are either bearer shares or registered shares .
the shares are either bearer shares or [signed up] shares .

Non-residents may only hold registered shares .
non-residents may only hold [signed up] shares .

Preference shares may be issued up to one half of the registered capital .
preference shares may be issued up to one half of the [signed up] capital .

Conversely , the statutes may provide that a government agency or a financial institution holding not less than 30 per cent of the registered capital may exercise voting rights of 51 per cent of the shareholders .
conversely , the statutes may provide that a government agency or a financial institution holding not less than 30 per cent of the [signed up] capital may exercise voting rights of 51 per cent of the shareholders .

If a joint-stock company is to be converted into a Kft , first all bearer shares must be converted into registered shares .
if a joint-stock company is to be converted into a kft , first all bearer shares must be converted into [signed up] shares .

The registered capital of the Kft may not be less than the whole issued capital of the company under conversion and simultaneously with the registration of the new Kft all shares must be cancelled .
the [signed up] capital of the kft may not be less than the whole issued capital of the company under conversion and simultaneously with the registration of the new kft all shares must be cancelled .

Traders may be companies with limited liability or joint-stock companies with registered shares only whose issued capital is not less than 50 million forints and whose sole object is the dealing in securities .
traders may be companies with limited liability or joint-stock companies with [signed up] shares only whose issued capital is not less than 50 million forints and whose sole object is the dealing in securities .

with business direct , we will deliver what you need , together with your travel documents , by registered post to your home or office .
with business direct , we will deliver what you need , together with your travel documents , by [signed up] post to your home or office .

Later amendments made remittances over 12 per cent of registered capital subject to heavy taxes .
later amendments made remittances over 12 per cent of [signed up] capital subject to heavy taxes .

Large envelopes or packets and registered letters are stored in a separate place and a notification slip ( Fig .
large envelopes or packets and [signed up] letters are stored in a separate place and a notification slip ( fig .

Registered mail ( incoming )
[signed up] mail ( incoming )

The head porter or head receptionist is usually authorised to sign for registered mail .
the head porter or head receptionist is usually authorised to sign for [signed up] mail .

Any cash received in registered letters must be double-checked by the head receptionist .
any cash received in [signed up] letters must be double-checked by the head receptionist .

Any post office receipts for registered mail should be gummed into a special book kept for that purpose .
any post office receipts for [signed up] mail should be gummed into a special book kept for that purpose .

Registered mail ( outgoing )
[signed up] mail ( outgoing )

Registered mail has to be handed in to the post office , which issues an official receipt .
[signed up] mail has to be handed in to the post office , which issues an official receipt .

Registered letter envelopes in different sizes can be obtained from the post office , or a stout envelope or package can be used by drawing blue lines across the face before it is handed in to the post office .
[signed up] letter envelopes in different sizes can be obtained from the post office , or a stout envelope or package can be used by drawing blue lines across the face before it is handed in to the post office .

When receiving registered mail for an expected guest , what procedure would you follow ?
when receiving [signed up] mail for an expected guest , what procedure would you follow ?

By virtue of the Immigration ( Hotel Records ) Order 1972 all guests over the age of sixteen are required upon arrival at a hotel to register their full name and nationality , or have it registered for them .
by virtue of the immigration ( hotel records ) order 1972 all guests over the age of sixteen are required upon arrival at a hotel to register their full name and nationality , or have it [signed up] for them .

Ascertainment through regional cancer registries may not be complete , and so a special search of hospital and pathology department records was made to ascertain any cases of leukaemia or lymphoma in Allerdale and Copeland for 1969–83 that might not previously have been registered .
ascertainment through regional cancer registries may not be complete , and so a special search of hospital and pathology department records was made to ascertain any cases of leukaemia or lymphoma in allerdale and copeland for 1969–83 that might not previously have been [signed up] .

This resulted in the inclusion of a further four cases in addition to the 27 previously registered .
this resulted in the inclusion of a further four cases in addition to the 27 previously [signed up] .

No pupils refused to participate in the study , and as pupils were not warned about the administration of the survey we assumed that those registered pupils who did not complete the survey were either absent or had left the school .
no pupils refused to participate in the study , and as pupils were not warned about the administration of the survey we assumed that those [signed up] pupils who did not complete the survey were either absent or had left the school .

144 614 registered patients from 22 practices .
144 614 [signed up] patients from 22 practices .

Number of referrals per 1000 registered patients for radiography of the chest , skull , spine , abdomen , limbs , and joints and for barium investigation and excretion urography .
number of referrals per 1000 [signed up] patients for radiography of the chest , skull , spine , abdomen , limbs , and joints and for barium investigation and excretion urography .

Overall referrals fell from 88.4/1000 registered patients to 77.2/1000 after the guidelines were introduced .
overall referrals fell from 88.4/1000 [signed up] patients to 77.2/1000 after the guidelines were introduced .

These practices have been excluded from the analysis , which is therefore based on referrals from 22 practices with a combined list of 144 614 registered patients .
these practices have been excluded from the analysis , which is therefore based on referrals from 22 practices with a combined list of 144 614 [signed up] patients .

The narrow range of referral rates after the guidelines for six of the seven zones ( 69.2–81.9/1000 registered patients ) suggests an appropriate target referral rate of below 75/1000 registered patients a year .
the narrow range of referral rates after the guidelines for six of the seven zones ( 69.2–81.9/1000 [signed up] patients ) suggests an appropriate target referral rate of below 75/1000 [signed up] patients a year .

Practices with referral levels above 100/1000 registered patients should urgently review their referral practice .
practices with referral levels above 100/1000 [signed up] patients should urgently review their referral practice .

After the guidelines were introduced there were 1582 fewer referrals for radiography and 223 additional referrals for ultrasonography from a registered population of 144 614 patients resulting in a potential saving of about £13 500 excluding ambulance costs .
after the guidelines were introduced there were 1582 fewer referrals for radiography and 223 additional referrals for ultrasonography from a [signed up] population of 144 614 patients resulting in a potential saving of about £13 500 excluding ambulance costs .

It was not until towards the end of 1986 that the Stock Exchange Registered Representatives ' and Traders ' Exam was introduced .
it was not until towards the end of 1986 that the stock exchange [signed up] representatives ' and traders ' exam was introduced .

Many Harvard dealers have failed the registered Representatives ' and Traders ' exam .
many harvard dealers have failed the [signed up] representatives ' and traders ' exam .

After being virtually the first dealer at his firm to pass the Registered Representatives ' and Traders ' examination , he was applauded by his colleagues only to be shunted off the sales desk into the back office .
after being virtually the first dealer at his firm to pass the [signed up] representatives ' and traders ' examination , he was applauded by his colleagues only to be shunted off the sales desk into the back office .

One Harvard dealer had registered with an employment agency which stupidly sent his curriculum vitae to Harvard .
one harvard dealer had [signed up] with an employment agency which stupidly sent his curriculum vitae to harvard .

Top dealers with plummy accents who had passed the registered Representatives ' and Traders ' examination were primed to speak with the inspectors .
top dealers with plummy accents who had passed the [signed up] representatives ' and traders ' examination were primed to speak with the inspectors .

Although the butler 's face registered nothing , his eyes flickered from Lee to Katherine and back to Lee .
although the butler 's face [signed up] nothing , his eyes flickered from lee to katherine and back to lee .

Shocked , everyone turned to look at him , and he briefly registered the faces and the expressions — his mother 's , the butler 's the cook 's and the two maids ' — before Jane turned and brushed past him , her face set , here eyes hard and glittering .
shocked , everyone turned to look at him , and he briefly [signed up] the faces and the expressions — his mother 's , the butler 's the cook 's and the two maids ' — before jane turned and brushed past him , her face set , here eyes hard and glittering .

Consent in such circumstances does not have to be formally registered : it is enough for the regime that it can count , in practice , on the support and co-operation of key sectors of the population .
consent in such circumstances does not have to be formally [signed up] : it is enough for the regime that it can count , in practice , on the support and co-operation of key sectors of the population .

Each brothel has to obtain a special licence from the police and the names of the women must also be registered .
each brothel has to obtain a special licence from the police and the names of the women must also be [signed up] .

If all the women are not registered , the police may make a raid on the brothel , taking the unregistered women to prison until the owner of the brothel pays a fine .
if all the women are not [signed up] , the police may make a raid on the brothel , taking the unregistered women to prison until the owner of the brothel pays a fine .

They are known as the `` listed women `` as they are also registered with the police .
they are known as the `` listed women `` as they are also [signed up] with the police .

And we tried to do something about the problem of alcoholism and prostitution in the area by getting the bars and brothels registered with the local government .
and we tried to do something about the problem of alcoholism and prostitution in the area by getting the bars and brothels [signed up] with the local government .

For these reasons , there is a massive drop-out rate , with only some one quarter of all pupils registered in the first year finishing their primary education . ``
for these reasons , there is a massive drop-out rate , with only some one quarter of all pupils [signed up] in the first year finishing their primary education . ``

To begin with occupational segregation : in 1851 , over 90 per cent of all women registered as active in the labour force in Scotland were accounted for by four categories of employment : agriculture , domestic service , textiles and clothing .
to begin with occupational segregation : in 1851 , over 90 per cent of all women [signed up] as active in the labour force in scotland were accounted for by four categories of employment : agriculture , domestic service , textiles and clothing .

In 1911 , no fewer than 17,035 women ( but only 624 men ) were working as domestic indoor servants in the city , while another 702 women worked as domestics in hotels , and a further 3,500 were registered as charwomen or laundrywomen ( see Table 5a ) .
in 1911 , no fewer than 17,035 women ( but only 624 men ) were working as domestic indoor servants in the city , while another 702 women worked as domestics in hotels , and a further 3,500 were [signed up] as charwomen or laundrywomen ( see table 5a ) .

The Registered nurses in the ward team take the lead in this process and particularly in assessing the patient 's needs and planning the care to be given .
the [signed up] nurses in the ward team take the lead in this process and particularly in assessing the patient 's needs and planning the care to be given .

In 1985 , over 400,000 people were registered as unemployed in Greater London , and while its unemployment rate of 11.5 per cent was below the national average , registered unemployment in Tower Hamlets , for example , reached 21 per cent .
in 1985 , over 400,000 people were [signed up] as unemployed in greater london , and while its unemployment rate of 11.5 per cent was below the national average , [signed up] unemployment in tower hamlets , for example , reached 21 per cent .

It must be remembered that the competence of enrolled nurses is different from that of registered nurses and therefore these grades should not be used interchangeably .
it must be remembered that the competence of enrolled nurses is different from that of [signed up] nurses and therefore these grades should not be used interchangeably .

The same car registered just a week or two later in January will be worth several hundred pounds more when it 's time to trade it in .
the same car [signed up] just a week or two later in january will be worth several hundred pounds more when it 's time to trade it in .

Although there will be little difference between what they cost new , a car registered in January 1992 is going to be more attractive to buyers than one which went on the road in December 1991 , so second-hand it will be worth about £200-£300 more .
although there will be little difference between what they cost new , a car [signed up] in january 1992 is going to be more attractive to buyers than one which went on the road in december 1991 , so second-hand it will be worth about £200-£300 more .

This company is not registered in Ireland .
this company is not [signed up] in ireland .

In fact no one knows where it is registered — except of course Noel Smyth and whatever parties he is fronting for .
in fact no one knows where it is [signed up] — except of course noel smyth and whatever parties he is fronting for .

Later , he registered as a PhD student at King 's College , London , studying philosophy and psychology under Professor Aveling .
later , he [signed up] as a phd student at king 's college , london , studying philosophy and psychology under professor aveling .

The organisation has now registered about 200,000 people and in the last year registered more names than in the previous seven years .
the organisation has now [signed up] about 200,000 people and in the last year [signed up] more names than in the previous seven years .

Registered in the British Virgin Isles , the ultimate ownership of Cohere is unclear .
[signed up] in the british virgin isles , the ultimate ownership of cohere is unclear .

About 68 per cent of illegitimate births were jointly registered in the names of both parents in 1987 compared to 53 per cent in 1977 , and in 1987 , 70 per cent of such parents gave the same address .
about 68 per cent of illegitimate births were jointly [signed up] in the names of both parents in 1987 compared to 53 per cent in 1977 , and in 1987 , 70 per cent of such parents gave the same address .

Between 1977 and 1987 illegitimate births increased from 55,400 to 158,400 ; 76 per cent of this increase was in jointly registered births .
between 1977 and 1987 illegitimate births increased from 55,400 to 158,400 ; 76 per cent of this increase was in jointly [signed up] births .

So , too , the feeling that life was becoming ‘ Americanised ’ has been used unsparingly to describe the process of ‘ permissive ’ rot and the collapse of traditional authority — most forcibly registered in the adoption of the term ‘ mugging ’ to disown as ‘ un-British ’ the old-fashioned crime of street robbery .
so , too , the feeling that life was becoming ‘ americanised ’ has been used unsparingly to describe the process of ‘ permissive ’ rot and the collapse of traditional authority — most forcibly [signed up] in the adoption of the term ‘ mugging ’ to disown as ‘ un-british ’ the old-fashioned crime of street robbery .

The experiences of the First World War , often registered in a feeling of horrific waste , also left a deep impression on the mental landscape of the interwar years and helped to form the low-key response towards crime and hooliganism .
the experiences of the first world war , often [signed up] in a feeling of horrific waste , also left a deep impression on the mental landscape of the interwar years and helped to form the low-key response towards crime and hooliganism .

Moreover , it was understood to be a crime which was entirely foreign to the national character , and in one of its earliest references to the affair The Times ( 7 November 1862 ) registered the compulsive feeling that the new crime was ‘ un-British ’ : ‘ When the outrages first commenced , it was doubted whether the crime was not of foreign importation … but the ruffians who have been arrested arc of pure English breed .
moreover , it was understood to be a crime which was entirely foreign to the national character , and in one of its earliest references to the affair the times ( 7 november 1862 ) [signed up] the compulsive feeling that the new crime was ‘ un-british ’ : ‘ when the outrages first commenced , it was doubted whether the crime was not of foreign importation … but the ruffians who have been arrested arc of pure english breed .

However , a number of United States courts have considered cases in which service has been effected by registered mail upon defendants in Japan , a state which has objected to the other modes of service listed in Article 10 but not to the use of the postal channel .
however , a number of united states courts have considered cases in which service has been effected by [signed up] mail upon defendants in japan , a state which has objected to the other modes of service listed in article 10 but not to the use of the postal channel .

In this type of case , the nearest equivalent to direct personal service on an individual defendant would be service at the registered office or ‘ seat ’ of a company , or at the principal place of business of some other type of business association , on a senior executive of the company or association .
in this type of case , the nearest equivalent to direct personal service on an individual defendant would be service at the [signed up] office or ‘ seat ’ of a company , or at the principal place of business of some other type of business association , on a senior executive of the company or association .

If no list has been registered , or the persons named have died , or ceased to reside in Great Britain , or refuse to accept service on the company 's behalf or for any reason can not be served , a document may be served on the company by leaving it at , or sending it by post to , any place of business established by the company in Great Britain .
if no list has been [signed up] , or the persons named have died , or ceased to reside in great britain , or refuse to accept service on the company 's behalf or for any reason can not be served , a document may be served on the company by leaving it at , or sending it by post to , any place of business established by the company in great britain .

In Britain every member of the population is registered with a doctor whose circumstances may range from working alone ( a single-handed practice ) to working within a large health centre consisting of several GPs working in concert .
in britain every member of the population is [signed up] with a doctor whose circumstances may range from working alone ( a single-handed practice ) to working within a large health centre consisting of several gps working in concert .

All hotels and guest houses in this brochure were registered at the time of going to press .
all hotels and guest houses in this brochure were [signed up] at the time of going to press .

However , circumstances can change , and you are invited to contact the offices listed below to ascertain whether your chosen establishment is currently registered .
however , circumstances can change , and you are invited to contact the offices listed below to ascertain whether your chosen establishment is currently [signed up] .

( f ) Every registered broker or dealer shall establish , maintain , and enforce written policies and procedures reasonably designed , taking into consideration the nature of such broker 's or dealer 's business , to prevent the misuse in violation of this title , or the rules or regulations thereunder , of material , nonpublic information by such broker or dealer or any person associated with such broker or dealer .
( f ) every [signed up] broker or dealer shall establish , maintain , and enforce written policies and procedures reasonably designed , taking into consideration the nature of such broker 's or dealer 's business , to prevent the misuse in violation of this title , or the rules or regulations thereunder , of material , nonpublic information by such broker or dealer or any person associated with such broker or dealer .

This task is being undertaken by HealthWatch , a registered charity .
this task is being undertaken by healthwatch , a [signed up] charity .

The public has to distinguish between highly qualified professionals like psychiatrists and psychologists at one end of the range and , at the other end of the range , discriminate between self styled doctors untrained in diagnosis and registered medical practitioners .
the public has to distinguish between highly qualified professionals like psychiatrists and psychologists at one end of the range and , at the other end of the range , discriminate between self styled doctors untrained in diagnosis and [signed up] medical practitioners .

The practices concerned had 129000 registered patients and carried out 413 – 9000 consultations , which led to 17121 referrals to a named hospital in one year .
the practices concerned had 129000 [signed up] patients and carried out 413 – 9000 consultations , which led to 17121 referrals to a named hospital in one year .

The rate of referral to hospital was 4.2 per 100 consultations or 13.3 per 100 registered patients , which is similar to the results reported by Wilkin and Smith in Manchester and by Bradlow et al in Oxfordshire .
the rate of referral to hospital was 4.2 per 100 consultations or 13.3 per 100 [signed up] patients , which is similar to the results reported by wilkin and smith in manchester and by bradlow et al in oxfordshire .

By extrapolation it is estimated that , over one year , there were 16 acute admissions to hospital from the practices per 1000 registered population , a figure identical with that in the third national morbidity survey .
by extrapolation it is estimated that , over one year , there were 16 acute admissions to hospital from the practices per 1000 [signed up] population , a figure identical with that in the third national morbidity survey .

Nevertheless , there are now over 400 officially registered grape growers in England and Wales , most of whom make wine , and most in the South of England .
nevertheless , there are now over 400 officially [signed up] grape growers in england and wales , most of whom make wine , and most in the south of england .

Ex-servicemen lost their dependants ' allowances along with their donation the following year and in June 1921 , when the number of registered unemployed stood at over two million , unemployment benefit rates were cut .
ex-servicemen lost their dependants ' allowances along with their donation the following year and in june 1921 , when the number of [signed up] unemployed stood at over two million , unemployment benefit rates were cut .

Pre-school child care , for example , when socialised and undertaken by registered childminders or in nurseries and creches , is subject to stringent regulations .
pre-school child care , for example , when socialised and undertaken by [signed up] childminders or in nurseries and creches , is subject to stringent regulations .

The most conclusive win for any side in the history of the Senior Cup was registered by Ilford in 1929 , when they beat Barking 8–0 .
the most conclusive win for any side in the history of the senior cup was [signed up] by ilford in 1929 , when they beat barking 8–0 .

where an item is to be commercially reproduced this will come within design right protection or registered design right protection , and this should be checked .
where an item is to be commercially reproduced this will come within design right protection or [signed up] design right protection , and this should be checked .

Copyright comes into force immediately on completion or publication of the work and does not normally have to be recorded or registered .
copyright comes into force immediately on completion or publication of the work and does not normally have to be recorded or [signed up] .

Design work can also be registered by application to the Design Registry ( ass address ) .
design work can also be [signed up] by application to the design registry ( ass address ) .

The design must be new and once registered , will be protected for 25 years .
the design must be new and once [signed up] , will be protected for 25 years .

We may too readily have mocked the Tory ladies in their funny hats advocating primitive retribution , for what the socialist movement has not registered is that these ladies articulate a collective fear which women share .
we may too readily have mocked the tory ladies in their funny hats advocating primitive retribution , for what the socialist movement has not [signed up] is that these ladies articulate a collective fear which women share .

The sponsorship came about through Hunterston health physics monitor Bernie Andrews who is a registered amateur football referee .
the sponsorship came about through hunterston health physics monitor bernie andrews who is a [signed up] amateur football referee .

Registered Insurance Brokers have their own Code of Conduct .
[signed up] insurance brokers have their own code of conduct .

Registered Insurance Brokers have their own Code of Conduct .
[signed up] insurance brokers have their own code of conduct .

Registered Insurance Brokers have their own Code of Conduct .
[signed up] insurance brokers have their own code of conduct .

Registered Insurance Brokers have their own Code of Conduct .
[signed up] insurance brokers have their own code of conduct .

Registered Insurance Brokers have their own Code of Conduct .
[signed up] insurance brokers have their own code of conduct .

Registered Insurance Brokers have their own Code of Conduct .
[signed up] insurance brokers have their own code of conduct .

Registered Insurance Brokers have their own Code of Conduct .
[signed up] insurance brokers have their own code of conduct .

The Corporation may cancel this Policy by sending seven days notice by registered letter to the Policyholder at his last known address and in such event will return to the Policyholder the premium less the pro rata portion thereof for the period the Policy has been in force or the Policy may be cancelled at any time by the Policyholder on seven days notice and ( provided no claim has arisen during the then current period of insurance ( subject to the relative International Motor Insurance Card ( Green Card ) being returned to the Corporation the Policyholder shall be entitled to a return of the premium less premium at the Corporations short period rates for the time the Policy has been in force calculated from the date upon which such Card is received by the Corporation .
the corporation may cancel this policy by sending seven days notice by [signed up] letter to the policyholder at his last known address and in such event will return to the policyholder the premium less the pro rata portion thereof for the period the policy has been in force or the policy may be cancelled at any time by the policyholder on seven days notice and ( provided no claim has arisen during the then current period of insurance ( subject to the relative international motor insurance card ( green card ) being returned to the corporation the policyholder shall be entitled to a return of the premium less premium at the corporations short period rates for the time the policy has been in force calculated from the date upon which such card is received by the corporation .

Registered Insurance Brokers have their own Code of Conduct .
[signed up] insurance brokers have their own code of conduct .

Entries to the examinations must be made through a registered Local Centre .
entries to the examinations must be made through a [signed up] local centre .

Entries to the examinations must be made through a registered Local centre .
entries to the examinations must be made through a [signed up] local centre .

Forms of proxy must reach the Company 's Share Registrars , or the registered office of the Company , not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the holding of the meeting .
forms of proxy must reach the company 's share registrars , or the [signed up] office of the company , not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the holding of the meeting .

Copies of contracts of service ( unless expiring or determinable by the employing company without payment of compensation within one year ) of any Director of the Company with the Company or any of its subsidiaries will be available for the inspection by members at the registered office of the Company during usual business hours on any week day ( Saturday excepted ) from the date of this notice until the date of the Annual General Meeting and on the day of the Meeting at Hotel Conrad for 15 minutes prior to and until the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting .
copies of contracts of service ( unless expiring or determinable by the employing company without payment of compensation within one year ) of any director of the company with the company or any of its subsidiaries will be available for the inspection by members at the [signed up] office of the company during usual business hours on any week day ( saturday excepted ) from the date of this notice until the date of the annual general meeting and on the day of the meeting at hotel conrad for 15 minutes prior to and until the conclusion of the annual general meeting .

The chart shows the number of modules for which each student registered last session .
the chart shows the number of modules for which each student [signed up] last session .

‘ Candidates registered ’ refers to the number of candidates with at least one module enrolment active during the session .
‘ candidates [signed up] ’ refers to the number of candidates with at least one module enrolment active during the session .

Our new computer system is intended to monitor course registrations , but more students have registered than were represented on the computer printout .
our new computer system is intended to monitor course registrations , but more students have [signed up] than were represented on the computer printout .

Notification arising under Items 1 or 2 shall be to the Head Office of the Society and shall be by Post Office Registered or Recorded Delivery or shall be delivered by hand .
notification arising under items 1 or 2 shall be to the head office of the society and shall be by post office [signed up] or recorded delivery or shall be delivered by hand .

The first students in Business Administration and Applied Computing were registered by the University in September 1992 .
the first students in business administration and applied computing were [signed up] by the university in september 1992 .

For example , a school with 100 pupils which registered them twice daily would have 200 possible attendances per day in the register and 1000 possible attendances per week .
for example , a school with 100 pupils which [signed up] them twice daily would have 200 possible attendances per day in the register and 1000 possible attendances per week .

Registered members receive updated contact lists twice a year .
[signed up] members receive updated contact lists twice a year .

For example , a school with 100 pupils which registered them twice daily would have 200 possible attendances per day in the register .
for example , a school with 100 pupils which [signed up] them twice daily would have 200 possible attendances per day in the register .

In contrast , it is noteworthy that pupils skipping a lesson here and there , having registered as present , was not seen as a problem by headteachers .
in contrast , it is noteworthy that pupils skipping a lesson here and there , having [signed up] as present , was not seen as a problem by headteachers .

Those of you who have registered as members of the network will have received with this second issue of the Bulletin a list of other who have also registered .
those of you who have [signed up] as members of the network will have received with this second issue of the bulletin a list of other who have also [signed up] .

After we are registered we go into assembly and listen to one of the teachers or a guest speaking for ten minutes .
after we are [signed up] we go into assembly and listen to one of the teachers or a guest speaking for ten minutes .

Students can not be registered until fees are received in full and fees must have been paid before tutors begin teaching .
students can not be [signed up] until fees are received in full and fees must have been paid before tutors begin teaching .

There was a request to Council to investigate the position of those who had completed the first module but were not registered and whether they should be allowed to attend the Keele Conference .
there was a request to council to investigate the position of those who had completed the first module but were not [signed up] and whether they should be allowed to attend the keele conference .

Candidates are registered in the first instance as supervised postgraduate students .
candidates are [signed up] in the first instance as supervised postgraduate students .

Where a Master 's degree course is paired with one for a Diploma , students are registered concurrently for both qualifications .
where a master 's degree course is paired with one for a diploma , students are [signed up] concurrently for both qualifications .

Candidates who are admitted to study for the PhD , MLitt or MPhil are registered first under the designation of ‘ supervised postgraduate student ’ .
candidates who are admitted to study for the phd , mlitt or mphil are [signed up] first under the designation of ‘ supervised postgraduate student ’ .

If progress during this initial period is satisfactory , the student is then registered for the appropriate degree , e.g .
if progress during this initial period is satisfactory , the student is then [signed up] for the appropriate degree , e.g .

The time that the candidate has been registered as a supervised postgraduate student will normally count towards the period of study prescribed for the degree .
the time that the candidate has been [signed up] as a supervised postgraduate student will normally count towards the period of study prescribed for the degree .

Registered postgraduate students may be required to provide a contribution to fieldwork costs , in addition to the fees and research costs set out above .
[signed up] postgraduate students may be required to provide a contribution to fieldwork costs , in addition to the fees and research costs set out above .

During the academic year , the Institute runs special programmes , free of charge , on behalf of the University , for postgraduate students registered for a degree who need help with improving their English .
during the academic year , the institute runs special programmes , free of charge , on behalf of the university , for postgraduate students [signed up] for a degree who need help with improving their english .

The nursery is situated at 79 and 81 Dalkeith Road and is registered for 18 children aged from 6 weeks to 2 years and for 30 children aged from 2 to 5 years old .
the nursery is situated at 79 and 81 dalkeith road and is [signed up] for 18 children aged from 6 weeks to 2 years and for 30 children aged from 2 to 5 years old .

The School offers supervision for candidates for the degrees of MLitt or PhD and other registered postgraduate students .
the school offers supervision for candidates for the degrees of mlitt or phd and other [signed up] postgraduate students .

Currently there are approximately 230 postgraduate students registered in the Faculty .
currently there are approximately 230 postgraduate students [signed up] in the faculty .

Over the past sixty years the buildings housing the scientific laboratories and teaching classrooms have been built up and the population of students and staff has grown until there are now nearly one thousand registered postgraduate students and over one thousand academic , research and support staff .
over the past sixty years the buildings housing the scientific laboratories and teaching classrooms have been built up and the population of students and staff has grown until there are now nearly one thousand [signed up] postgraduate students and over one thousand academic , research and support staff .

Research postgraduates are registered as ‘ supervised postgraduate students ’ in the first instance .
research postgraduates are [signed up] as ‘ supervised postgraduate students ’ in the first instance .

The Centre of Canadian Studies welcomes postgraduate students , registered in any department , who may have an interest in Canada .
the centre of canadian studies welcomes postgraduate students , [signed up] in any department , who may have an interest in canada .

Applicants are registered in the first instance as supervised postgraduate students ; this initial period will count towards the minimum period of study for the degree .
applicants are [signed up] in the first instance as supervised postgraduate students ; this initial period will count towards the minimum period of study for the degree .

Complicated mechanisms networking his body buzzed and purred , as sensors woven into his scalp registered minuscule fluctuations of electrical resistance upon Laura 's skin .
complicated mechanisms networking his body buzzed and purred , as sensors woven into his scalp [signed up] minuscule fluctuations of electrical resistance upon laura 's skin .

Stewart Ross 's face registered a minor panic .
stewart ross 's face [signed up] a minor panic .

University Registered Accommodation .
university [signed up] accommodation .

Each cohort of students will be admitted to only one institution and will normally remain registered with that institution until graduation .
each cohort of students will be admitted to only one institution and will normally remain [signed up] with that institution until graduation .

Zen was still irrationally worried that Gianluigi might walk in at any moment , hunting rifle in hand . Or would he use the other gun , the little 4.5mm pistol registered in Cinzia 's name ? Where was that kept ?
zen was still irrationally worried that gianluigi might walk in at any moment , hunting rifle in hand . or would he use the other gun , the little 4.5mm pistol [signed up] in cinzia 's name ? where was that kept ?

Their driver escorted them into the foyer and made sure they registered .
their driver escorted them into the foyer and made sure they [signed up] .

Phone the Plumbing Help Line on 01-468 7767 if you would like information on where to find a local plumber registered with the Institute of Plumbing .
phone the plumbing help line on 01-468 7767 if you would like information on where to find a local plumber [signed up] with the institute of plumbing .

All endoscopically proved ulcer relapses were then registered .
all endoscopically proved ulcer relapses were then [signed up] .

The population of Finland is registered on the census list based statistics that are updated annually .
the population of finland is [signed up] on the census list based statistics that are updated annually .

Gastrointestinal symptoms ( abdominal pain , diarrhoea , anorexia ) as well as extraintestinal manifestations were registered on standardised forms .
gastrointestinal symptoms ( abdominal pain , diarrhoea , anorexia ) as well as extraintestinal manifestations were [signed up] on standardised forms .

All Henley postgraduate students are registered at Brunel University which also confers the degree .
all henley postgraduate students are [signed up] at brunel university which also confers the degree .

Degree programme members are registered at Brunel University which also confers the degree .
degree programme members are [signed up] at brunel university which also confers the degree .

Around 300 children with sickle cell disease are registered at King 's College Hospital .
around 300 children with sickle cell disease are [signed up] at king 's college hospital .

This was followed by a ‘ What did you say ? ’ in what , for Lisabeth , passed as a whisper but probably registered on a seismograph somewhere in California .
this was followed by a ‘ what did you say ? ’ in what , for lisabeth , passed as a whisper but probably [signed up] on a seismograph somewhere in california .

Everything gets registered by Mr Sorley so he knows how much work we 've done and how much to bill the clients .
everything gets [signed up] by mr sorley so he knows how much work we 've done and how much to bill the clients .

This staggered Mrs Funnell into silence , and her feelings were registered on her grim face as she watched this husband and wife whom she had never liked , classing them as common , dragging the almost inert figure up and down the bedroom .
this staggered mrs funnell into silence , and her feelings were [signed up] on her grim face as she watched this husband and wife whom she had never liked , classing them as common , dragging the almost inert figure up and down the bedroom .

On Monday morning he registered the death and spent some time with Shrimpton — the lawyer — his father 's accountant , and the bank manager .
on monday morning he [signed up] the death and spent some time with shrimpton — the lawyer — his father 's accountant , and the bank manager .

About an hour before these last events were taking place , the American tourists had registered into the two-star Swan Hotel in Stratford- Stratford-upon- ( definitelydefinitely ‘ upon ’ ) Avon .
about an hour before these last events were taking place , the american tourists had [signed up] into the two-star swan hotel in stratford- stratford-upon- ( definitelydefinitely ‘ upon ’ ) avon .

Once registered , the details can not be altered .
once [signed up] , the details can not be altered .

The Product must already exist and must not have been registered .
the product must already exist and must not have been [signed up] .

The Product can only be registered if a known Product package and Package version have been entered using option 5.1.2 — Update Product .
the product can only be [signed up] if a known product package and package version have been entered using option 5.1.2 — update product .

The identifier/title of the Product to be registered .
the identifier/title of the product to be [signed up] .

The Product must already exist and must not have been registered .
the product must already exist and must not have been [signed up] .

The Product must already exist and must have been registered .
the product must already exist and must have been [signed up] .

The Product must already exist and must have been registered .
the product must already exist and must have been [signed up] .

When updating the block size for any media type , you should note that any media items already registered will not be updated ; only new media items will have the updated block size for that media type .
when updating the block size for any media type , you should note that any media items already [signed up] will not be updated ; only new media items will have the updated block size for that media type .

Product has already been registered
product has already been [signed up]

You have tried to either update a product which has already been registered or to register a product which has already been registered .
you have tried to either update a product which has already been [signed up] or to register a product which has already been [signed up] .

You should enter the name of a product which has not been registered previously or quit the option .
you should enter the name of a product which has not been [signed up] previously or quit the option .

Product not registered
product not [signed up]

Product registered successfully
product [signed up] successfully

It was a simple task to find Moses Downer 's birth registered twenty-one years earlier under the registration district of Fordingbridge , not many miles away just across the Hampshire county boundary .
it was a simple task to find moses downer 's birth [signed up] twenty-one years earlier under the registration district of fordingbridge , not many miles away just across the hampshire county boundary .

In 1987 it registered profits of an impressive £6.2 million .
in 1987 it [signed up] profits of an impressive £6.2 million .

The views of the electorate can be registered only very occasionally , if at all , and in the most general terms the side of the political spectrum they fall on is identified .
the views of the electorate can be [signed up] only very occasionally , if at all , and in the most general terms the side of the political spectrum they fall on is identified .

Once the application has been registered the court fee can not be refunded .
once the application has been [signed up] the court fee can not be refunded .

This year , 10,222 visitors were registered .
this year , 10,222 visitors were [signed up] .

Its registered visitors attendance totaled 8,119 ( 1,167 from overseas ) .
its [signed up] visitors attendance totaled 8,119 ( 1,167 from overseas ) .

Charitable status , registered number 326180 , was obtained on May 21 , 1982 .
charitable status , [signed up] number 326180 , was obtained on may 21 , 1982 .

Among the parties to be registered before the June elections were Hezbollah , the Algerian Party for the Maghreb Rebirth , and the Arab and Islamic Union .
among the parties to be [signed up] before the june elections were hezbollah , the algerian party for the maghreb rebirth , and the arab and islamic union .

The Botswana Labour Party , registered in September 1989 , said that it would not align itself either with communism or capitalism ; most of its officials were former members of the opposition Botswana National Front .
the botswana labour party , [signed up] in september 1989 , said that it would not align itself either with communism or capitalism ; most of its officials were former members of the opposition botswana national front .

On May 3 all seven registered political parties decided that they would not participate in the proposed assembly , in view of the Military Council 's determination to continue the suspension of political activity .
on may 3 all seven [signed up] political parties decided that they would not participate in the proposed assembly , in view of the military council 's determination to continue the suspension of political activity .

37104-05 ] , political parties had proliferated , with 82 registered before the elections .
37104-05 ] , political parties had proliferated , with 82 [signed up] before the elections .

Total votes cast : 14,826,616 ( of which 447,933 were annulled ) out of 17,200,722 registered voters .
total votes cast : 14,826,616 ( of which 447,933 were annulled ) out of 17,200,722 [signed up] voters .

Registered political parties in Mongolia , May 1990
[signed up] political parties in mongolia , may 1990

Those who had been in Italy before the end of 1989 and who registered within an appointed time limit were to be allowed to remain in the country and would be granted rights to medical care , schooling and equality of opportunity in relation to employment .
those who had been in italy before the end of 1989 and who [signed up] within an appointed time limit were to be allowed to remain in the country and would be granted rights to medical care , schooling and equality of opportunity in relation to employment .

The economy registered a 6 per cent growth in 1989 , with government projections anticipating a 5.5 per cent growth rate for 1990 .
the economy [signed up] a 6 per cent growth in 1989 , with government projections anticipating a 5.5 per cent growth rate for 1990 .

Inflation reached 4 per cent in 1989 , slightly over the 3.8 per cent registered in 1988 , while salaries rose by 4.3 per cent in real terms .
inflation reached 4 per cent in 1989 , slightly over the 3.8 per cent [signed up] in 1988 , while salaries rose by 4.3 per cent in real terms .

Scandinavian seamen 's unions called for an end to the use of flags of convenience in Scandinavian waters ( ships ' safety precautions being the responsibility of the country with which they were registered ) .
scandinavian seamen 's unions called for an end to the use of flags of convenience in scandinavian waters ( ships ' safety precautions being the responsibility of the country with which they were [signed up] ) .

Of the 1,274 joint ventures with foreign companies registered by the end of 1989 , only 184 were actually operating .
of the 1,274 joint ventures with foreign companies [signed up] by the end of 1989 , only 184 were actually operating .

The Mongolian Religious Democratic Party , chaired by Tserengiyn Bayarsuren , was founded in late June [ for list of parties registered as of May 1990 see p. 37454 ] .
the mongolian religious democratic party , chaired by tserengiyn bayarsuren , was founded in late june [ for list of parties [signed up] as of may 1990 see p. 37454 ] .

According to a report in the Neue Zurcher Zeitung of Jan. 10 , 1990 , the European Commission of Human Rights , to which plaintiffs turned in the first instance , had registered 1,445 cases brought by individuals or private organizations in 1989 ( a 40 per cent increase on the previous year ) .
according to a report in the neue zurcher zeitung of jan. 10 , 1990 , the european commission of human rights , to which plaintiffs turned in the first instance , had [signed up] 1,445 cases brought by individuals or private organizations in 1989 ( a 40 per cent increase on the previous year ) .

Having missed the deadline to register as a Democratic candidate in the November elections , he resigned from the party on Aug. 13 and registered as an independent .
having missed the deadline to register as a democratic candidate in the november elections , he resigned from the party on aug. 13 and [signed up] as an independent .

Internal autonomy was introduced in Greenland on May 1 , 1979 [ see p. 29692 ] , after 70.1 per cent of registered voters in Greenland had approved this step in a referendum in January 1979 [ see p. 29487 ] .
internal autonomy was introduced in greenland on may 1 , 1979 [ see p. 29692 ] , after 70.1 per cent of [signed up] voters in greenland had approved this step in a referendum in january 1979 [ see p. 29487 ] .

Official returns showed that `` over 99.99 per cent of registered voters participated in the voting `` and `` over 99.99 per cent of voters `` voted for candidates of the Democratic Front .
official returns showed that `` over 99.99 per cent of [signed up] voters participated in the voting `` and `` over 99.99 per cent of voters `` voted for candidates of the democratic front .

Legally registered only since late February , Rukh also performed well in the west of the republic ( a nationalist heartland ) , where it took control of the Lvov city soviet .
legally [signed up] only since late february , rukh also performed well in the west of the republic ( a nationalist heartland ) , where it took control of the lvov city soviet .

The total number of registered voters was 1,732,000 aged 16 and over .
the total number of [signed up] voters was 1,732,000 aged 16 and over .

This meant a ban on all unauthorized rallies , marches and ballots , and greater legal supervision of registered public organizations such as the nationalist Moldavian Popular Front and rival groups representing the Russian and other minority populations in the republic .
this meant a ban on all unauthorized rallies , marches and ballots , and greater legal supervision of [signed up] public organizations such as the nationalist moldavian popular front and rival groups representing the russian and other minority populations in the republic .

In fact , Japan 's trade surplus registered declines for nine consecutive months during 1989 and recorded an overall 17 per cent drop for the whole year , from $ 77,600 million in 1988 to $ 64,400 million .
in fact , japan 's trade surplus [signed up] declines for nine consecutive months during 1989 and recorded an overall 17 per cent drop for the whole year , from $ 77,600 million in 1988 to $ 64,400 million .

The state economic sector was reported in December 1989 by government economists to have registered a 3 per cent increase in its industrial output in 1989 , and contributed 800,000 million dong to the state budget — 40,000 million dong more than in 1988 .
the state economic sector was reported in december 1989 by government economists to have [signed up] a 3 per cent increase in its industrial output in 1989 , and contributed 800,000 million dong to the state budget — 40,000 million dong more than in 1988 .

For many of the larger investors in gilt-edged stock , their investments are tax-free ( approved pension funds , life assurance companies in respect of their pension business , registered friendly societies ) so this distinction is irrelevant ; but for others subject to tax ( banks , building societies , many personal investors ) it is obviously of importance .
for many of the larger investors in gilt-edged stock , their investments are tax-free ( approved pension funds , life assurance companies in respect of their pension business , [signed up] friendly societies ) so this distinction is irrelevant ; but for others subject to tax ( banks , building societies , many personal investors ) it is obviously of importance .

From collections of legal formulae we know something about the local archives of a city , in which wills and other actions were registered , and we find various officials , the defensor , curator , magister militum and other members of the local curia being called upon to open the archives for the registration of new grants , but we have Formularies only from a small number of civitates , and their contents are not often datable , except to the period before the ninth century , when most of them were written down .
from collections of legal formulae we know something about the local archives of a city , in which wills and other actions were [signed up] , and we find various officials , the defensor , curator , magister militum and other members of the local curia being called upon to open the archives for the registration of new grants , but we have formularies only from a small number of civitates , and their contents are not often datable , except to the period before the ninth century , when most of them were written down .

By 1859 , `` for example , `` two-thirds of all registered students at Moscow University were exempt from fees `` .
by 1859 , `` for example , `` two-thirds of all [signed up] students at moscow university were exempt from fees `` .

[ No shares or other securities of the Company have been registered or otherwise qualified for sale or resale under Federal or State laws in the United States of America or Canada .
[ no shares or other securities of the company have been [signed up] or otherwise qualified for sale or resale under federal or state laws in the united states of america or canada .

[ ] Plc whose registered office and postal address is [ ] .
[ ] plc whose [signed up] office and postal address is [ ] .

[ Either home address or company registered or trading address ]
[ either home address or company [signed up] or trading address ]

The Vendor is the beneficial owner free from liens , charges , encumbrances and adverse claims and ( wherever possible ) the registered proprietor of the Listed Intellectual Property Rights and such rights are valid and enforceable .
the vendor is the beneficial owner free from liens , charges , encumbrances and adverse claims and ( wherever possible ) the [signed up] proprietor of the listed intellectual property rights and such rights are valid and enforceable .

Then they cleared , registered Curtis 's presence , and looked up to meet his implacable gaze .
then they cleared , [signed up] curtis 's presence , and looked up to meet his implacable gaze .

But in the fraction of time it took for the dogs to renew their attack , Angel One 's combat-trained eye registered something vital .
but in the fraction of time it took for the dogs to renew their attack , angel one 's combat-trained eye [signed up] something vital .

The Flax Trust was established in 1977 and works as a registered charity to promote inter-community reconciliation through economic and social development .
the flax trust was established in 1977 and works as a [signed up] charity to promote inter-community reconciliation through economic and social development .

The official birth certificate shows he was registered as Liam Butler .
the official birth certificate shows he was [signed up] as liam butler .

Pauline Ross 's play resource centre , ‘ Arts and Parts ’ is different from the other businesses as it is a registered charity — so profits go towards the project .
pauline ross 's play resource centre , ‘ arts and parts ’ is different from the other businesses as it is a [signed up] charity — so profits go towards the project .

Since the death of Sir Henry Wellcome in 1936 , the company has been wholly owned by the Wellcome Trust , a registered charity which distributes all profits it receives for the support of medical and allied research in universities and hospitals throughout the world .
since the death of sir henry wellcome in 1936 , the company has been wholly owned by the wellcome trust , a [signed up] charity which distributes all profits it receives for the support of medical and allied research in universities and hospitals throughout the world .

Belatedly the insinuation beneath his cutting sarcasm registered .
belatedly the insinuation beneath his cutting sarcasm [signed up] .

The expression ‘ new ’ in relation to a vehicle is capable of meaning not just in new condition but also that the car has not been registered .
the expression ‘ new ’ in relation to a vehicle is capable of meaning not just in new condition but also that the car has not been [signed up] .

The client is a man from Devon aged 40 who is registered disabled and in receipt of invalidity benefit of £56.10 and higher rate addition of £11.95 .
the client is a man from devon aged 40 who is [signed up] disabled and in receipt of invalidity benefit of £56.10 and higher rate addition of £11.95 .

He wheeled round , and dimly Merrill registered lean height immaculate in dark blue ; then , at closer range , a taut design of no-nonsense features , dark eyebrows drawn in impatience over a straight , imperious nose .
he wheeled round , and dimly merrill [signed up] lean height immaculate in dark blue ; then , at closer range , a taut design of no-nonsense features , dark eyebrows drawn in impatience over a straight , imperious nose .

Registered users will be able to build other libraries of french or any other language .
[signed up] users will be able to build other libraries of french or any other language .

Registered users will receive an updated library of objects ( presently 40 ) to 200 .
[signed up] users will receive an updated library of objects ( presently 40 ) to 200 .

The first lesson in microprocessor technology is available on shareware , another 17 appear in the registered version .
the first lesson in microprocessor technology is available on shareware , another 17 appear in the [signed up] version .

The registered motion path type is potentially one of the most interesting , and also the one that will cause the most problems .
the [signed up] motion path type is potentially one of the most interesting , and also the one that will cause the most problems .

In registered motion paths , you click for each node , and so can accurately define where the actor will be in each frame relative to where it was in the last frame .
in [signed up] motion paths , you click for each node , and so can accurately define where the actor will be in each frame relative to where it was in the last frame .

Those registered users of Word for Windows requiring the upgrade can obtain it from Microsoft for a nominal fee of £7.75inc.VAT .
those [signed up] users of word for windows requiring the upgrade can obtain it from microsoft for a nominal fee of £7.75inc.vat .

Each computer on the network should have its own registered copy of each piece of software unless either a site or networking licence is obtained .
each computer on the network should have its own [signed up] copy of each piece of software unless either a site or networking licence is obtained .

Although only four maps are provided with the shareware version , the registered version comes with a least 25 maps and gives the user access to many more features .
although only four maps are provided with the shareware version , the [signed up] version comes with a least 25 maps and gives the user access to many more features .

Registered users will receive an audio tape to help with pronunciation .
[signed up] users will receive an audio tape to help with pronunciation .

The disc comes with a demo of the course builder you get with the registered version which allows you to place trees , houses and bunkers anywhere to make the course difficult or easy according to abilities .
the disc comes with a demo of the course builder you get with the [signed up] version which allows you to place trees , houses and bunkers anywhere to make the course difficult or easy according to abilities .

Some fix no real limits to the evaluation period , only stating that if used for productive work it must be registered .
some fix no real limits to the evaluation period , only stating that if used for productive work it must be [signed up] .

This may include a printed manual , extra functionality in the registered version and product support by telephone or fax .
this may include a printed manual , extra functionality in the [signed up] version and product support by telephone or fax .

Most changes concern the registered package which offers a special security feature , although there are a number of small bug fixes and support for even larger executable files .
most changes concern the [signed up] package which offers a special security feature , although there are a number of small bug fixes and support for even larger executable files .

’ , with others , it 's ‘ if you 're a registered user of the product , you can upgrade to the latest release for the cost of the disks , or even download it from our Bulletin Board System .
’ , with others , it 's ‘ if you 're a [signed up] user of the product , you can upgrade to the latest release for the cost of the disks , or even download it from our bulletin board system .

Some companies offer low-cost and free upgrades only to registered users of the product in question .
some companies offer low-cost and free upgrades only to [signed up] users of the product in question .

If you 're not registered , and want the latest version , you 've got to pay the full whack ( less any discounts the dealer might offer you ) .
if you 're not [signed up] , and want the latest version , you 've got to pay the full whack ( less any discounts the dealer might offer you ) .

Bug fixes are quite often sent out as a matter of course to registered users — non-registered users might never get to hear about them , and be stuck with bugged software .
bug fixes are quite often sent out as a matter of course to [signed up] users — non-registered users might never get to hear about them , and be stuck with bugged software .

The taxmen are also concerned about the people — far fewer — who have registered but should not have done so .
the taxmen are also concerned about the people — far fewer — who have [signed up] but should not have done so .

To become registered as a bone marrow donor you must be : —
to become [signed up] as a bone marrow donor you must be : —

She shifted restlessly beneath him , her heart pounding out of control as she registered the powerful interplay of muscle and sinew .
she shifted restlessly beneath him , her heart pounding out of control as she [signed up] the powerful interplay of muscle and sinew .

His gaze flickered as the movement registered and , horrified at her own gesture of betrayal , Gina let her hand fall to her side .
his gaze flickered as the movement [signed up] and , horrified at her own gesture of betrayal , gina let her hand fall to her side .

‘ Why — why are n't you at the party ? ’ she asked tremulously , her thought processes shattered by shock , as she registered the formal pale grey suit he was wearing , the immaculate white shirt and grey and maroon tie .
‘ why — why are n't you at the party ? ’ she asked tremulously , her thought processes shattered by shock , as she [signed up] the formal pale grey suit he was wearing , the immaculate white shirt and grey and maroon tie .

Overall , 21,433 writers registered last year , against 20,203 in 1991 .
overall , 21,433 writers [signed up] last year , against 20,203 in 1991 .

When the first payments were made in 1984 only 7,500 authors had registered .
when the first payments were made in 1984 only 7,500 authors had [signed up] .

An 8.4 % stake in Hachette held by a Panamanian registered company linked to Iraqi interests allegedly acting for Saddam Hussein will be reduced to 1.8 % as a result of the merger .
an 8.4 % stake in hachette held by a panamanian [signed up] company linked to iraqi interests allegedly acting for saddam hussein will be reduced to 1.8 % as a result of the merger .

Registered images are used to assess the degree of change that has occurred during the time-period represented by the two images .
[signed up] images are used to assess the degree of change that has occurred during the time-period represented by the two images .

Given a raw Landsat image ( centre ) and a map of the area of interest ( left ) a corrected image , registered to the map , is required .
given a raw landsat image ( centre ) and a map of the area of interest ( left ) a corrected image , [signed up] to the map , is required .

This registered image is derived by taking the x , y map coordinates of points corresponding to pixel centres on the registered image and locating the point on the raw image .
this [signed up] image is derived by taking the x , y map coordinates of points corresponding to pixel centres on the [signed up] image and locating the point on the raw image .

The pixel value in the raw image closest to the computed point is placed at location x , y in the registered image .
the pixel value in the raw image closest to the computed point is placed at location x , y in the [signed up] image .

Lambert 's mind registered the presence of aircraft high above , but they were irrelevant .
lambert 's mind [signed up] the presence of aircraft high above , but they were irrelevant .

Crawford registered his name as ‘ Michael Patrick Smith ’ and his job as ‘ photographer ’ .
crawford [signed up] his name as ‘ michael patrick smith ’ and his job as ‘ photographer ’ .

Then through the decade of price hikes , it registered $ 17.5 billion in 1974 , $ 21.6 billion in 1977 , but relaxed to $ 20.9 billion in 1978 and $ 20.8 billion in 1979 , crumbling to $ 11.6 billion in 1980 .
then through the decade of price hikes , it [signed up] $ 17.5 billion in 1974 , $ 21.6 billion in 1977 , but relaxed to $ 20.9 billion in 1978 and $ 20.8 billion in 1979 , crumbling to $ 11.6 billion in 1980 .

From 1984 to 1988 there were 490 attacks registered , of which 270 were attributed to Iraq and 220 to Iran .
from 1984 to 1988 there were 490 attacks [signed up] , of which 270 were attributed to iraq and 220 to iran .

The panel discussions , which included the voices of aboriginal midwives as well as registered nurses , took on a different meaning in this medical environment .
the panel discussions , which included the voices of aboriginal midwives as well as [signed up] nurses , took on a different meaning in this medical environment .

Prism is a registered charity based in Cumbria . For further information , contact
prism is a [signed up] charity based in cumbria . for further information , contact

It is thus precisely through a clearly registered refusal to withdraw from the day-to-day pleasures of thinking , listening , looking and feeling that the sensual references within these paintings remain anchored within socially experienced and theoretically informed sensibilities .
it is thus precisely through a clearly [signed up] refusal to withdraw from the day-to-day pleasures of thinking , listening , looking and feeling that the sensual references within these paintings remain anchored within socially experienced and theoretically informed sensibilities .

We have our own Ministry registered salmonella testing laboratory with around 8000 raw materials and animal rations assayed annually .
we have our own ministry [signed up] salmonella testing laboratory with around 8000 raw materials and animal rations assayed annually .

Copies of the draft Rules of the new Executive Share Option Scheme ( which are subject to modification to satisfy Inland Revenue requirements ) will be available for inspection during normal business houses on any weekday ( Saturdays and Public Holidays excepted ) up to the date of the Meeting at the offices of Hill Samuel Bank Ltd , , at the Registered Office of the Company and also at the meeting itself .
copies of the draft rules of the new executive share option scheme ( which are subject to modification to satisfy inland revenue requirements ) will be available for inspection during normal business houses on any weekday ( saturdays and public holidays excepted ) up to the date of the meeting at the offices of hill samuel bank ltd , , at the [signed up] office of the company and also at the meeting itself .

Nowhere else have the enormous changes which the machine industry has made in our social life registered themselves with such obviousness as in the cities .
nowhere else have the enormous changes which the machine industry has made in our social life [signed up] themselves with such obviousness as in the cities .

‘ Registered office ? ’
‘ [signed up] office ? ’

Of seventy-four listed ports in 1772 , 59 had less than 500 registered tons active in foreign trade , while the seven who exceeded 10,000 tons accounted for 81.7 per cent of the total .
of seventy-four listed ports in 1772 , 59 had less than 500 [signed up] tons active in foreign trade , while the seven who exceeded 10,000 tons accounted for 81.7 per cent of the total .

Robyn 's eyes registered the rich blue carpet , the cream walls , and then something else registered ; something else mattered more than feeling sick and cold and terrible .
robyn 's eyes [signed up] the rich blue carpet , the cream walls , and then something else [signed up] ; something else mattered more than feeling sick and cold and terrible .

She saw his eyes slip a fraction , registered the all too familiar male gleam in his eyes , and with a swift glance at her gaping robe knew exactly what he meant .
she saw his eyes slip a fraction , [signed up] the all too familiar male gleam in his eyes , and with a swift glance at her gaping robe knew exactly what he meant .

Robyn , doing her best to ignore the almost overwhelming feeling of pure dislike which she had for this man , glanced at the ornate carriage clock beside the bed , registered the time slowly and looked aghast . ‘ But it 's only seven o'clock ! Why the hurry ? ’
robyn , doing her best to ignore the almost overwhelming feeling of pure dislike which she had for this man , glanced at the ornate carriage clock beside the bed , [signed up] the time slowly and looked aghast . ‘ but it 's only seven o'clock ! why the hurry ? ’

Robyn looked down at the black bin-liner in her hands , looked up to where he sat , registered the determined , quietly angry expression on his face and then looked at the fountain .
robyn looked down at the black bin-liner in her hands , looked up to where he sat , [signed up] the determined , quietly angry expression on his face and then looked at the fountain .

Robyn noticed every detail in a fraction of a second , registered the thought that he looked so wonderful that it did n't bear thinking about , and then she asked , with deliberate bluntness , ‘ What do you want ?
robyn noticed every detail in a fraction of a second , [signed up] the thought that he looked so wonderful that it did n't bear thinking about , and then she asked , with deliberate bluntness , ‘ what do you want ?

’ She registered the change of tone — hardened , icy , just like her own .
’ she [signed up] the change of tone — hardened , icy , just like her own .

Robyn saw it , registered , but did n't understand the wicked gleam in his eyes .
robyn saw it , [signed up] , but did n't understand the wicked gleam in his eyes .

She stared after him furiously , splashing the water ineffectually in his direction , and registered anger , pure and intense , racing through every vein in her body .
she stared after him furiously , splashing the water ineffectually in his direction , and [signed up] anger , pure and intense , racing through every vein in her body .

Since restrictive practices legislation was first introduced , almost 5000 agreements have been registered , the vast majority of which were abandoned even before they were taken to the Court .
since restrictive practices legislation was first introduced , almost 5000 agreements have been [signed up] , the vast majority of which were abandoned even before they were taken to the court .

The next time she returned to consciousness she discovered that the whole right side of her face was numb , and that was all she registered .
the next time she returned to consciousness she discovered that the whole right side of her face was numb , and that was all she [signed up] .

He put the candle-holder down on it , then turned towards her , and before she could stop him he gave her a kiss so gentle that it hardly registered , and she stared at him , wide-eyed , put her hand to where he had saluted her , and said huskily , ‘ No , ’ although what she meant by that neither he nor she knew .
he put the candle-holder down on it , then turned towards her , and before she could stop him he gave her a kiss so gentle that it hardly [signed up] , and she stared at him , wide-eyed , put her hand to where he had saluted her , and said huskily , ‘ no , ’ although what she meant by that neither he nor she knew .

Dr Neil registered how withdrawn she was , and once they were back home hot , sugary tea was poured down her in a constant stream , and then , despite the warmth of the day , Matey put a shawl around her shoulders and made her sit near the fire .
dr neil [signed up] how withdrawn she was , and once they were back home hot , sugary tea was poured down her in a constant stream , and then , despite the warmth of the day , matey put a shawl around her shoulders and made her sit near the fire .

Escalating concern over the global environment is finally registered by world leaders .
escalating concern over the global environment is finally [signed up] by world leaders .

Furthermore , it is crucial that those already in the profession — whether students , auxiliaries , enrolled , registered or specialist nurses — have the opportunity to seek the nursing career that they desire through adequate educational facilities , which must also take account of developments such as nurse prescribing and nurse practitioners .
furthermore , it is crucial that those already in the profession — whether students , auxiliaries , enrolled , [signed up] or specialist nurses — have the opportunity to seek the nursing career that they desire through adequate educational facilities , which must also take account of developments such as nurse prescribing and nurse practitioners .

The managing director of one of the biggest of such organisations attached to this place is registered as a Member 's secretary or research assistant .
the managing director of one of the biggest of such organisations attached to this place is [signed up] as a member 's secretary or research assistant .

of all registered children , 14 per cent .
of all [signed up] children , 14 per cent .

Gentleman is well aware that enforcing the quota is simply not practicable since there are not sufficient numbers of registered disabled people to fill the quota .
gentleman is well aware that enforcing the quota is simply not practicable since there are not sufficient numbers of [signed up] disabled people to fill the quota .

His frown registered through the gloom .
his frown [signed up] through the gloom .

All too clearly the reason for last evening 's kisses registered in her mind , and as she hastened towards the office she mumbled audibly to herself , ‘ Blast you , Silas Wilder — you think you 're vastly smart — you think you 're so confoundedly devastating that a few kisses will keep me happily at your side — ready and willing to slave over your wretched barbecue .
all too clearly the reason for last evening 's kisses [signed up] in her mind , and as she hastened towards the office she mumbled audibly to herself , ‘ blast you , silas wilder — you think you 're vastly smart — you think you 're so confoundedly devastating that a few kisses will keep me happily at your side — ready and willing to slave over your wretched barbecue .

None of it registered , because she was fighting tears that were perilously near .
none of it [signed up] , because she was fighting tears that were perilously near .

To ask the Secretary of State for the Environment what information he has concerning the number of people registered homeless in Liverpool .
to ask the secretary of state for the environment what information he has concerning the number of people [signed up] homeless in liverpool .

Does the Secretary of State accept that the improvement in productivity is partly due to the fact that the number of registered disabled people employed by British Coal has fallen ? Is he aware that that figure is now 0.4 per cent. , which is way below the guidelines laid down in legislation ? Does he intend to prosecute British Coal for its failure to maintain the percentage of registered disabled people employed in the industry ?
does the secretary of state accept that the improvement in productivity is partly due to the fact that the number of [signed up] disabled people employed by british coal has fallen ? is he aware that that figure is now 0.4 per cent. , which is way below the guidelines laid down in legislation ? does he intend to prosecute british coal for its failure to maintain the percentage of [signed up] disabled people employed in the industry ?

My Department is writing to all those who have been registered as objectors to the applications , with details of the arrangements .
my department is writing to all those who have been [signed up] as objectors to the applications , with details of the arrangements .

To ask the Minister for the Civil Service if he will make a statement on progress in increasing the number of women registered with the public appointments unit .
to ask the minister for the civil service if he will make a statement on progress in increasing the number of women [signed up] with the public appointments unit .

The number of women registered has increased from 18 per cent .
the number of women [signed up] has increased from 18 per cent .

To ask the Secretary of State for Employment what is the latest available figure for registered unemployed and recorded vacancies at the Holloway employment office and jobcentre ; and what was the equivalent figure for January 1987 .
to ask the secretary of state for employment what is the latest available figure for [signed up] unemployed and recorded vacancies at the holloway employment office and jobcentre ; and what was the equivalent figure for january 1987 .

Will the Minister explain what he is going to say to the people of the Holloway area who find themselves in the unenviable position of having the jobcentre with the largest gap between the number of vacancies and the number of registered unemployed ?
will the minister explain what he is going to say to the people of the holloway area who find themselves in the unenviable position of having the jobcentre with the largest gap between the number of vacancies and the number of [signed up] unemployed ?

Does the Minister acknowledge that when we had a domestic rating system almost every citizen in the land made sure that he or she registered to vote ? Will he now confirm that one side effect of the appalling poll tax is that more than a million citizens of this country have not registered to vote ? Will he mount a campaign to ensure that every citizen in the land registers for a vote — especially so that those votes can be cast in the general election ?
does the minister acknowledge that when we had a domestic rating system almost every citizen in the land made sure that he or she [signed up] to vote ? will he now confirm that one side effect of the appalling poll tax is that more than a million citizens of this country have not [signed up] to vote ? will he mount a campaign to ensure that every citizen in the land registers for a vote — especially so that those votes can be cast in the general election ?

Is my hon. Friend aware that , during the recent debate on the Asylum Bill , our right hon. Friend the Home Secretary pointed out that about 30,000 people are registered as asylum seekers , without their families , and that they are allowed six months ' benefit immediately upon registering as asylum seekers ? Will my hon. Friend please comment on the cost of that and on the fact that , 50 years after the Beveridge report , we have moved a long way from the principle of paying into the kitty through insurance before being allowed to draw out of it ?
is my hon. friend aware that , during the recent debate on the asylum bill , our right hon. friend the home secretary pointed out that about 30,000 people are [signed up] as asylum seekers , without their families , and that they are allowed six months ' benefit immediately upon registering as asylum seekers ? will my hon. friend please comment on the cost of that and on the fact that , 50 years after the beveridge report , we have moved a long way from the principle of paying into the kitty through insurance before being allowed to draw out of it ?

Is the Minister aware that within the borough of Islington , which includes the Holloway travel-to-work area , fewer than 100 school leavers last year were able to find jobs and that , at the Holloway unemployment office , there is a gap between the 32 registered vacancies and the 11,600 people who are registered as unemployed ? Does the hon. Gentleman recognise the terrible toll that that places on the community and , in particular , on the young people who can not get work and see the possibilities of career development and a decent standard of living slipping away from them ? When will he do something to bring jobs to inner-city areas ?
is the minister aware that within the borough of islington , which includes the holloway travel-to-work area , fewer than 100 school leavers last year were able to find jobs and that , at the holloway unemployment office , there is a gap between the 32 [signed up] vacancies and the 11,600 people who are [signed up] as unemployed ? does the hon. gentleman recognise the terrible toll that that places on the community and , in particular , on the young people who can not get work and see the possibilities of career development and a decent standard of living slipping away from them ? when will he do something to bring jobs to inner-city areas ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Employment what is the current rate of unemployment for ( a ) registered disabled people and ( b ) disabled people generally .
to ask the secretary of state for employment what is the current rate of unemployment for ( a ) [signed up] disabled people and ( b ) disabled people generally .

If someone is registered as an independent financial adviser , it is his or her duty to give independent advice and that adviser is regulated by the appropriate body to do that .
if someone is [signed up] as an independent financial adviser , it is his or her duty to give independent advice and that adviser is regulated by the appropriate body to do that .

Member for Sedgefield registered such heartfelt concern a couple of weeks ago — are being taken up with increasing enthusiasm .
member for sedgefield [signed up] such heartfelt concern a couple of weeks ago — are being taken up with increasing enthusiasm .

Mr. Dear says that almost no action that could be registered and measured by Her Majesty 's inspector has yet been taken by the police committee .
mr. dear says that almost no action that could be [signed up] and measured by her majesty 's inspector has yet been taken by the police committee .

The Labour party cloaks under expressions such as ’ attack on civil rights ’ the fact that such people have not registered for the tax and have been indulging in tax avoidance , a practice for which the Labour party still shows some sympathy .
the labour party cloaks under expressions such as ’ attack on civil rights ’ the fact that such people have not [signed up] for the tax and have been indulging in tax avoidance , a practice for which the labour party still shows some sympathy .

The inspections will be carried out at local level by independent inspectors who will be registered with Her Majesty 's Inspectorate , which will withdraw the registration of inspectors who are not up to standard .
the inspections will be carried out at local level by independent inspectors who will be [signed up] with her majesty 's inspectorate , which will withdraw the registration of inspectors who are not up to standard .

She scarcely registered the rest of the walk .
she scarcely [signed up] the rest of the walk .

His fingers bit deep into her shoulders , but the pain scarcely registered in comparison with the sensations that possessed her , the fire streaking through her whole nervous system .
his fingers bit deep into her shoulders , but the pain scarcely [signed up] in comparison with the sensations that possessed her , the fire streaking through her whole nervous system .

‘ They 're not registered with us .
‘ they 're not [signed up] with us .

It was void because any charge created by a company is void unless registered , Companies Act 1948 , section 94 ( now the Companies Act 1985 , section 365 ) .
it was void because any charge created by a company is void unless [signed up] , companies act 1948 , section 94 ( now the companies act 1985 , section 365 ) .

It seems then that a Romalpa clause will , if properly worded , work in the case of unmixed goods and the proceeds of sale of unmixed goods , but that in the case of mixed goods ( and their proceeds of sale ) will work only if it is registered as a charge created by the buying company .
it seems then that a romalpa clause will , if properly worded , work in the case of unmixed goods and the proceeds of sale of unmixed goods , but that in the case of mixed goods ( and their proceeds of sale ) will work only if it is [signed up] as a charge created by the buying company .

He registered the birth .
he [signed up] the birth .

The barked command finally registered .
the barked command finally [signed up] .

The return of Lady Eleanor with a pile of fine linen shifts scarcely registered with Isabel as a rapid succession of images flashed through her mind : fitzAlan confronting the Empress with that cold , relentless logic ; wounded and feverish in the hut , but still in control of both her and the situation ; swinging his sword with savage , deadly grace at the ford ; leaning over her at the inn this morning ; holding her …
the return of lady eleanor with a pile of fine linen shifts scarcely [signed up] with isabel as a rapid succession of images flashed through her mind : fitzalan confronting the empress with that cold , relentless logic ; wounded and feverish in the hut , but still in control of both her and the situation ; swinging his sword with savage , deadly grace at the ford ; leaning over her at the inn this morning ; holding her …

That registered .
that [signed up] .

Shock registered on every face in the room .
shock [signed up] on every face in the room .

She had already guessed that , and her smile was blistering as she registered his arrogance all over again .
she had already guessed that , and her smile was blistering as she [signed up] his arrogance all over again .

‘ Ah , Maria , six years is a long time to wait , ’ Luke murmured with a faint sardonic smile as he registered her frantic response .
‘ ah , maria , six years is a long time to wait , ’ luke murmured with a faint sardonic smile as he [signed up] her frantic response .

But gradually , as she registered his lack of response , she sobered , her eyes growing wary again .
but gradually , as she [signed up] his lack of response , she sobered , her eyes growing wary again .

‘ Yes , ’ she agreed , then looked up , startled , as his words registered .
‘ yes , ’ she agreed , then looked up , startled , as his words [signed up] .

She did n't hear the car coming up the lane behind her , barely even registered it as it passed ; it was only when a car door was violently slammed that she looked up , and froze .
she did n't hear the car coming up the lane behind her , barely even [signed up] it as it passed ; it was only when a car door was violently slammed that she looked up , and froze .

If she had thought of it , she would have looked before : she had registered the reporter and photographer going up to the flat above , and had said to herself that they did n't , very obviously , have the class of the young men from the London Sundays .
if she had thought of it , she would have looked before : she had [signed up] the reporter and photographer going up to the flat above , and had said to herself that they did n't , very obviously , have the class of the young men from the london sundays .

He registered in his mind one other possibility : that the letters had been forged by Kronweiser himself , to fill out the picture of Walter Machin for his book .
he [signed up] in his mind one other possibility : that the letters had been forged by kronweiser himself , to fill out the picture of walter machin for his book .

My face must have registered something because she took a step backwards .
my face must have [signed up] something because she took a step backwards .

Since our ‘ dependent ’ variable is the length in days of the first spell of registered unemployment , all the income variables are calculated as one seventh of the weekly rates .
since our ‘ dependent ’ variable is the length in days of the first spell of [signed up] unemployment , all the income variables are calculated as one seventh of the weekly rates .

He is over 55 , married , without education or job training ; furthermore , he has had a spell of registered unemployment , did not work full-time in the 12 months prior to becoming unemployed and lives in a council house .
he is over 55 , married , without education or job training ; furthermore , he has had a spell of [signed up] unemployment , did not work full-time in the 12 months prior to becoming unemployed and lives in a council house .

In the private goods case , examination of individual 's motivation — be it based on egoism , sympathy , or commitment — is essentially irrelevant , since economics is concerned with final registered demands .
in the private goods case , examination of individual 's motivation — be it based on egoism , sympathy , or commitment — is essentially irrelevant , since economics is concerned with final [signed up] demands .

Meredith barely registered his reaction .
meredith barely [signed up] his reaction .

’ She registered his sardonic nod with dismay .
’ she [signed up] his sardonic nod with dismay .

It was several paralysed seconds before Meredith 's befogged brain registered what he was doing , and by then she was staring with darkening eyes at a beautifully toned naked chest .
it was several paralysed seconds before meredith 's befogged brain [signed up] what he was doing , and by then she was staring with darkening eyes at a beautifully toned naked chest .

He registered the stiffness in her body as he lowered her head again .
he [signed up] the stiffness in her body as he lowered her head again .

As he reached his door he found his thoughts turning once more to the urgent problem of putting food in his belly , and a part of his mind registered with pleasure that these thoughts were at last supplanting the ones in which he alternately pined for Aset and visited unholy vengeance upon her .
as he reached his door he found his thoughts turning once more to the urgent problem of putting food in his belly , and a part of his mind [signed up] with pleasure that these thoughts were at last supplanting the ones in which he alternately pined for aset and visited unholy vengeance upon her .

Huy registered the threat , and Reni saw that he had , before turning to Taheb , stroking her hand as he spoke .
huy [signed up] the threat , and reni saw that he had , before turning to taheb , stroking her hand as he spoke .

It required all independent schools to be registered , and abolished the previous category of ‘ recognised as efficient ’ .
it required all independent schools to be [signed up] , and abolished the previous category of ‘ recognised as efficient ’ .

Private provision , including playgroups and child minders , has to be registered with local authority Social Services Departments .
private provision , including playgroups and child minders , has to be [signed up] with local authority social services departments .

She had even vaguely registered that it sold flowers , but it had never occurred to her to regard it as a serious rival .
she had even vaguely [signed up] that it sold flowers , but it had never occurred to her to regard it as a serious rival .

Eleanor 's perfectly shaped mouth registered a small smile of triumph as the colour slowly filtered from Jessamy 's face .
eleanor 's perfectly shaped mouth [signed up] a small smile of triumph as the colour slowly filtered from jessamy 's face .

So far he had not even registered her presence , and she was in no particular hurry to enlighten him .
so far he had not even [signed up] her presence , and she was in no particular hurry to enlighten him .

He looked round all their sobered , pitying faces , and registered what was there to be registered , but it was not much ; nothing more than was due to any boy of sixteen , suddenly wiped out for no good reason .
he looked round all their sobered , pitying faces , and [signed up] what was there to be [signed up] , but it was not much ; nothing more than was due to any boy of sixteen , suddenly wiped out for no good reason .

After the death of Stewart , the present plaintiffs — his executor and Charlton — asked Casey to return the letters patent : Casey refused , claiming to be entitled to possession as owner of a third share , and registered the letter set out above .
after the death of stewart , the present plaintiffs — his executor and charlton — asked casey to return the letters patent : casey refused , claiming to be entitled to possession as owner of a third share , and [signed up] the letter set out above .

‘ The Missus ’ was about as inappropriate a soubriquet for Onyx Muggeridge as could be imagined , and Mike Pumfrey , who had heard a few scraps about her already , registered this .
‘ the missus ’ was about as inappropriate a soubriquet for onyx muggeridge as could be imagined , and mike pumfrey , who had heard a few scraps about her already , [signed up] this .

She had duly registered the death of her father at the Council Offices that afternoon and the funeral had now speedily to be carried out in Buckinghamshire .
she had duly [signed up] the death of her father at the council offices that afternoon and the funeral had now speedily to be carried out in buckinghamshire .

Births , marriages , deaths — ; all the routine stuff is still kept at the local Standesamt where it was first registered , and only there .
births , marriages , deaths — ; all the routine stuff is still kept at the local standesamt where it was first [signed up] , and only there .

The centre , a registered charity , opened last year and is designed to promote animal welfare and provide a leisure facility .
the centre , a [signed up] charity , opened last year and is designed to promote animal welfare and provide a leisure facility .

Recently , however , it has been pointed out that mansi absi were often registered as owing dues , which were always in cash rather than labour services .
recently , however , it has been pointed out that mansi absi were often [signed up] as owing dues , which were always in cash rather than labour services .

Tenants working mansi absi were often registered as `` strangers `` , that is , they hailed from other villages .
tenants working mansi absi were often [signed up] as `` strangers `` , that is , they hailed from other villages .

a candidate who is registered for 71619 Music Making : Solo 1 ( Brass ) may have the registration adjusted to 71626 Music Making : Solo 2 ( Brass ) ;
a candidate who is [signed up] for 71619 music making : solo 1 ( brass ) may have the registration adjusted to 71626 music making : solo 2 ( brass ) ;

conversely a candidate who is registered for 71638 Music Making : Solo 3 ( Woodwind ) but is unlikely to be successful in this module may have the registration adjusted to 71631 Music Making : Solo 2 ( Woodwind ) .
conversely a candidate who is [signed up] for 71638 music making : solo 3 ( woodwind ) but is unlikely to be successful in this module may have the registration adjusted to 71631 music making : solo 2 ( woodwind ) .

The Guidelines will be of interest to owners , employers and managers , engineering Institutions , providers of education and training , trade unions , government , media and the public at large as well as to registered engineers and technicians .
the guidelines will be of interest to owners , employers and managers , engineering institutions , providers of education and training , trade unions , government , media and the public at large as well as to [signed up] engineers and technicians .

Owners , employers/managers , registered engineers , professional Institutions , providers of education and training , trade unions , government , The Engineering Council , the media and the public are all affected by risk issues .
owners , employers/managers , [signed up] engineers , professional institutions , providers of education and training , trade unions , government , the engineering council , the media and the public are all affected by risk issues .

The Neighbourhood Engineers scheme , organised by The Engineering Council , links registered engineers and technicians with local secondary schools .
the neighbourhood engineers scheme , organised by the engineering council , links [signed up] engineers and technicians with local secondary schools .

This Code , issued under the provisions of The Engineering Council 's Royal Charter , is for the benefit of 290,000 registered engineers and technicians from 44 engineering institutions and aims to encourage greater awareness , understanding and effective management of risk issues .
this code , issued under the provisions of the engineering council 's royal charter , is for the benefit of 290,000 [signed up] engineers and technicians from 44 engineering institutions and aims to encourage greater awareness , understanding and effective management of risk issues .

These explanatory notes amplify the implications of the 10 point Code for individual registered engineers and technicians when dealing with risk issues .
these explanatory notes amplify the implications of the 10 point code for individual [signed up] engineers and technicians when dealing with risk issues .

Other examples of such ambiguity are plentiful ; we offer at random : ( 3 ) ( a ) she wants to play the character limping ( b ) this process leaves the items date-stamped ( c ) Elmer made all the excuses imaginable ( d ) our lawyer sent the packages registered For instance , taking example ( c ) , under the attributive version , a speaker has a low opinion of Elmer as a man who prevaricates or procrastinates ; but with the alternative interpretation she may be giving credit to him for lending colour and credibility to a defence which has to be put forward .
other examples of such ambiguity are plentiful ; we offer at random : ( 3 ) ( a ) she wants to play the character limping ( b ) this process leaves the items date-stamped ( c ) elmer made all the excuses imaginable ( d ) our lawyer sent the packages [signed up] for instance , taking example ( c ) , under the attributive version , a speaker has a low opinion of elmer as a man who prevaricates or procrastinates ; but with the alternative interpretation she may be giving credit to him for lending colour and credibility to a defence which has to be put forward .

Second , there are often two different passives available when a sentence has a sequence noun + adjective following the verb ; for instance , the fourth example of the previous set can be linked either to ( 4 ) or to ( 5 ) : ( 4 ) the packages registered were sent by our lawyer ( 5 ) the packages were sent registered by our lawyer It is intuitively obvious that ( 4 ) corresponds to the postnominal attributive interpretation of ( 3 ) ( c ) , but ( 5 ) to the other intensional pattern introduced here .
second , there are often two different passives available when a sentence has a sequence noun + adjective following the verb ; for instance , the fourth example of the previous set can be linked either to ( 4 ) or to ( 5 ) : ( 4 ) the packages [signed up] were sent by our lawyer ( 5 ) the packages were sent [signed up] by our lawyer it is intuitively obvious that ( 4 ) corresponds to the postnominal attributive interpretation of ( 3 ) ( c ) , but ( 5 ) to the other intensional pattern introduced here .

what did he send registered ?
what did he send [signed up] ?

4.4 We have left aside the suggestion that predicate qualifiers might perhaps be reduced forms of clauses even if postnominal attributives are not . Example ( 3 ) ( d ) , for instance , would be an abbreviated form of a structure that could perhaps be realized more fully as : ( 26 ) our lawyer sent the packages ; the packages are registered It may of course be claimed that we should think in terms not of actual clauses but of some more hypothetical and abstract clause ; maybe the last five words in ( 26 ) should be replaced by something like : ( 27 ) [ subject the package plural ] subject be registered
4.4 we have left aside the suggestion that predicate qualifiers might perhaps be reduced forms of clauses even if postnominal attributives are not . example ( 3 ) ( d ) , for instance , would be an abbreviated form of a structure that could perhaps be realized more fully as : ( 26 ) our lawyer sent the packages ; the packages are [signed up] it may of course be claimed that we should think in terms not of actual clauses but of some more hypothetical and abstract clause ; maybe the last five words in ( 26 ) should be replaced by something like : ( 27 ) [ subject the package plural ] subject be [signed up]

Six of these were elected by Port Users paying £4 or more per annum in dock dues , three by the Owners of ships registered in the Port , three by the Edinburgh City Council ( representing both Leith and Edinburgh ) and one each by the Edinburgh Chamber of Commerce , the Leith Chamber of Commerce and the Edinburgh Merchant Company .
six of these were elected by port users paying £4 or more per annum in dock dues , three by the owners of ships [signed up] in the port , three by the edinburgh city council ( representing both leith and edinburgh ) and one each by the edinburgh chamber of commerce , the leith chamber of commerce and the edinburgh merchant company .

By July 30 , 12 candidates had registered for the presidential elections due to be held simultaneously with legislative elections on September 29-30 .
by july 30 , 12 candidates had [signed up] for the presidential elections due to be held simultaneously with legislative elections on september 29-30 .

Pressure on the government and Renamo to reach a full ceasefire agreement as soon as possible was exerted by the country 's only registered opposition party , the Mozambican National Union ( Unamo ) , headed by Carlos Reis .
pressure on the government and renamo to reach a full ceasefire agreement as soon as possible was exerted by the country 's only [signed up] opposition party , the mozambican national union ( unamo ) , headed by carlos reis .

Results showed that 95 per cent of the registered electorate of 193,800 went to the polls and that 90 per cent of these voted `` to remain part of Yugoslavia with Serbia and Montenegro and others who want to preserve Yugoslavia `` .
results showed that 95 per cent of the [signed up] electorate of 193,800 went to the polls and that 90 per cent of these voted `` to remain part of yugoslavia with serbia and montenegro and others who want to preserve yugoslavia `` .

In a referendum held on May 19 throughout Croatia , final results showed that 83.6 per cent of the registered electorate of 3,652,225 went to the polls and 93.2 per cent of these voted in favour of the proposal that Croatia , " as a sovereign and independent country which guarantees cultural autonomy and all civic rights to the Serbs and members of other nationalities in Croatia , may with other republics join a confederation of sovereign states " .
in a referendum held on may 19 throughout croatia , final results showed that 83.6 per cent of the [signed up] electorate of 3,652,225 went to the polls and 93.2 per cent of these voted in favour of the proposal that croatia , " as a sovereign and independent country which guarantees cultural autonomy and all civic rights to the serbs and members of other nationalities in croatia , may with other republics join a confederation of sovereign states " .

There were 170,000 refugees in Croatia with an estimated additional 10,000 unregistered in the republic , and 35,000 in the Serbian area of Krajina , who , according to the Yugoslav Red Cross , had not been registered by the Croatian Red Cross .
there were 170,000 refugees in croatia with an estimated additional 10,000 unregistered in the republic , and 35,000 in the serbian area of krajina , who , according to the yugoslav red cross , had not been [signed up] by the croatian red cross .

In Serbia 157,768 were registered .
in serbia 157,768 were [signed up] .

The country had more than 302,000 registered unemployed at mid-August .
the country had more than 302,000 [signed up] unemployed at mid-august .

In accordance with legislation passed in November 1990 [ see p. 37844 ] a total of 19 new political parties were registered on Jan. 16 ; the remaining 94 applications were rejected by the authorities as `` incomplete `` .
in accordance with legislation passed in november 1990 [ see p. 37844 ] a total of 19 new political parties were [signed up] on jan. 16 ; the remaining 94 applications were rejected by the authorities as `` incomplete `` .

The reversal of his stance was announced after he and other officials had held a further meeting with representatives of the Democratic Party ( legalized in December ) , the Ecology Party ( registered on Jan. 7 ) and the Republican Party ( registered on Jan. 10 ) .
the reversal of his stance was announced after he and other officials had held a further meeting with representatives of the democratic party ( legalized in december ) , the ecology party ( [signed up] on jan. 7 ) and the republican party ( [signed up] on jan. 10 ) .

By the end of June only 700,000 of the estimated 4,500,000 eligible voters were reported to have registered , apparently reflecting popular mistrust of the election process .
by the end of june only 700,000 of the estimated 4,500,000 eligible voters were reported to have [signed up] , apparently reflecting popular mistrust of the election process .

By the end of June it was reported that 3,800,000 voters had registered , out of approximately 10,000,000 people entitled to do so .
by the end of june it was reported that 3,800,000 voters had [signed up] , out of approximately 10,000,000 people entitled to do so .

About 33,000,000 people were eligible to vote , and some 62 `` nations , nationalities and political organizations `` had registered candidates .
about 33,000,000 people were eligible to vote , and some 62 `` nations , nationalities and political organizations `` had [signed up] candidates .

In a referendum held on Sept. 8 in Macedonia 75 per cent of the registered electorate of 1,400,000 went to the polls ; they were boycotted by many of the Albanians who made up 25 per cent of the republic 's population .
in a referendum held on sept. 8 in macedonia 75 per cent of the [signed up] electorate of 1,400,000 went to the polls ; they were boycotted by many of the albanians who made up 25 per cent of the republic 's population .

All the indications were that by the end of 1991 the Soviet economy would have registered a severe , possibility catastrophic deterioration .
all the indications were that by the end of 1991 the soviet economy would have [signed up] a severe , possibility catastrophic deterioration .

The turnout was estimated at 78 per cent of the 57,000 registered electors .
the turnout was estimated at 78 per cent of the 57,000 [signed up] electors .

Interflug had registered dramatic losses in January because of the Gulf war [ for other airline crises see pp .
interflug had [signed up] dramatic losses in january because of the gulf war [ for other airline crises see pp .

From July 1 unemployment was officially registered in the Soviet Union for the first time since 1930 ( when Stalin declared that it had been eliminated ) .
from july 1 unemployment was officially [signed up] in the soviet union for the first time since 1930 ( when stalin declared that it had been eliminated ) .

The National Assembly passed a law on July 12 obliging trade unions and registered employees ' organizations to declare their property , which would then be divided according to the level of support in trade union elections .
the national assembly passed a law on july 12 obliging trade unions and [signed up] employees ' organizations to declare their property , which would then be divided according to the level of support in trade union elections .

Voter turnout across the Soviet Union for the referendum was put officially at 80 per cent , although the figure of 185,647,355 registered electors did not include the vast majority of the people of voting age in six republics which were officially boycotting the referendum .
voter turnout across the soviet union for the referendum was put officially at 80 per cent , although the figure of 185,647,355 [signed up] electors did not include the vast majority of the people of voting age in six republics which were officially boycotting the referendum .

This meant that a `` yes `` vote was cast by just over 61 per cent of registered electors , and around 56 per cent of all Soviet citizens of voting age .
this meant that a `` yes `` vote was cast by just over 61 per cent of [signed up] electors , and around 56 per cent of all soviet citizens of voting age .

In Georgia , where the referendum was held at the same time as elections for local councils , voters were asked : " Do you agree that the state independence of Georgia should be restored on the basis of the independence act of May 26 , 1918 ? " According to preliminary results announced on April 1 , with only two of the 71 constituencies undeclared , there had been a 90.5 per cent turnout of the around 3,400,000 registered electors , of whom 98.93 per cent had voted " yes " .
in georgia , where the referendum was held at the same time as elections for local councils , voters were asked : " do you agree that the state independence of georgia should be restored on the basis of the independence act of may 26 , 1918 ? " according to preliminary results announced on april 1 , with only two of the 71 constituencies undeclared , there had been a 90.5 per cent turnout of the around 3,400,000 [signed up] electors , of whom 98.93 per cent had voted " yes " .

The totals excluded the expected several hundred votes of Beninese living abroad , and the count in the northern town of Parakou , where 43,000 people had been registered to vote .
the totals excluded the expected several hundred votes of beninese living abroad , and the count in the northern town of parakou , where 43,000 people had been [signed up] to vote .

At the beginning of March it was reported that the epidemic had spread to Ecuador where 20 cases were registered , including one death , that of a woman living near the border .
at the beginning of march it was reported that the epidemic had spread to ecuador where 20 cases were [signed up] , including one death , that of a woman living near the border .

Harkin won 74 per cent of the votes cast , although only some 30,000 registered Democrats participated , compared with 120,000 in 1988 .
harkin won 74 per cent of the votes cast , although only some 30,000 [signed up] democrats participated , compared with 120,000 in 1988 .

As of the beginning of 1992 , there were 60,000 private farms registered in Russia , compared with 4,500 a year earlier .
as of the beginning of 1992 , there were 60,000 private farms [signed up] in russia , compared with 4,500 a year earlier .

Organizations which were represented on the Council of Representatives and which had `` armies `` could apply to have their armed forces officially registered .
organizations which were represented on the council of representatives and which had `` armies `` could apply to have their armed forces officially [signed up] .

Moi , who on Nov. 29 had said that " multipartyism is a luxury in Africa " , warned that although the number of parties would not be limited , tribal-based parties would not be registered , nor would any party be allowed to accept foreign funding .
moi , who on nov. 29 had said that " multipartyism is a luxury in africa " , warned that although the number of parties would not be limited , tribal-based parties would not be [signed up] , nor would any party be allowed to accept foreign funding .

The party 's first legal congress inside South Africa since its banning in 1950 was attended by 413 delegates , representing 25,000 registered members .
the party 's first legal congress inside south africa since its banning in 1950 was attended by 413 delegates , representing 25,000 [signed up] members .

These also tended to be `` open `` primaries , where any registered voter could participate , as opposed to `` closed `` contests where only registered party members were entitle to vote , another factor thought to favour Duke .
these also tended to be `` open `` primaries , where any [signed up] voter could participate , as opposed to `` closed `` contests where only [signed up] party members were entitle to vote , another factor thought to favour duke .

The United States Carter Centre , incorporating the Council for Freely Elected Heads of Government , which was supervising electoral preparations , had found in October that some 130,000 eligible voters had been omitted from the electoral register of a potential 350,000 names and that others were registered in the wrong areas .
the united states carter centre , incorporating the council for freely elected heads of government , which was supervising electoral preparations , had found in october that some 130,000 eligible voters had been omitted from the electoral register of a potential 350,000 names and that others were [signed up] in the wrong areas .

Of the 7,144,884 registered voters 6,592,441 went to the polls , representing a turnout of 92 per cent — voting was theoretically compulsory .
of the 7,144,884 [signed up] voters 6,592,441 went to the polls , representing a turnout of 92 per cent — voting was theoretically compulsory .

Other political parties registered in Singapore include : Alliance Party Singapura ; Angkatan Islam ; Barisan Socialis ; National Party of Singapore ; Partai Rakyat ( Singapore State Division ) ; Parti Kesatuan Ra'ayat ( United Democratic Party ) ; People 's Republican Party ; Persatuan Melayu Singapura ; Singapore Chinese Party ; Singapore Indian Congress ; Singapore United Front ( Barisan Bersatu Singapura ) ; People 's Front ; United National Front ; United People 's Front ; and United People 's Party .
other political parties [signed up] in singapore include : alliance party singapura ; angkatan islam ; barisan socialis ; national party of singapore ; partai rakyat ( singapore state division ) ; parti kesatuan ra'ayat ( united democratic party ) ; people 's republican party ; persatuan melayu singapura ; singapore chinese party ; singapore indian congress ; singapore united front ( barisan bersatu singapura ) ; people 's front ; united national front ; united people 's front ; and united people 's party .

Although a new law allowing multiparty politics had come into effect in July 1992 , rallies remained subject to government control and were permissible only for registered parties .
although a new law allowing multiparty politics had come into effect in july 1992 , rallies remained subject to government control and were permissible only for [signed up] parties .

Observers were said to be surprised at the decision to hold elections during the Christmas holiday period , when most Kenyans with jobs in cities would have returned to their rural homes in areas where they had not necessarily registered to vote .
observers were said to be surprised at the decision to hold elections during the christmas holiday period , when most kenyans with jobs in cities would have returned to their rural homes in areas where they had not necessarily [signed up] to vote .

The republic 's 245,000 registered voters were to elect deputies to the 42-seat Federal Assembly from 320 candidates representing 21 parties .
the republic 's 245,000 [signed up] voters were to elect deputies to the 42-seat federal assembly from 320 candidates representing 21 parties .

The abstention rate among the 3,200,000 registered voters in the presidential elections was put as high as 43.7 per cent .
the abstention rate among the 3,200,000 [signed up] voters in the presidential elections was put as high as 43.7 per cent .

The deaths occurred in the city of Newcastle , New South Wales , three miles west of the epicentre of the earthquake , which registered 5.5 on the Richter scale .
the deaths occurred in the city of newcastle , new south wales , three miles west of the epicentre of the earthquake , which [signed up] 5.5 on the richter scale .

The official turnout was 74 per cent , although there were claims that many voters had not been registered for the ballot .
the official turnout was 74 per cent , although there were claims that many voters had not been [signed up] for the ballot .

Voting was freely and fairly conducted , with more than 81 per cent of the country 's 29,000,000 registered voters participating in the poll and votes being tallied with abacuses in order to avoid the allegations of computer fraud which had marred the 1987 presidential elections .
voting was freely and fairly conducted , with more than 81 per cent of the country 's 29,000,000 [signed up] voters participating in the poll and votes being tallied with abacuses in order to avoid the allegations of computer fraud which had marred the 1987 presidential elections .

With opposition groups still voicing concerns about the March poll date , 16 of the 48 registered political parties boycotted the election .
with opposition groups still voicing concerns about the march poll date , 16 of the 48 [signed up] political parties boycotted the election .

Nationwide turnout averaged 59.24 per cent ; turnout in Bangkok was registered at 42 per cent .
nationwide turnout averaged 59.24 per cent ; turnout in bangkok was [signed up] at 42 per cent .

The official figure for voter turnout was over 1,600,000 people , representing just over 90 per cent of those registered to vote .
the official figure for voter turnout was over 1,600,000 people , representing just over 90 per cent of those [signed up] to vote .

The Slovak parliament 's defence and security committee alleged that Meciar was registered with the security police or StB from 1985 and that he had removed incriminating evidence and promoted loyal former agents in the Slovak Interior Ministry after November 1989 .
the slovak parliament 's defence and security committee alleged that meciar was [signed up] with the security police or stb from 1985 and that he had removed incriminating evidence and promoted loyal former agents in the slovak interior ministry after november 1989 .

In a turnout unofficially set at 59 per cent of the approximately 165,000 registered voters , Antonio Mascarenhas Monteiro , a former Supreme Court judge , obtained 73.5 per cent of the votes , while Pereira gained only 26.5 per cent .
in a turnout unofficially set at 59 per cent of the approximately 165,000 [signed up] voters , antonio mascarenhas monteiro , a former supreme court judge , obtained 73.5 per cent of the votes , while pereira gained only 26.5 per cent .

In accordance with a new law adopted on Aug. 13 , 1990 , a total of 24 new parties were registered by the deadline of Oct. 11 .
in accordance with a new law adopted on aug. 13 , 1990 , a total of 24 new parties were [signed up] by the deadline of oct. 11 .

Three stockbroking firms were initially registered .
three stockbroking firms were initially [signed up] .

Under the new law , promulgated by Biya on Dec. 19 , the authorities would have to give reasons for refusing an application , and registered parties would receive state support during election campaigns .
under the new law , promulgated by biya on dec. 19 , the authorities would have to give reasons for refusing an application , and [signed up] parties would receive state support during election campaigns .

Leaders of the seven registered political parties expressed concern that the Assembly would merely be an advisory body to the Military Council in the preparation of a new constitution .
leaders of the seven [signed up] political parties expressed concern that the assembly would merely be an advisory body to the military council in the preparation of a new constitution .

The Gulf crisis strongly affected business confidence with a serious downturn in the financial sector ; commercial and offshore banks registered a 14.6 per cent drop in total deposits in August .
the gulf crisis strongly affected business confidence with a serious downturn in the financial sector ; commercial and offshore banks [signed up] a 14.6 per cent drop in total deposits in august .

The main proposal was the creation of a single level of registered nurse through a three year training programme .
the main proposal was the creation of a single level of [signed up] nurse through a three year training programme .

The Islamic concept of ownership over land is at variance with a system that confers an indefeasible title upon the registered owner .
the islamic concept of ownership over land is at variance with a system that confers an indefeasible title upon the [signed up] owner .

Ruoff and Roper On the Law and Practice of Registered Conveyancing 4th edn ( Stevens : 1979 )
ruoff and roper on the law and practice of [signed up] conveyancing 4th edn ( stevens : 1979 )

Where land is registered , right gained by adverse possession amounts to an overriding interest , and defeats a purchaser even if not on the register .
where land is [signed up] , right gained by adverse possession amounts to an overriding interest , and defeats a purchaser even if not on the register .

75 ( 1 ) The Limitation Acts shall apply to registered land in the same manner and to the same extent as those Acts apply to land not registered , except that where , if the land were not registered , the estate of the person registered as proprietor would be extinguished , such estate shall not be extinguished but shall be deemed to be held by the proprietor for the time being in trust for the person who , by virtue of the said Acts , has acquired title against any proprietor , but without prejudice to the estates and interests of any other person interested in the land whose estate or interest is not extinguished by those Acts .
75 ( 1 ) the limitation acts shall apply to [signed up] land in the same manner and to the same extent as those acts apply to land not [signed up] , except that where , if the land were not [signed up] , the estate of the person [signed up] as proprietor would be extinguished , such estate shall not be extinguished but shall be deemed to be held by the proprietor for the time being in trust for the person who , by virtue of the said acts , has acquired title against any proprietor , but without prejudice to the estates and interests of any other person interested in the land whose estate or interest is not extinguished by those acts .

( 2 ) Any person claiming to have acquired a title under the Limitation Acts to a registered estate in the land may apply to be registered as proprietor thereof .
( 2 ) any person claiming to have acquired a title under the limitation acts to a [signed up] estate in the land may apply to be [signed up] as proprietor thereof .

Mr and Mrs Boosey claimed a declaration that they had acquired a possessory title to a strip of registered land ; the Davis family were the registered proprietors of the land .
mr and mrs boosey claimed a declaration that they had acquired a possessory title to a strip of [signed up] land ; the davis family were the [signed up] proprietors of the land .

No sooner had de Gaulle ended the Algerian nightmare and registered his political triumphs in late 1962 than he became morbidly apprehensive of such a national relapse .
no sooner had de gaulle ended the algerian nightmare and [signed up] his political triumphs in late 1962 than he became morbidly apprehensive of such a national relapse .

In addition , over 700 students and trainees in these centres are likely to be registered for the Skillstart awards .
in addition , over 700 students and trainees in these centres are likely to be [signed up] for the skillstart awards .

All agreements have to be registered with the Office of Fair Trading , where it is decided at what stage a registered agreement should be brought before the Court .
all agreements have to be [signed up] with the office of fair trading , where it is decided at what stage a [signed up] agreement should be brought before the court .

The previous pack contained the full text of the Multi-National Legal Practice Rules 1991 , which made detailed amendments to the rules governing solicitors , largely so as to apply those rules to registered foreign lawyers practising in partnership with solicitors in England and Wales , where appropriate with special provisions .
the previous pack contained the full text of the multi-national legal practice rules 1991 , which made detailed amendments to the rules governing solicitors , largely so as to apply those rules to [signed up] foreign lawyers practising in partnership with solicitors in england and wales , where appropriate with special provisions .

For a person to become a registered foreign lawyer it is necessary that his or her profession be one approved by the Law Society , and that its rules do not prohibit partnership in England and Wales with solicitors .
for a person to become a [signed up] foreign lawyer it is necessary that his or her profession be one approved by the law society , and that its rules do not prohibit partnership in england and wales with solicitors .

Solicitors wishing to enquire as to the interpretation of rules applying to multi-national practices and/or registered foreign lawyers should telephone or write to Professional Ethics .
solicitors wishing to enquire as to the interpretation of rules applying to multi-national practices and/or [signed up] foreign lawyers should telephone or write to professional ethics .

The Solicitors ' Practice Rules were amended to permit , as from , partnerships between solicitors and ‘ registered foreign lawyers ’ ( ‘ RFLs ’ ) .
the solicitors ' practice rules were amended to permit , as from , partnerships between solicitors and ‘ [signed up] foreign lawyers ’ ( ‘ rfls ’ ) .

The first foreign lawyers were registered as RFLs on .
the first foreign lawyers were [signed up] as rfls on .

1 . The register of foreign lawyers shall specify , in respect of each registered foreign lawyer the following information : —
1 . the register of foreign lawyers shall specify , in respect of each [signed up] foreign lawyer the following information : —

where the registered foreign lawyer is practising in partnership with one or more solicitors , the partners of the registered foreign lawyer ;
where the [signed up] foreign lawyer is practising in partnership with one or more solicitors , the partners of the [signed up] foreign lawyer ;

where the registered foreign lawyer is a director of a recognised body , the other directors of that recognised body ;
where the [signed up] foreign lawyer is a director of a recognised body , the other directors of that recognised body ;

the profession(s) to which and the jurisdiction(s) in which the registered foreign lawyer is admitted and entitled to practise ;
the profession(s) to which and the jurisdiction(s) in which the [signed up] foreign lawyer is admitted and entitled to practise ;

the date by which the registered foreign lawyer shall apply for his or her registration to be renewed .
the date by which the [signed up] foreign lawyer shall apply for his or her registration to be renewed .

The date by which each registered foreign lawyer must apply for his or her registration to be renewed is and 31st October in each subsequent year .
the date by which each [signed up] foreign lawyer must apply for his or her registration to be renewed is and 31st october in each subsequent year .

Every entry in the register shall specify the date by which each registered foreign lawyer shall apply for his or her registration to be renewed .
every entry in the register shall specify the date by which each [signed up] foreign lawyer shall apply for his or her registration to be renewed .

On an application for renewal of registration , the Law Society may require the registered foreign lawyer to provide to the Society evidence satisfactory to the Society that the registered foreign lawyer is complying with any indemnity rules or is exempt from them .
on an application for renewal of registration , the law society may require the [signed up] foreign lawyer to provide to the society evidence satisfactory to the society that the [signed up] foreign lawyer is complying with any indemnity rules or is exempt from them .

An application under regulation 7 above shall be supported by a deed poll , statutory declaration or other document of like effect by the registered foreign lawyer providing evidence satisfactory to the Law Society of the change of name .
an application under regulation 7 above shall be supported by a deed poll , statutory declaration or other document of like effect by the [signed up] foreign lawyer providing evidence satisfactory to the law society of the change of name .

‘ registered foreign lawyer ’ means a foreign lawyer who is registered under section 89 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 ;
‘ [signed up] foreign lawyer ’ means a foreign lawyer who is [signed up] under section 89 of the courts and legal services act 1990 ;

Registered foreign lawyer
[signed up] foreign lawyer

Registered foreign lawyer
[signed up] foreign lawyer

Rule 7(6) of the Solicitors ' Practice Rules 1990 has been amended so as to allow solicitors to go into partnership with registered foreign lawyers . That part of the rule now reads : —
rule 7(6) of the solicitors ' practice rules 1990 has been amended so as to allow solicitors to go into partnership with [signed up] foreign lawyers . that part of the rule now reads : —

( ii ) in the case of an office from which no right of audience or right to conduct litigation is exercised and from which no exercise of any such right is supervised , a registered foreign lawyer who is a principal of the firm and who has been qualified in his or her own jurisdiction for at least three years ;
( ii ) in the case of an office from which no right of audience or right to conduct litigation is exercised and from which no exercise of any such right is supervised , a [signed up] foreign lawyer who is a principal of the firm and who has been qualified in his or her own jurisdiction for at least three years ;

in the case of an office from which no right of audience or right to conduct litigation is exercised and from which no exercise of any such right is supervised , a registered foreign lawyer who is a principal of the firm ’
in the case of an office from which no right of audience or right to conduct litigation is exercised and from which no exercise of any such right is supervised , a [signed up] foreign lawyer who is a principal of the firm ’

( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) Subject to paragraphs ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) of this Rule a member of a recognised body shall not hold any share in the body for another person save as nominee for a solicitor , a registered foreign lawyer or a recognised body who or which is himself or itself a member or officer of the recognised body or for a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is working in the practice of the body or for a receiver appointed under section 99 of the Mental Health Act 1983 in respect of any such solicitor or registered foreign lawyer ’ and
( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) subject to paragraphs ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) of this rule a member of a recognised body shall not hold any share in the body for another person save as nominee for a solicitor , a [signed up] foreign lawyer or a recognised body who or which is himself or itself a member or officer of the recognised body or for a solicitor or [signed up] foreign lawyer who is working in the practice of the body or for a receiver appointed under section 99 of the mental health act 1983 in respect of any such solicitor or [signed up] foreign lawyer ’ and

( 3 ) In paragraphs ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) of this Rule references to the beneficial owner of a share do not include a person in whose name that share is registered and who beneficially owns that share .
( 3 ) in paragraphs ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) of this rule references to the beneficial owner of a share do not include a person in whose name that share is [signed up] and who beneficially owns that share .

( 4 ) ( a ) Where a member of a recognised body dies the recognised body shall ensure that any shares registered in his name at the time of his death are within twelve months of his death registered in the name of a solicitor or a recognised body or ( where permitted by paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) of this Rule ) a registered foreign lawyer or ( where the recognised body is a company limited by shares ) are acquired by the recognised body itself .
( 4 ) ( a ) where a member of a recognised body dies the recognised body shall ensure that any shares [signed up] in his name at the time of his death are within twelve months of his death [signed up] in the name of a solicitor or a recognised body or ( where permitted by paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) of this rule ) a [signed up] foreign lawyer or ( where the recognised body is a company limited by shares ) are acquired by the recognised body itself .

( c ) Where a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body dies , a member may notwithstanding sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this Rule , continue to hold such share for the personal representative of the deceased for a period of not longer than twelve months from the date of the death ; provided that voting rights shall only be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance on this sub-paragraph where the only personal representative in respect of the deceased beneficial owner 's interest in the share is a solicitor , a registered foreign lawyer or a recognised body .
( c ) where a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body dies , a member may notwithstanding sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this rule , continue to hold such share for the personal representative of the deceased for a period of not longer than twelve months from the date of the death ; provided that voting rights shall only be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance on this sub-paragraph where the only personal representative in respect of the deceased beneficial owner 's interest in the share is a solicitor , a [signed up] foreign lawyer or a recognised body .

( 5 ) ( a ) Where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;
( 5 ) ( a ) where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a [signed up] foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;

( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this Rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and
( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share [signed up] in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this rule , remain so [signed up] for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so [signed up] ; and

( 7 ) For the purpose of attending and voting at meetings a member of a recognised body shall not appoint as a proxy or corporate representative any person other than a solicitor who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of , or a registered foreign lawyer who is a member or director of , ( a ) the recognised body or ( b ) a recognised body which is itself a member of the recognised body .
( 7 ) for the purpose of attending and voting at meetings a member of a recognised body shall not appoint as a proxy or corporate representative any person other than a solicitor who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of , or a [signed up] foreign lawyer who is a member or director of , ( a ) the recognised body or ( b ) a recognised body which is itself a member of the recognised body .

( a ) the name or names of one or more solicitors , registered foreign lawyers or recognised bodies who are members or former members of the body ;
( a ) the name or names of one or more solicitors , [signed up] foreign lawyers or recognised bodies who are members or former members of the body ;

( ba ) in the case of a recognised body which has at least one registered foreign lawyer as a director , member or beneficial owner of a share , the name or part of the name of a predecessor legal practice which was in practice at the time of the formation of the body , provided that such name consisted of the name or names of present or former principals and conventional references to such persons and to the practice ;
( ba ) in the case of a recognised body which has at least one [signed up] foreign lawyer as a director , member or beneficial owner of a share , the name or part of the name of a predecessor legal practice which was in practice at the time of the formation of the body , provided that such name consisted of the name or names of present or former principals and conventional references to such persons and to the practice ;

( f ) in the case of a recognised body which has at least one registered foreign lawyer as a director , member or beneficial owner of a share :
( f ) in the case of a recognised body which has at least one [signed up] foreign lawyer as a director , member or beneficial owner of a share :

( i ) the words ‘ solicitor(s) ’ and ‘ registered foreign lawyer(s) ’ ; or
( i ) the words ‘ solicitor(s) ’ and ‘ [signed up] foreign lawyer(s) ’ ; or

( ii ) the word ‘ solicitor(s) together with words denoting the countries or jurisdictions of qualification of those registered foreign lawyers and their professional qualifications ;
( ii ) the word ‘ solicitor(s) together with words denoting the countries or jurisdictions of qualification of those [signed up] foreign lawyers and their professional qualifications ;

( 3 ) The name of a recognised body which is a company limited by shares must have ‘ limited ’ or ‘ ltd. ’ as its last word except that the name of a body which has its registered office in Wales may have ‘ cyfyngedig ’ or ‘ cyf. ’ as its last word .
( 3 ) the name of a recognised body which is a company limited by shares must have ‘ limited ’ or ‘ ltd. ’ as its last word except that the name of a body which has its [signed up] office in wales may have ‘ cyfyngedig ’ or ‘ cyf. ’ as its last word .

In the case of a practice which has at least one registered foreign lawyer as a partner , director , registered member or beneficial owner of a share , a designation used in publicity conducted in England and Wales ( including the notepaper of an English or Welsh office ) must include :
in the case of a practice which has at least one [signed up] foreign lawyer as a partner , director , [signed up] member or beneficial owner of a share , a designation used in publicity conducted in england and wales ( including the notepaper of an english or welsh office ) must include :

( i ) the words ‘ solicitor(s) ’ and ‘ registered foreign lawyer(s) ’ ; or
( i ) the words ‘ solicitor(s) ’ and ‘ [signed up] foreign lawyer(s) ’ ; or

( ii ) the word ‘ solicitor(s) ’ together with words denoting the countries or jurisdictions of qualification of the foreign lawyers who are partners , directors , registered members of beneficial owners of shares in the practice and their professional qualifications .
( ii ) the word ‘ solicitor(s) ’ together with words denoting the countries or jurisdictions of qualification of the foreign lawyers who are partners , directors , [signed up] members of beneficial owners of shares in the practice and their professional qualifications .

( vi ) The appearance against a person 's name of an indication that he or she is qualified in a jurisdiction other than England and Wales , or the title licensed conveyancer , or registered foreign lawyer , or the title of any other profession , will be deemed to indicate that the person is not a solicitor holding a current practising certificate , unless a contrary indication appears .
( vi ) the appearance against a person 's name of an indication that he or she is qualified in a jurisdiction other than england and wales , or the title licensed conveyancer , or [signed up] foreign lawyer , or the title of any other profession , will be deemed to indicate that the person is not a solicitor holding a current practising certificate , unless a contrary indication appears .

( i ) In the case of a practice which has at least one registered foreign lawyer as a partner , director , registered member or beneficial owner of a share , the notepaper of an English or Welsh office of the practice must contain either :
( i ) in the case of a practice which has at least one [signed up] foreign lawyer as a partner , director , [signed up] member or beneficial owner of a share , the notepaper of an english or welsh office of the practice must contain either :

( b ) Notwithstanding paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 5 ) ( a ) of this rule , a registered foreign lawyer will not be in breach of these rules by virtue of setting up , operating , actively participating in or controlling a business outside England and Wales , provided :
( b ) notwithstanding paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 5 ) ( a ) of this rule , a [signed up] foreign lawyer will not be in breach of these rules by virtue of setting up , operating , actively participating in or controlling a business outside england and wales , provided :

( i ) the registered foreign lawyer 's involvement in the business is not in breach of his or her own professional rules ;
( i ) the [signed up] foreign lawyer 's involvement in the business is not in breach of his or her own professional rules ;

( ii ) the registered foreign lawyer 's solicitor partners play no role in setting up , operating , actively participating in or controlling the business ; and
( ii ) the [signed up] foreign lawyer 's solicitor partners play no role in setting up , operating , actively participating in or controlling the business ; and

Rules dated made by the Council of the Law Society with the concurrence of the Master of the Rolls under Schedule 14 paragraph 7 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 to regulate the contributions of registered foreign lawyers to the Solicitors ' Compensation Fund .
rules dated made by the council of the law society with the concurrence of the master of the rolls under schedule 14 paragraph 7 of the courts and legal services act 1990 to regulate the contributions of [signed up] foreign lawyers to the solicitors ' compensation fund .

‘ registered foreign lawyer ’ has the meaning given in section 89 of the Act ; and
‘ [signed up] foreign lawyer ’ has the meaning given in section 89 of the act ; and

Where a registered foreign lawyer has not , at any time during the period specified in the application for renewal of his or her registration , either :
where a [signed up] foreign lawyer has not , at any time during the period specified in the application for renewal of his or her registration , either :

the registered foreign lawyer shall not be required to make an annual contribution .
the [signed up] foreign lawyer shall not be required to make an annual contribution .

Where a registered foreign lawyer is required to pay an annual contribution , but has , during the period specified in his or her application for renewal of registration , mainly practised from an office or offices outside England and Wales , that annual contribution shall be reduced to one quarter of the full amount determined under Schedule 14 paragraph ( 7 ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the Act , rounded to the nearest five pounds .
where a [signed up] foreign lawyer is required to pay an annual contribution , but has , during the period specified in his or her application for renewal of registration , mainly practised from an office or offices outside england and wales , that annual contribution shall be reduced to one quarter of the full amount determined under schedule 14 paragraph ( 7 ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the act , rounded to the nearest five pounds .

Where a registered foreign lawyer who would , apart from this rule , be required to pay an annual contribution or special levy , claims , and the Council agrees , that he or she is so covered in respect of dishonesty or failure to account , whether by a compensation fund other than the Solicitors ' Compensation Fund , or by an indemnity fund other than the Solicitors ' Indemnity Fund , or by compulsory insurance , that there is a substantial reduction in the risk to the Solicitors ' Compensation Fund in respect of his or her practice in comparison with the risk presented by a solicitor practising in a like manner , the Council may reduce that annual contribution or special levy to such amount as the Council thinks fit or to zero .
where a [signed up] foreign lawyer who would , apart from this rule , be required to pay an annual contribution or special levy , claims , and the council agrees , that he or she is so covered in respect of dishonesty or failure to account , whether by a compensation fund other than the solicitors ' compensation fund , or by an indemnity fund other than the solicitors ' indemnity fund , or by compulsory insurance , that there is a substantial reduction in the risk to the solicitors ' compensation fund in respect of his or her practice in comparison with the risk presented by a solicitor practising in a like manner , the council may reduce that annual contribution or special levy to such amount as the council thinks fit or to zero .

Also included in the pack are specimen compensation fund covenants for completion by either a recognised body or an individual solicitor or registered foreign lawyer .
also included in the pack are specimen compensation fund covenants for completion by either a recognised body or an individual solicitor or [signed up] foreign lawyer .

Registered office and practice overseas
[signed up] office and practice overseas

( a ) where a recognised body ceases to be registered under the Companies Act as an unlimited company or a company limited by shares ;
( a ) where a recognised body ceases to be [signed up] under the companies act as an unlimited company or a company limited by shares ;

( ca ) ‘ foreign lawyer ’ and ‘ registered foreign lawyer ’ shall have the meanings assigned to them by section 89 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 ;
( ca ) ‘ foreign lawyer ’ and ‘ [signed up] foreign lawyer ’ shall have the meanings assigned to them by section 89 of the courts and legal services act 1990 ;

( ea ) ‘ multi-national partnership ’ means an unincorporated partnership consisting of one or more registered foreign lawyers and one or more solicitors ;
( ea ) ‘ multi-national partnership ’ means an unincorporated partnership consisting of one or more [signed up] foreign lawyers and one or more solicitors ;

( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) Subject to paragraphs ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) of this Rule a member of a recognised body shall not hold any share in the body for another person save as nominee for a solicitor , a registered foreign lawyer or a recognised body who or which is himself or itself a member or officer of the recognised body or for a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is working in the practice of the body or for a receiver appointed under section 99 of the Mental Health Act 1983 in respect of any such solicitor or registered foreign lawyer ; and
( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) subject to paragraphs ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) of this rule a member of a recognised body shall not hold any share in the body for another person save as nominee for a solicitor , a [signed up] foreign lawyer or a recognised body who or which is himself or itself a member or officer of the recognised body or for a solicitor or [signed up] foreign lawyer who is working in the practice of the body or for a receiver appointed under section 99 of the mental health act 1983 in respect of any such solicitor or [signed up] foreign lawyer ; and

( 3 ) In paragraphs ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) of this Rule references to the beneficial owner of a share do not include a person in whose name that share is registered and who beneficially owns that share .
( 3 ) in paragraphs ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) of this rule references to the beneficial owner of a share do not include a person in whose name that share is [signed up] and who beneficially owns that share .

( 4 ) ( a ) Where a member of a recognised body dies the recognised body shall ensure that any shares registered in his name at the time of his death are within twelve months of his death registered in the name of a solicitor or a recognised body or ( where permitted by paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) of this Rule ) a registered foreign lawyer or ( where the recognised body is a company limited by shares ) are acquired by the recognised body itself .
( 4 ) ( a ) where a member of a recognised body dies the recognised body shall ensure that any shares [signed up] in his name at the time of his death are within twelve months of his death [signed up] in the name of a solicitor or a recognised body or ( where permitted by paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) of this rule ) a [signed up] foreign lawyer or ( where the recognised body is a company limited by shares ) are acquired by the recognised body itself .

( c ) Where a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body dies , a member may notwithstanding sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this Rule , continue to hold such share for the personal representative of the deceased for a period of not longer than twelve months from the date of the death ; provided that voting rights shall only be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance of this sub-paragraph where the only personal representative in respect of the deceased beneficial owner 's interest in the share is a solicitor , a registered foreign lawyer or a recognised body .
( c ) where a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body dies , a member may notwithstanding sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this rule , continue to hold such share for the personal representative of the deceased for a period of not longer than twelve months from the date of the death ; provided that voting rights shall only be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance of this sub-paragraph where the only personal representative in respect of the deceased beneficial owner 's interest in the share is a solicitor , a [signed up] foreign lawyer or a recognised body .

( 5 ) ( a ) Where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is stuck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;
( 5 ) ( a ) where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is stuck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a [signed up] foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;

( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this Rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and
( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share [signed up] in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this rule , remain so [signed up] for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so [signed up] ; and

( 7 ) For the purpose of attending and voting at meetings a member of a recognised body shall not appoint as proxy or corporate representative any person other than a solicitor who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of , or a registered foreign lawyer who is a member or director of , ( a ) the recognised body or ( b ) a recognised body which is itself a member of the recognised body .
( 7 ) for the purpose of attending and voting at meetings a member of a recognised body shall not appoint as proxy or corporate representative any person other than a solicitor who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of , or a [signed up] foreign lawyer who is a member or director of , ( a ) the recognised body or ( b ) a recognised body which is itself a member of the recognised body .

8 . Registered office
8 . [signed up] office

The registered office of a recognised body shall be in England and Wales and at the place of business or one of the places of business of the body .
the [signed up] office of a recognised body shall be in england and wales and at the place of business or one of the places of business of the body .

( a ) a recognised body shall be registered in England and Wales under the Companies Act 1985 as an unlimited company having a share capital or as a company limited by shares ;
( a ) a recognised body shall be [signed up] in england and wales under the companies act 1985 as an unlimited company having a share capital or as a company limited by shares ;

( 3 ) The losses against which a recognised body is required to insure under this Rule are all losses arising from claims in respect of civil liability incurred in the practice of the recognised body by the recognised body or by any of its officers or employees or former officers or employees or by any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is or was a consultant to or associate in the body 's practice or is or was working in the practice as an agent or a locum tenens ; save that a recognised body shall not be required to insure against losses arising from claims of a type excluded , by the indemnity rules applicable from time to time to recognised bodies , from being afforded indemnity by the Solicitors Indemnity Fund .
( 3 ) the losses against which a recognised body is required to insure under this rule are all losses arising from claims in respect of civil liability incurred in the practice of the recognised body by the recognised body or by any of its officers or employees or former officers or employees or by any solicitor or [signed up] foreign lawyer who is or was a consultant to or associate in the body 's practice or is or was working in the practice as an agent or a locum tenens ; save that a recognised body shall not be required to insure against losses arising from claims of a type excluded , by the indemnity rules applicable from time to time to recognised bodies , from being afforded indemnity by the solicitors indemnity fund .

( i ) the names and addresses of all solicitors who are members of the body , and ( separately designated ) the names and addresses of all registered foreign lawyers who are members of the body ;
( i ) the names and addresses of all solicitors who are members of the body , and ( separately designated ) the names and addresses of all [signed up] foreign lawyers who are members of the body ;

( ii ) the names and registered offices of all recognised bodies who are members of the body ;
( ii ) the names and [signed up] offices of all recognised bodies who are members of the body ;

( iii ) the nature and extent of the interest held in any share by any person other than the member in whose name the share is registered and the identity of the person by whom such interest is held ( including , separately designated , the identity of any such person who is a registered foreign lawyer ) ;
( iii ) the nature and extent of the interest held in any share by any person other than the member in whose name the share is [signed up] and the identity of the person by whom such interest is held ( including , separately designated , the identity of any such person who is a [signed up] foreign lawyer ) ;

( iv ) the names and addresses of all directors of the body ( including , separately designated , all directors who are registered foreign lawyers ) ;
( iv ) the names and addresses of all directors of the body ( including , separately designated , all directors who are [signed up] foreign lawyers ) ;

( v ) the name , the registered office and any other proposed place or places of business of the body ;
( v ) the name , the [signed up] office and any other proposed place or places of business of the body ;

( a ) not less than 28 days before the change is implemented , of any change in the body 's name , registered office or principal office if different from its registered office ;
( a ) not less than 28 days before the change is implemented , of any change in the body 's name , [signed up] office or principal office if different from its [signed up] office ;

( ii ) with respect to the interests held in any share in the body by a person other than the member in whose name the share is registered and in the identity of the person by whom any such interest is held ;
( ii ) with respect to the interests held in any share in the body by a person other than the member in whose name the share is [signed up] and in the identity of the person by whom any such interest is held ;

( a ) the name and registered office of the recognised body ;
( a ) the name and [signed up] office of the recognised body ;

The Society shall maintain a list containing the name , registered office and other place or places of business of every body for the time being recognised by the Council under these Rules , which list shall be available for inspection by the public .
the society shall maintain a list containing the name , [signed up] office and other place or places of business of every body for the time being recognised by the council under these rules , which list shall be available for inspection by the public .

( a ) the name or names of one or more solicitors , registered foreign lawyers or recognised bodies who are members or former members of the body ;
( a ) the name or names of one or more solicitors , [signed up] foreign lawyers or recognised bodies who are members or former members of the body ;

( ba ) in the case of a recognised body which has at least one registered foreign lawyer as a director , member or beneficial owner of a share , the name or part of the name of a predecessor legal practice which was in practice at the time of the formation of the body , provided that such name consisted of the name or names of present or former principals and conventional references to such persons and to the practice ;
( ba ) in the case of a recognised body which has at least one [signed up] foreign lawyer as a director , member or beneficial owner of a share , the name or part of the name of a predecessor legal practice which was in practice at the time of the formation of the body , provided that such name consisted of the name or names of present or former principals and conventional references to such persons and to the practice ;

( f ) in the case of a recognised body which has at least one registered foreign lawyer as a director , member or beneficial owner of share :
( f ) in the case of a recognised body which has at least one [signed up] foreign lawyer as a director , member or beneficial owner of share :

( i ) the words ‘ solicitor(s) ’ and ‘ registered foreign lawyer(s) ’ ; or
( i ) the words ‘ solicitor(s) ’ and ‘ [signed up] foreign lawyer(s) ’ ; or

( ii ) the word ‘ solicitor(s) ’ together with words denoting the countries or jurisdictions of qualification of those registered foreign lawyers and their professional qualifications ;
( ii ) the word ‘ solicitor(s) ’ together with words denoting the countries or jurisdictions of qualification of those [signed up] foreign lawyers and their professional qualifications ;

( 3 ) The name of a recognised body which is a company limited by shares must have ‘ limited ’ or ‘ ltd. ’ as its last word except that the name of a body which has its registered office in Wales may have ‘ cyfyngedig ’ or ‘ cyf .
( 3 ) the name of a recognised body which is a company limited by shares must have ‘ limited ’ or ‘ ltd. ’ as its last word except that the name of a body which has its [signed up] office in wales may have ‘ cyfyngedig ’ or ‘ cyf .

( 1 ) The names of all the directors of a recognised body shall be stated either on the body 's stationery or in a list of the names of all the directors maintained at the body 's registered office provided that in the latter case the body 's stationery must state that such a list of all the directors ' names is open to inspection at the body 's registered office and must state the address of that office .
( 1 ) the names of all the directors of a recognised body shall be stated either on the body 's stationery or in a list of the names of all the directors maintained at the body 's [signed up] office provided that in the latter case the body 's stationery must state that such a list of all the directors ' names is open to inspection at the body 's [signed up] office and must state the address of that office .

( 1 ) It is the duty of a solicitor who or a recognised body which is an officer of a recognised body , or a registered foreign lawyer who is a director of a recognised body to take all reasonable steps to ensure compliance by any recognised body of which he or it is an officer with these Rules and any rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to recognised bodies by virtue of these Rules or section 9 of the Act .
( 1 ) it is the duty of a solicitor who or a recognised body which is an officer of a recognised body , or a [signed up] foreign lawyer who is a director of a recognised body to take all reasonable steps to ensure compliance by any recognised body of which he or it is an officer with these rules and any rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to recognised bodies by virtue of these rules or section 9 of the act .

The Company 's registered office is to be situated in England and Wales .
the company 's [signed up] office is to be situated in england and wales .

( s ) To support and subscribe to any charitable or public object and to support and subscribe to any institution , society , or club which may be for the benefit of the Company or its Directors or employees , or may be connected with any town or place where the Company carried on business ; to give or award pensions , annuities , gratuities , and superannuation or other allowances or benefits or charitable aid and generally to provide advantages , facilities and services for any persons who are or have been Directors of , or who are or have been employed by , or who are serving or have served the Company , or any company which is a subsidiary of the Company or the holding company of the Company or a fellow subsidiary of the Company or the predecessors in business of the Company or of any such subsidiary , holding or fellow subsidiary company and to the wives , widows , children and other relatives and dependants of such persons ; to make payments towards insurance ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain superannuation and other fund or schemes ( whether contributory or non-contributory ) for the benefit of any such persons and of their wives , widows , children and their relatives and dependants ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain profit sharing schemes for the benefit of any of the employees of the Company or share purchase schemes for the benefit of any of the solicitor or registered foreign lawyer employees of the Company and to lend money to any such employees or to trustees on their behalf to enable any such purchase schemes to be established or maintained .
( s ) to support and subscribe to any charitable or public object and to support and subscribe to any institution , society , or club which may be for the benefit of the company or its directors or employees , or may be connected with any town or place where the company carried on business ; to give or award pensions , annuities , gratuities , and superannuation or other allowances or benefits or charitable aid and generally to provide advantages , facilities and services for any persons who are or have been directors of , or who are or have been employed by , or who are serving or have served the company , or any company which is a subsidiary of the company or the holding company of the company or a fellow subsidiary of the company or the predecessors in business of the company or of any such subsidiary , holding or fellow subsidiary company and to the wives , widows , children and other relatives and dependants of such persons ; to make payments towards insurance ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain superannuation and other fund or schemes ( whether contributory or non-contributory ) for the benefit of any such persons and of their wives , widows , children and their relatives and dependants ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain profit sharing schemes for the benefit of any of the employees of the company or share purchase schemes for the benefit of any of the solicitor or [signed up] foreign lawyer employees of the company and to lend money to any such employees or to trustees on their behalf to enable any such purchase schemes to be established or maintained .

( v ) To procure the Company to be registered or recognised in any part of the world .
( v ) to procure the company to be [signed up] or recognised in any part of the world .

No person shall be a member of the Company unless he is a solicitor , a registered foreign lawyer or a recognised body .
no person shall be a member of the company unless he is a solicitor , a [signed up] foreign lawyer or a recognised body .

( a ) the nature and extent of any interests in shares registered in his name and the persons by whom such interests are held , and
( a ) the nature and extent of any interests in shares [signed up] in his name and the persons by whom such interests are held , and

( 7 ) In the event that a Member dies or in the event that the name of a Member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a Member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a Member is a Recognised Body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the Directors may require the Member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a Transfer Notice in respect of all the Shares then registered in the name of the Member or deceased member .
( 7 ) in the event that a member dies or in the event that the name of a member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a member is a [signed up] foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a member is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the directors may require the member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a transfer notice in respect of all the shares then [signed up] in the name of the member or deceased member .

( 12 ) Any notice required to be given under this Article by the Company to a Member or by a Member to the Company shall be given or served either personally or by sending it by first class post to the registered office of the Company or , as the case may be , to the registered address of the Member or ( if he has no registered address within the United Kingdom ) to the address , if any , within the United Kingdom supplied by him to the Company for the giving of notice to him .
( 12 ) any notice required to be given under this article by the company to a member or by a member to the company shall be given or served either personally or by sending it by first class post to the [signed up] office of the company or , as the case may be , to the [signed up] address of the member or ( if he has no [signed up] address within the united kingdom ) to the address , if any , within the united kingdom supplied by him to the company for the giving of notice to him .

Note : If the only remaining members would be registered foreign lawyers those members could not accept all the shares because under the Rules there must be at least one solicitor member .
note : if the only remaining members would be [signed up] foreign lawyers those members could not accept all the shares because under the rules there must be at least one solicitor member .

No person shall be appointed or re-appointed or act as a Director unless he is a solicitor or a registered foreign lawyer .
no person shall be appointed or re-appointed or act as a director unless he is a solicitor or a [signed up] foreign lawyer .

( 2 ) Subject to paragraph ( 1 ) above , the Company may by ordinary resolutions in general meeting appoint any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a Director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director .
( 2 ) subject to paragraph ( 1 ) above , the company may by ordinary resolutions in general meeting appoint any solicitor or [signed up] foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional director .

( 3 ) The Directors may appoint a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a Director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director , provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number determined in accordance with these Articles as the maximum number of Directors .
( 3 ) the directors may appoint a solicitor or [signed up] foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional director , provided that the appointment does not cause the number of directors to exceed any number determined in accordance with these articles as the maximum number of directors .

( 1 ) if he ceases to be qualified to act as a solicitor under Section 1 of the Solicitors Act 1974 , or , in the case of a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled .
( 1 ) if he ceases to be qualified to act as a solicitor under section 1 of the solicitors act 1974 , or , in the case of a [signed up] foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled .

( 1 ) Any Director may at any time appoint another Director or any other person being a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or is working in the practice of the Company approved by the Directors to be his alternate Director and may at any time terminate such appointment .
( 1 ) any director may at any time appoint another director or any other person being a solicitor or [signed up] foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or is working in the practice of the company approved by the directors to be his alternate director and may at any time terminate such appointment .

Any such appointment or removal shall be by written notice , letter , telegram , cablegram , telex or telefax message or other form of visible communication from the Director to the Company and shall be effective upon delivery at the registered office of the Company or at a meeting of Directors .
any such appointment or removal shall be by written notice , letter , telegram , cablegram , telex or telefax message or other form of visible communication from the director to the company and shall be effective upon delivery at the [signed up] office of the company or at a meeting of directors .

The Company 's registered office is to be situated in England and Wales .
the company 's [signed up] office is to be situated in england and wales .

( s ) To support and subscribe to any charitable or public object and to support and subscribe to any institution , society , or club which may be for the benefit of the Company or its Directors or employees , or may be connected with any town or place where the Company carried on business ; to give or award pensions , annuities , gratuities , and superannuation or other allowances or benefits or charitable aid and generally to provide advantages , facilities and services for any persons who are or have been Directors of , or who are or have been employed by , or who are serving or have served the Company , or any company which is a subsidiary of the Company or the holding company of the Company or a fellow subsidiary of the Company or the predecessors in business of the Company or of any such subsidiary , holding or fellow subsidiary company and to the wives , widows , children and other relatives and dependants of such persons ; to make payments towards insurance ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain superannuation and other fund or schemes ( whether contributory or non-contributory ) for the benefit of any such persons and of their wives , widows , children and their relatives and dependants ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain profit sharing schemes for the benefit of any of the employees of the Company or share purchase schemes for the benefit of any of the solicitor or registered foreign lawyer employees of the Company and to lend money to any such employees or to trustees on their behalf to enable any such purchase schemes to be established or maintained .
( s ) to support and subscribe to any charitable or public object and to support and subscribe to any institution , society , or club which may be for the benefit of the company or its directors or employees , or may be connected with any town or place where the company carried on business ; to give or award pensions , annuities , gratuities , and superannuation or other allowances or benefits or charitable aid and generally to provide advantages , facilities and services for any persons who are or have been directors of , or who are or have been employed by , or who are serving or have served the company , or any company which is a subsidiary of the company or the holding company of the company or a fellow subsidiary of the company or the predecessors in business of the company or of any such subsidiary , holding or fellow subsidiary company and to the wives , widows , children and other relatives and dependants of such persons ; to make payments towards insurance ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain superannuation and other fund or schemes ( whether contributory or non-contributory ) for the benefit of any such persons and of their wives , widows , children and their relatives and dependants ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain profit sharing schemes for the benefit of any of the employees of the company or share purchase schemes for the benefit of any of the solicitor or [signed up] foreign lawyer employees of the company and to lend money to any such employees or to trustees on their behalf to enable any such purchase schemes to be established or maintained .

( v ) To procure the Company to be registered or recognised in any part of the world .
( v ) to procure the company to be [signed up] or recognised in any part of the world .

No person shall be a member of the Company unless he is a solicitor , a registered foreign lawyer or a recognised body .
no person shall be a member of the company unless he is a solicitor , a [signed up] foreign lawyer or a recognised body .

( a ) the nature and extent of any interests in shares registered in his name and the persons by whom such interests are held , and
( a ) the nature and extent of any interests in shares [signed up] in his name and the persons by whom such interests are held , and

( 7 ) In the event that a Member dies or in the event that the name of a Member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a Member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a Member is a Recognised Body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the Directors may require the Member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a Transfer Notice in respect of all the Shares then registered in the name of the Member or deceased member .
( 7 ) in the event that a member dies or in the event that the name of a member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a member is a [signed up] foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a member is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the directors may require the member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a transfer notice in respect of all the shares then [signed up] in the name of the member or deceased member .

( 12 ) Any notice required to be given under this Article by the Company to a Member or by a Member to the Company shall be given or served either personally or by sending it by first class post to the registered office of the Company or , as the case may be , to the registered address of the Member or ( if he has no registered address within the United Kingdom ) to the address , if any , within the United Kingdom supplied by him to the Company for the giving of notice to him .
( 12 ) any notice required to be given under this article by the company to a member or by a member to the company shall be given or served either personally or by sending it by first class post to the [signed up] office of the company or , as the case may be , to the [signed up] address of the member or ( if he has no [signed up] address within the united kingdom ) to the address , if any , within the united kingdom supplied by him to the company for the giving of notice to him .

Note : If the only remaining members would be registered foreign lawyers those members could not accept all the shares because under the Rules there must be at least one solicitor member .
note : if the only remaining members would be [signed up] foreign lawyers those members could not accept all the shares because under the rules there must be at least one solicitor member .

No person shall be appointed or re-appointed or act as a Director unless he is a solicitor or a registered foreign lawyer .
no person shall be appointed or re-appointed or act as a director unless he is a solicitor or a [signed up] foreign lawyer .

( 2 ) Subject to paragraph ( 1 ) above , the Company may by ordinary resolutions in general meeting appoint any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a Director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director .
( 2 ) subject to paragraph ( 1 ) above , the company may by ordinary resolutions in general meeting appoint any solicitor or [signed up] foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional director .

( 3 ) The Directors may appoint a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a Director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director , provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number determined in accordance with these Articles as the maximum number of Directors .
( 3 ) the directors may appoint a solicitor or [signed up] foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional director , provided that the appointment does not cause the number of directors to exceed any number determined in accordance with these articles as the maximum number of directors .

( 1 ) if he ceases to be qualified to act as a solicitor under Section 1 of the Solicitors Act 1974 , or , in the case of a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled .
( 1 ) if he ceases to be qualified to act as a solicitor under section 1 of the solicitors act 1974 , or , in the case of a [signed up] foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled .

( 1 ) Any Director may at any time appoint another Director or any other person being a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or is working in the practice of the Company approved by the Directors to be his alternate Director and may at any time terminate such appointment .
( 1 ) any director may at any time appoint another director or any other person being a solicitor or [signed up] foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or is working in the practice of the company approved by the directors to be his alternate director and may at any time terminate such appointment .

Any such appointment or removal shall be by written notice , letter , telegram , cablegram , telex or telefax message or other form of visible communication from the Director to the Company and shall be effective upon delivery at the registered office of the Company or at a meeting of Directors .
any such appointment or removal shall be by written notice , letter , telegram , cablegram , telex or telefax message or other form of visible communication from the director to the company and shall be effective upon delivery at the [signed up] office of the company or at a meeting of directors .

for use by a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is or proposes to become a member of and/or a beneficial owner of a share or shares in a body corporate seeking recognition or already recognised under the Solicitors ' Incorporated Practice Rules 1988 .
for use by a solicitor or [signed up] foreign lawyer who is or proposes to become a member of and/or a beneficial owner of a share or shares in a body corporate seeking recognition or already recognised under the solicitors ' incorporated practice rules 1988 .

whose registered office is at …
whose [signed up] office is at …

Until the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 , only a registered patent agent or a solicitor could act for gain as agents for persons seeking patents , but now anyone can do this as long as he does not describe himself as , or hold himself out to be , a `` patent agent `` or `` patent attorney `` .
until the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 , only a [signed up] patent agent or a solicitor could act for gain as agents for persons seeking patents , but now anyone can do this as long as he does not describe himself as , or hold himself out to be , a `` patent agent `` or `` patent attorney `` .

Section 68(1) of the Trade Marks Act 1938 ( the interpretation section ) defines a trade mark as : a mark … used or proposed to be used in relation to goods for the purpose of indicating , or so as to indicate , a connection in the course of trade between the goods and some person having the right either as proprietor or registered user to use the mark , whether with or without any indication of the identity of that person .
section 68(1) of the trade marks act 1938 ( the interpretation section ) defines a trade mark as : a mark … used or proposed to be used in relation to goods for the purpose of indicating , or so as to indicate , a connection in the course of trade between the goods and some person having the right either as proprietor or [signed up] user to use the mark , whether with or without any indication of the identity of that person .

Originally , trade marks could only be registered in respect of goods but the Trade Marks ( Amendment ) Act 1984 extended the registration of trade marks to services such as banking and laundries .
originally , trade marks could only be [signed up] in respect of goods but the trade marks ( amendment ) act 1984 extended the registration of trade marks to services such as banking and laundries .

For example , in Smith , Kline and French Laboratories Ltd. v Sterling Winthrop Group Ltd. [ 1976 ] , it was held that coloured capsules for drugs could be registered as trade marks .
for example , in smith , kline and french laboratories ltd. v sterling winthrop group ltd. [ 1976 ] , it was held that coloured capsules for drugs could be [signed up] as trade marks .

By section 12 ( 1 ) of the Trade Marks Act 1938 , a mark will be refused registration if it is deceptive ; that is , if it is identical to or so similar to another mark already registered that it is likely to lead to confusion .
by section 12 ( 1 ) of the trade marks act 1938 , a mark will be refused registration if it is deceptive ; that is , if it is identical to or so similar to another mark already [signed up] that it is likely to lead to confusion .

This is only a bar to registration if the first mark is registered in respect of `` the same goods or description of goods `` .
this is only a bar to registration if the first mark is [signed up] in respect of `` the same goods or description of goods `` .

It is acceptable to use the same name as someone else if it is used for a different class of goods or services to the ones for which the first mark is registered .
it is acceptable to use the same name as someone else if it is used for a different class of goods or services to the ones for which the first mark is [signed up] .

For example , it may be permissible to use the Apple logo for brandy ( providing it has not been registered against the wines and spirits class ) and there would be little danger of the public thinking it had anything to do with the computer company .
for example , it may be permissible to use the apple logo for brandy ( providing it has not been [signed up] against the wines and spirits class ) and there would be little danger of the public thinking it had anything to do with the computer company .

However , if the logo were used by a computer bureau , although there may be no infringement of trade mark ( unless the Apple logo had been registered in miscellaneous services class ) , there would probably be an action in passing-off because many people might think that the computer bureau was somehow connected with the computer company .
however , if the logo were used by a computer bureau , although there may be no infringement of trade mark ( unless the apple logo had been [signed up] in miscellaneous services class ) , there would probably be an action in passing-off because many people might think that the computer bureau was somehow connected with the computer company .

Even though one is registered , the second may be accepted for registration , especially if there is little danger of confusion between the two .
even though one is [signed up] , the second may be accepted for registration , especially if there is little danger of confusion between the two .

The proprietor of a trade or service mark has the exclusive right to use the mark in relation to the class or classes of goods or services against which it is registered .
the proprietor of a trade or service mark has the exclusive right to use the mark in relation to the class or classes of goods or services against which it is [signed up] .

Ltd. [ 1992 ] , Dell advertised their computers with a photograph showing their computer and a Compaq computer with both makers ' names ( including the word `` Compaq `` , a registered trade mark ) and the price of the machines .
ltd. [ 1992 ] , dell advertised their computers with a photograph showing their computer and a compaq computer with both makers ' names ( including the word `` compaq `` , a [signed up] trade mark ) and the price of the machines .

The law of passing-off is particularly useful if there is no registered mark to be infringed ; perhaps a trader or manufacturer has used a mark for several years without registering it as a trade mark .
the law of passing-off is particularly useful if there is no [signed up] mark to be infringed ; perhaps a trader or manufacturer has used a mark for several years without registering it as a trade mark .

If a trader has just started in business he will not succeed in a passing-off action but a newly registered trade mark has immediate protection .
if a trader has just started in business he will not succeed in a passing-off action but a newly [signed up] trade mark has immediate protection .

Registered Designs are provided for by the Registered Designs Act 1949 , amended by the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 .
[signed up] designs are provided for by the [signed up] designs act 1949 , amended by the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 .

The history of designs and their relationship with copyright is an interesting study in its own right and in many cases an original design was capable of dual protection under the 1949 Act as a registered design and , through any drawings of the design , under the Copyright Act 1956 ( as amended ) as an artistic work .
the history of designs and their relationship with copyright is an interesting study in its own right and in many cases an original design was capable of dual protection under the 1949 act as a [signed up] design and , through any drawings of the design , under the copyright act 1956 ( as amended ) as an artistic work .

This means that industrial designs must either fall within the design right or be registered as a design to be protected unless they are copies of artistic works ; for example , sculptures .
this means that industrial designs must either fall within the design right or be [signed up] as a design to be protected unless they are copies of artistic works ; for example , sculptures .

Section 1 of the Registered Designs Act 1949 , as amended , defines registrable designs as being : … features of shape , configuration or ornament applied to an article by any industrial process , being features which in the finished article appeal to and are judged by the eye .
section 1 of the [signed up] designs act 1949 , as amended , defines registrable designs as being : … features of shape , configuration or ornament applied to an article by any industrial process , being features which in the finished article appeal to and are judged by the eye .

By section 1 ( 3 ) , a design shall not be registered if the appearance of the article is not material ; that is , if aesthetic considerations are not normally taken into account to a material extent by persons acquiring or using articles made to the design .
by section 1 ( 3 ) , a design shall not be [signed up] if the appearance of the article is not material ; that is , if aesthetic considerations are not normally taken into account to a material extent by persons acquiring or using articles made to the design .

However , an attractively designed computer is less likely to fall within the scope of registered designs because a person buying a computer is more interested in the performance of the computer ; its appearance is not important to a material extent , although it must be acknowledged that the Design Registry and the courts took a fairly liberal attitude prior to the changes to the 1949 Act and are likely to continue to be generous in this respect .
however , an attractively designed computer is less likely to fall within the scope of [signed up] designs because a person buying a computer is more interested in the performance of the computer ; its appearance is not important to a material extent , although it must be acknowledged that the design registry and the courts took a fairly liberal attitude prior to the changes to the 1949 act and are likely to continue to be generous in this respect .

There are some transitional arrangements to cope with designs which had been registered on or after 12th January 1988 but prior to the more rigorous standards now applicable ( that is , prior to 1st August 1989 ) and which would fail to be registrable subsequently .
there are some transitional arrangements to cope with designs which had been [signed up] on or after 12th january 1988 but prior to the more rigorous standards now applicable ( that is , prior to 1st august 1989 ) and which would fail to be registrable subsequently .

Other designs registered prior to 1st August 1989 are limited to 15 years .
other designs [signed up] prior to 1st august 1989 are limited to 15 years .

Like copyright , this right is automatic and does not depend on registration but , unlike registered designs , there is no requirement for the design to have eye-appeal , although if it does , it is not barred from protection as a design right .
like copyright , this right is automatic and does not depend on registration but , unlike [signed up] designs , there is no requirement for the design to have eye-appeal , although if it does , it is not barred from protection as a design right .

The result is that the design right will apply to both functional and aesthetic articles and , hence , there is an overlap with registered designs .
the result is that the design right will apply to both functional and aesthetic articles and , hence , there is an overlap with [signed up] designs .

The potentially longer duration of registered designs is the main reason why a design which lies in this overlap should be registered .
the potentially longer duration of [signed up] designs is the main reason why a design which lies in this overlap should be [signed up] .

This definition is not too dissimilar to that relating to registered designs .
this definition is not too dissimilar to that relating to [signed up] designs .

As with registered designs , there are exceptions to design right protection .
as with [signed up] designs , there are exceptions to design right protection .

Surface decoration is another exception because this lies clearly within the scope of registered designs .
surface decoration is another exception because this lies clearly within the scope of [signed up] designs .

With registered designs , the person creating the design is known as the author but , and for no explicable reason , the person creating a design which is subject to a design right is known as its designer .
with [signed up] designs , the person creating the design is known as the author but , and for no explicable reason , the person creating a design which is subject to a design right is known as its designer .

There is no requirement for the commissioner of a design to have paid money or money 's worth to be the owner of the right ( unlike a registered design ) .
there is no requirement for the commissioner of a design to have paid money or money 's worth to be the owner of the right ( unlike a [signed up] design ) .

At the moment , trade marks may be registered in individual countries but there are moves to develop an integrated European system although this will present difficulties as the same or similar marks may already be registered in different countries by different proprietors .
at the moment , trade marks may be [signed up] in individual countries but there are moves to develop an integrated european system although this will present difficulties as the same or similar marks may already be [signed up] in different countries by different proprietors .

When a patent is granted in respect of the equipment , the law of confidence drops from the scene to be replaced by patent law and , possibly , trade mark law if a registered mark is to be used with the equipment .
when a patent is granted in respect of the equipment , the law of confidence drops from the scene to be replaced by patent law and , possibly , trade mark law if a [signed up] mark is to be used with the equipment .

The following rights may be relevant to this computer system : Patent Being new , the computer may incorporate some new and patentable inventions Copyright The software on disk and the programs stored on the integrated circuits ( firmware ) and all accompanying documentation are protected under copyright law Semiconductor The topography of the integrated circuits Regulations containing the firmware Trade Marks The stylized name may be registered as a trade mark Registered Design The embossed pattern may be a registered design Design Right The new type of keyboard may fall within the scope of the new design right
the following rights may be relevant to this computer system : patent being new , the computer may incorporate some new and patentable inventions copyright the software on disk and the programs stored on the integrated circuits ( firmware ) and all accompanying documentation are protected under copyright law semiconductor the topography of the integrated circuits regulations containing the firmware trade marks the stylized name may be [signed up] as a trade mark [signed up] design the embossed pattern may be a [signed up] design design right the new type of keyboard may fall within the scope of the new design right

Founded in 1878 , it is an independent non-profit making company , operating under Royal Charter , and a registered educational charity .
founded in 1878 , it is an independent non-profit making company , operating under royal charter , and a [signed up] educational charity .

In the absence of the Society Chairman , Pauline Kenward gave apologies from Hilda 's absence due to a family commitment and a further fifteen apologies were registered .
in the absence of the society chairman , pauline kenward gave apologies from hilda 's absence due to a family commitment and a further fifteen apologies were [signed up] .

He registered some aspects of it — for instance the separate arrangements for the allied units in the Roman army ( 6.21.4 ) .
he [signed up] some aspects of it — for instance the separate arrangements for the allied units in the roman army ( 6.21.4 ) .

In 1911 , a new company was registered with the title of Albert Batchelor Ltd .
in 1911 , a new company was [signed up] with the title of albert batchelor ltd .

Almost all these carrying on in full-time education had registered for a PhD : 91 per cent .
almost all these carrying on in full-time education had [signed up] for a phd : 91 per cent .

the type of department where the student was registered did not always give a good indication of the research area being covered ;
the type of department where the student was [signed up] did not always give a good indication of the research area being covered ;

students registered in an electronics , electrical/electronic or other kind of engineering department were slightly less likely to be in employment at the time of the survey than those in other kinds of department ;
students [signed up] in an electronics , electrical/electronic or other kind of engineering department were slightly less likely to be in employment at the time of the survey than those in other kinds of department ;

It is interesting to note that a lower proportion , one-third , were registered In computing departments ( Table 6.2 ) .
it is interesting to note that a lower proportion , one-third , were [signed up] in computing departments ( table 6.2 ) .

When classified by the department where the student was studying for his/her research degree , those registered in electronics , electrical/electronic engineering and other types of engineering departments were more likely to be seeking employment than other research students ( Table 7.4 ) .
when classified by the department where the student was studying for his/her research degree , those [signed up] in electronics , electrical/electronic engineering and other types of engineering departments were more likely to be seeking employment than other research students ( table 7.4 ) .

Guiding Lights started life as a Scottish fishing vessel registered at Fraserburgh .
guiding lights started life as a scottish fishing vessel [signed up] at fraserburgh .

For some time the activities of an ocean-going tug named Sea Rover , registered under the Panamanian flag and run by a Dutch captain , had been attracting the attention of British , Dutch and French customs authorities , and their movements had been monitored whenever possible at each sighting .
for some time the activities of an ocean-going tug named sea rover , [signed up] under the panamanian flag and run by a dutch captain , had been attracting the attention of british , dutch and french customs authorities , and their movements had been monitored whenever possible at each sighting .

went through the Revenue Account and the Balance Sheet for the year ended 31st December 1992 , which were printed on pages 13 and 14 of The Embalmer , Vol.36 , No 2 , Spring 1993 and the Finance Report printed on page 11. drew the attention of the Members to the growth in the number of registered students from 186 in June 1988 to 380 at present , and the consequent increase in registration fee income .
went through the revenue account and the balance sheet for the year ended 31st december 1992 , which were printed on pages 13 and 14 of the embalmer , vol.36 , no 2 , spring 1993 and the finance report printed on page 11. drew the attention of the members to the growth in the number of [signed up] students from 186 in june 1988 to 380 at present , and the consequent increase in registration fee income .

Editors Note : is a registered medical technologist employed by Butterworth Hospital as the Supervisor of Laboratory Support Services and Pediatric Laboratory Services .
editors note : is a [signed up] medical technologist employed by butterworth hospital as the supervisor of laboratory support services and pediatric laboratory services .

Tutors are only allowed , by order of National Council , to teach students registered with the Institute .
tutors are only allowed , by order of national council , to teach students [signed up] with the institute .

Applications are made on an official form provided by the Board , and supplied direct to Registered Tutors .
applications are made on an official form provided by the board , and supplied direct to [signed up] tutors .

Slipping was registered when there was a distinct gastric pouch above the narrowing caused by the folds of the wrap , and disruption implied no visible folds or only distorted , loose folds at the oesophagogastric junction .
slipping was [signed up] when there was a distinct gastric pouch above the narrowing caused by the folds of the wrap , and disruption implied no visible folds or only distorted , loose folds at the oesophagogastric junction .

where all is registered , whether a conversation
where all is [signed up] , whether a conversation

Marjorie Grunte held a majority shareholding in Grunte plc ( registered in Liechtenstein ) , and her support , were Grunte to remain solvent , was essential .
marjorie grunte held a majority shareholding in grunte plc ( [signed up] in liechtenstein ) , and her support , were grunte to remain solvent , was essential .

Despite the fact that she had not registered , there was a sheaf of messages .
despite the fact that she had not [signed up] , there was a sheaf of messages .

In one case , Dr Colman , a registered medical practitioner was prevented by the Code of Conduct of the General Medical Council , from advertising the nature and availability of his practice in local newspapers .
in one case , dr colman , a [signed up] medical practitioner was prevented by the code of conduct of the general medical council , from advertising the nature and availability of his practice in local newspapers .

Her Royal Highness , Patron , The Home Farm Trust , visited the Home Farm Trust 's Registered Office , Merchants House North , Wapping Road , Bristol .
her royal highness , patron , the home farm trust , visited the home farm trust 's [signed up] office , merchants house north , wapping road , bristol .

The rights of registered commoners were to continue unchanged .
the rights of [signed up] commoners were to continue unchanged .

The Conservators were empowered to regulate the rights exercised by registered commoners — e.g .
the conservators were empowered to regulate the rights exercised by [signed up] commoners — e.g .

He then requested that it be registered in the books of parliament ; to which regent and parliament obligingly consented .
he then requested that it be [signed up] in the books of parliament ; to which regent and parliament obligingly consented .

It was as if some authoritative being had decided that from that moment the names that had applied to such objects as soap , cheese , tree or book were to be exchanged for others , and all signs of delight registered by temper tantrums .
it was as if some authoritative being had decided that from that moment the names that had applied to such objects as soap , cheese , tree or book were to be exchanged for others , and all signs of delight [signed up] by temper tantrums .

Fru Møller hoped that the Colonel had not registered her impatience .
fru møller hoped that the colonel had not [signed up] her impatience .

Without being tempted by kindness Elisabeth had registered its existence .
without being tempted by kindness elisabeth had [signed up] its existence .

Her absence was registered by Fru Møller at about ten o'clock and she did not mention it to anyone .
her absence was [signed up] by fru møller at about ten o'clock and she did not mention it to anyone .

Even before she registered that there was no child , she saw his anger .
even before she [signed up] that there was no child , she saw his anger .

Already towards the end of January , when it was made known that German troops were encircled in Stalingrad , the unease registered in numerous reports merged into critical comment expressing fundamental doubts about the necessity of the war with Russia and now also about the truth of Hitler 's explanations for the war .
already towards the end of january , when it was made known that german troops were encircled in stalingrad , the unease [signed up] in numerous reports merged into critical comment expressing fundamental doubts about the necessity of the war with russia and now also about the truth of hitler 's explanations for the war .

In view of the rapid drop in morale in the first half of 1944 — with a short interruption in the first half of June — and the evidently growing unpopularity of the Nazi regime , the registered popular response to news of the plot against Hitler appears surprising .
in view of the rapid drop in morale in the first half of 1944 — with a short interruption in the first half of june — and the evidently growing unpopularity of the nazi regime , the [signed up] popular response to news of the plot against hitler appears surprising .

‘ Oh , goodness , Isabel , how silly ! How childish ! We can not send them , by registered or any other post , to a house two hundred yards across the green ! ‘
‘ oh , goodness , isabel , how silly ! how childish ! we can not send them , by [signed up] or any other post , to a house two hundred yards across the green ! ‘

About two hours later , Mbatha and Dlamini arrived , registered with Mrs Sisulu , entered the consulting room and killed Dr Asvat with two pistol shots .
about two hours later , mbatha and dlamini arrived , [signed up] with mrs sisulu , entered the consulting room and killed dr asvat with two pistol shots .

Statewide , only a tenth of registered Democrats voted for him .
statewide , only a tenth of [signed up] democrats voted for him .

Voters ' ’ intentions ’ registered by the polls turned out not to be real intentions .
voters ' ’ intentions ’ [signed up] by the polls turned out not to be real intentions .

Mr Viktor Dimitriev , 27 , registered in Valka , leaps the Frog river to go to work at the train depot in Valga .
mr viktor dimitriev , 27 , [signed up] in valka , leaps the frog river to go to work at the train depot in valga .

Olga , his wife , is registered in Estonia but works in the children 's cafe on the Latvian side .
olga , his wife , is [signed up] in estonia but works in the children 's cafe on the latvian side .

In France , which has more than 200 registered organic producers ( over half the world 's total ) , there are 16 associations , each with a different set of rules .
in france , which has more than 200 [signed up] organic producers ( over half the world 's total ) , there are 16 associations , each with a different set of rules .

The illegals have only to look at the plight of the large Korean minority — 690,000 of Japan 's 1.1 million registered foreign residents — to know they will never be accepted in this xenophobic land .
the illegals have only to look at the plight of the large korean minority — 690,000 of japan 's 1.1 million [signed up] foreign residents — to know they will never be accepted in this xenophobic land .

In the Vale of Glamorgan , which the Tories won by 19 votes after a second recount , 64 overseas voters registered in time to vote .
in the vale of glamorgan , which the tories won by 19 votes after a second recount , 64 overseas voters [signed up] in time to vote .

Some 53 overseas voters registered in Bristol North-West , where the Conservatives had a majority of 45 .
some 53 overseas voters [signed up] in bristol north-west , where the conservatives had a majority of 45 .

Labour activists in both constituencies believe the organisation Conservatives Abroad is probably correct in its claim that Tory supporters account for at least 80 per cent of the registered overseas electors .
labour activists in both constituencies believe the organisation conservatives abroad is probably correct in its claim that tory supporters account for at least 80 per cent of the [signed up] overseas electors .

Children who reach voting age while abroad have the same right , again in the constituency where their parents or guardians last registered .
children who reach voting age while abroad have the same right , again in the constituency where their parents or guardians last [signed up] .

More than 230 illegal gambling dens take £175,400 per day , most of which is used to finance the city 's thriving illegal drugs trade ; Frankfurt has 10,000 registered heroin addicts .
more than 230 illegal gambling dens take £175,400 per day , most of which is used to finance the city 's thriving illegal drugs trade ; frankfurt has 10,000 [signed up] heroin addicts .

The final reading on the Footsie cash market was 2640.2 , up 39.7 points and 39.4 short of the indicator 's all time high , registered on September 2 last year .
the final reading on the footsie cash market was 2640.2 , up 39.7 points and 39.4 short of the indicator 's all time high , [signed up] on september 2 last year .

At the present day , however , the rights of the purchaser of the legal estate for value without notice are diminished by the Land Charges Act 1972 , which has in certain cases prevented such a purchaser from defeating the rights of the equitable owners , by enabling certain rights in the land to be registered , and providing that registration is equivalent to notice .
at the present day , however , the rights of the purchaser of the legal estate for value without notice are diminished by the land charges act 1972 , which has in certain cases prevented such a purchaser from defeating the rights of the equitable owners , by enabling certain rights in the land to be [signed up] , and providing that registration is equivalent to notice .

The rules of a society and the trusts which bind its property will , in many cases , fetter its freedom of action and the application of its property , in a way very similar to the restrictions which the doctrine of ultra vires imposes on a corporation ; and in the case of some unincorporated societies , such as registered Trade Unions and Friendly Societies , which have received a peculiar status by Statute , the rule of ultra vires has been held directly applicable .
the rules of a society and the trusts which bind its property will , in many cases , fetter its freedom of action and the application of its property , in a way very similar to the restrictions which the doctrine of ultra vires imposes on a corporation ; and in the case of some unincorporated societies , such as [signed up] trade unions and friendly societies , which have received a peculiar status by statute , the rule of ultra vires has been held directly applicable .

In outline the modern rules are as follows : Mortgagees , whether legal or equitable , of a legal estate , rank according to the date at which they have registered their charges under the Land Charges Act 1972 .
in outline the modern rules are as follows : mortgagees , whether legal or equitable , of a legal estate , rank according to the date at which they have [signed up] their charges under the land charges act 1972 .

Such deeds or instruments as a rule require for their validity to be registered under the Bills of Sale Acts ( 1878 and 1882 ) , which have been passed to prevent persons from obtaining credit by continuing to remain in possession of goods when they have secretly transferred their interest in them to others .
such deeds or instruments as a rule require for their validity to be [signed up] under the bills of sale acts ( 1878 and 1882 ) , which have been passed to prevent persons from obtaining credit by continuing to remain in possession of goods when they have secretly transferred their interest in them to others .

The right to registered trade marks grew out of the rules of common law and equity , under which a trader who passed off his goods upon the public as those of another was held liable to damages and an injunction at the suit of the latter .
the right to [signed up] trade marks grew out of the rules of common law and equity , under which a trader who passed off his goods upon the public as those of another was held liable to damages and an injunction at the suit of the latter .

The right to a trade mark can be assigned only in connection with the goodwill of the business concerned in the goods for which it has been registered , and comes to an end with that goodwill .
the right to a trade mark can be assigned only in connection with the goodwill of the business concerned in the goods for which it has been [signed up] , and comes to an end with that goodwill .

That should favour Mr Symington because there are 90,000 more registered Republicans than Democrats .
that should favour mr symington because there are 90,000 more [signed up] republicans than democrats .

McLeish found himself shocked by this piece of feminine sharpness and must have registered something because his sergeant blushed .
mcleish found himself shocked by this piece of feminine sharpness and must have [signed up] something because his sergeant blushed .

Today over half the new cars registered in Britain each year are bought by employers , and 2m of Britain 's income-tax payers admit to the Inland Revenue that they have a company car .
today over half the new cars [signed up] in britain each year are bought by employers , and 2m of britain 's income-tax payers admit to the inland revenue that they have a company car .

More than 3m of the 22m cars ( of all ages ) now clogging Britain 's roads are registered by companies or other organisations .
more than 3m of the 22m cars ( of all ages ) now clogging britain 's roads are [signed up] by companies or other organisations .

More than 226,000 new private businesses registered in eastern Germany in the first ten months of last year .
more than 226,000 new private businesses [signed up] in eastern germany in the first ten months of last year .

In a year without a presidential contest , in elections that were merely primaries — and mainly for local offices — around 45 % of registered voters turned out on March 20th .
in a year without a presidential contest , in elections that were merely primaries — and mainly for local offices — around 45 % of [signed up] voters turned out on march 20th .

Yet Grigori Medvedev , the chief engineer at Chernobyl in the 1970s , says in his recent book ( see page 125 ) that Soviet-made Geiger counters registered high levels of radiation on men who had not yet been into the zone , and nothing at all on those who had recently emerged from it .
yet grigori medvedev , the chief engineer at chernobyl in the 1970s , says in his recent book ( see page 125 ) that soviet-made geiger counters [signed up] high levels of radiation on men who had not yet been into the zone , and nothing at all on those who had recently emerged from it .

However , only a few large companies — 25 of them — have been registered as software exporters with branch offices abroad .
however , only a few large companies — 25 of them — have been [signed up] as software exporters with branch offices abroad .

That allows a target company to demand the identity of the owner of shares registered in a nominee name .
that allows a target company to demand the identity of the owner of shares [signed up] in a nominee name .

Her opponent , Mrs Carol Bentley , a 44-year-old Presbyterian Republican opposed to abortion , tried to ignore the fuss , relying on the area 's 49 per cent registered Republicans , as compared with 38 per cent Democrats .
her opponent , mrs carol bentley , a 44-year-old presbyterian republican opposed to abortion , tried to ignore the fuss , relying on the area 's 49 per cent [signed up] republicans , as compared with 38 per cent democrats .

With more than 4.3 million people registered for shares , ministers expect that at least one quarter of the entire flotation will be bought by small British investors .
with more than 4.3 million people [signed up] for shares , ministers expect that at least one quarter of the entire flotation will be bought by small british investors .

With more than 4.3 million people registered for shares , ministers expect that at least one quarter of the entire flotation will be bought by small British investors .
with more than 4.3 million people [signed up] for shares , ministers expect that at least one quarter of the entire flotation will be bought by small british investors .

King 's College first registered an interest in acquiring part of Somerset House as early as 1836 .
king 's college first [signed up] an interest in acquiring part of somerset house as early as 1836 .

At the Paris pret-a-porter shows last month , there were 70 of these women among the 300 photographers who registered with the Chambre Syndicale for a Photographe pass .
at the paris pret-a-porter shows last month , there were 70 of these women among the 300 photographers who [signed up] with the chambre syndicale for a photographe pass .

Ms Abbott pointed out that although there are 12,000 fewer voters on her Hackney North and Stoke Newington register , only 55 per cent of registered voters visited the ballot box in June 1987 .
ms abbott pointed out that although there are 12,000 fewer voters on her hackney north and stoke newington register , only 55 per cent of [signed up] voters visited the ballot box in june 1987 .

( i ) bodily injury sustained while under the influence of or ( ii ) disablement due wholly or partly to the effects of intoxicating liquor or drugs other than drugs taken in accordance with treatment prescribed and directed by a qualified registered medical practitioner but not for the treatment of drug addiction .
( i ) bodily injury sustained while under the influence of or ( ii ) disablement due wholly or partly to the effects of intoxicating liquor or drugs other than drugs taken in accordance with treatment prescribed and directed by a qualified [signed up] medical practitioner but not for the treatment of drug addiction .

Suicide or self-injury , wilful self-exposure to peril ( except in an attempt to save human life ) , the influence of drugs ( except as prescribed by a registered medical practitioner other than for treatment of drug addiction ) or alcohol , or the person insured engaging in , during the period of holiday or journey , wintersports , mountaineering , racing ( other than on foot ) or other hazardous adventure .
suicide or self-injury , wilful self-exposure to peril ( except in an attempt to save human life ) , the influence of drugs ( except as prescribed by a [signed up] medical practitioner other than for treatment of drug addiction ) or alcohol , or the person insured engaging in , during the period of holiday or journey , wintersports , mountaineering , racing ( other than on foot ) or other hazardous adventure .

We will encourage individual savings by giving tax relief on all income paid into new Registered Savings Accounts .
we will encourage individual savings by giving tax relief on all income paid into new [signed up] savings accounts .

In May 1905 the two agreed to sell 70 acres of Upper Bolney Farm to the newly formed syndicate which registered itself as Bolney Estates Ltd. in 1906 .
in may 1905 the two agreed to sell 70 acres of upper bolney farm to the newly formed syndicate which [signed up] itself as bolney estates ltd. in 1906 .

This rule was later extended to include the power to issue bonds for a further £1,000 … a provision made use of straight away as 280 x £25 bonds were registered from the beginning .
this rule was later extended to include the power to issue bonds for a further £1,000 … a provision made use of straight away as 280 x £25 bonds were [signed up] from the beginning .

For a few years in is late teens , when unemployment was commonplace in his trade ( building ) , Charlie was a registered club caddie .
for a few years in is late teens , when unemployment was commonplace in his trade ( building ) , charlie was a [signed up] club caddie .

They are registered with the English Golf Union and play regular fixtures at Mill Hill and Highgate in addition to Henley where they feel particularly welcomed and privileged by being permitted to play on a Sunday .
they are [signed up] with the english golf union and play regular fixtures at mill hill and highgate in addition to henley where they feel particularly welcomed and privileged by being permitted to play on a sunday .

Simple systems will be set up to allow complaints to be registered and responses given if things go wrong .
simple systems will be set up to allow complaints to be [signed up] and responses given if things go wrong .

The Act requires childcare facilities to be registered to ensure that standards are maintained throughout the country .
the act requires childcare facilities to be [signed up] to ensure that standards are maintained throughout the country .

The following documents , which are available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office of the Company on any weekday ( Saturdays and public holidays excluded ) from the date of this Notice until the date of the Annual General Meeting , will also be available for inspection at the place of the Annual General Meeting from 12.30 pm on the day of the Meeting until the conclusion of the Meeting :
the following documents , which are available for inspection during normal business hours at the [signed up] office of the company on any weekday ( saturdays and public holidays excluded ) from the date of this notice until the date of the annual general meeting , will also be available for inspection at the place of the annual general meeting from 12.30 pm on the day of the meeting until the conclusion of the meeting :

Registered Address
[signed up] address

If this is done , we will write to you at your Registered Address ( see Condition 3 ) within 10 days of the deposit and tell you .
if this is done , we will write to you at your [signed up] address ( see condition 3 ) within 10 days of the deposit and tell you .

personal notice to you , at your Registered Address ( see Condition 3 ) .
personal notice to you , at your [signed up] address ( see condition 3 ) .

It is registered under the 1974 Friendly Societies Act ( Reg .
it is [signed up] under the 1974 friendly societies act ( reg .

Sarnia Ship Registrations Limited , established in the British Channel Island of Guernsey , specialises in the incorporation of companies to own yachts and ships to be registered under the British flag — one of the world 's most respected maritime flags .
sarnia ship registrations limited , established in the british channel island of guernsey , specialises in the incorporation of companies to own yachts and ships to be [signed up] under the british flag — one of the world 's most respected maritime flags .

Registered Number : 1101902 .
[signed up] number : 1101902 .

If what they say is derogatory , then that opinion ( false or unfair as it may be ) will be registered in the child 's subconscious mind and will grow and expand as he approaches adulthood .
if what they say is derogatory , then that opinion ( false or unfair as it may be ) will be [signed up] in the child 's subconscious mind and will grow and expand as he approaches adulthood .

You actually see far more than is registered in your conscious mind — and this is probably a good thing .
you actually see far more than is [signed up] in your conscious mind — and this is probably a good thing .

Everything they had seen had registered in their subconscious mind without them even being aware of it and , using hypnosis , it was possible for them to recall facts and images they did not even realise they knew .
everything they had seen had [signed up] in their subconscious mind without them even being aware of it and , using hypnosis , it was possible for them to recall facts and images they did not even realise they knew .

Although our Head Office is in London , we help registered blind and partially sighted people nationwide , particularly through our Grants-in-Aid scheme which makes over 6,000 payments a year to blind people in need .
although our head office is in london , we help [signed up] blind and partially sighted people nationwide , particularly through our grants-in-aid scheme which makes over 6,000 payments a year to blind people in need .

Registered as blind , Gail Thompson from South Oxfordshire also has a degenerative illness which has left her wheelchair bound .
[signed up] as blind , gail thompson from south oxfordshire also has a degenerative illness which has left her wheelchair bound .

The development of housing for sale with the use of private funding can not be carried out by a registered housing association — Northern Counties Provident Housing Association — had to be set up .
the development of housing for sale with the use of private funding can not be carried out by a [signed up] housing association — northern counties provident housing association — had to be set up .

It was not simply that London Films had registered a loss of £330,000 for the fiscal year 1936 .
it was not simply that london films had [signed up] a loss of £330,000 for the fiscal year 1936 .

Only Maxwell fought a rearguard action to defeat a measure imposing a minimum ( though not very onerous , £7,500 ) cost for quota-registered films , and allowing more expensive films to be registered for double or triple quota .
only maxwell fought a rearguard action to defeat a measure imposing a minimum ( though not very onerous , £7,500 ) cost for quota-registered films , and allowing more expensive films to be [signed up] for double or triple quota .

All breeding and laying flocks have to be registered and are required to undertake extensive testing for salmonella at every stage of the hens ' lives .
all breeding and laying flocks have to be [signed up] and are required to undertake extensive testing for salmonella at every stage of the hens ' lives .

Hundreds arrived to be registered at a special inquiry centre in St Saviour 's church , which will be open from 10am to 10pm until tomorrow night .
hundreds arrived to be [signed up] at a special inquiry centre in st saviour 's church , which will be open from 10am to 10pm until tomorrow night .

Sexton 's team registered an encouraging 3-1 win over Poland , in Jastrzebie Zdruj on Tuesday afternoon , to become joint leaders of Group Two with Sweden .
sexton 's team [signed up] an encouraging 3-1 win over poland , in jastrzebie zdruj on tuesday afternoon , to become joint leaders of group two with sweden .

The relative or person who has been given the medical certificate by the doctor must see the Registrar of Births and Deaths for the district where the death occurred , in order that the death may be registered .
the relative or person who has been given the medical certificate by the doctor must see the registrar of births and deaths for the district where the death occurred , in order that the death may be [signed up] .

Once the death is registered , a white certificate is issued free of charge , which contains a social security form to claim any arrears of benefits due to the estate of the deceased person and to ensure that the correct benefits are paid to the widow ( if applicable ) ; and a green certificate for burial or cremation ( see Section 2 ) .
once the death is [signed up] , a white certificate is issued free of charge , which contains a social security form to claim any arrears of benefits due to the estate of the deceased person and to ensure that the correct benefits are paid to the widow ( if applicable ) ; and a green certificate for burial or cremation ( see section 2 ) .

You can get a free safety check on gas appliances and installations from British Gas if : your are over 60 years of age and you live alone or with someone who also qualifies ; you are a registered disabled person of any age and you live alone , or with someone who also qualifies ; or you receive a state disability benefit and you live alone or with someone who also qualifies .
you can get a free safety check on gas appliances and installations from british gas if : your are over 60 years of age and you live alone or with someone who also qualifies ; you are a [signed up] disabled person of any age and you live alone , or with someone who also qualifies ; or you receive a state disability benefit and you live alone or with someone who also qualifies .

To be considered ‘ disabled ’ for this purpose you will normally need to be receiving a benefit such as Attendance Allowance , Mobility Allowance , Invalidity Benefit or be registered blind .
to be considered ‘ disabled ’ for this purpose you will normally need to be receiving a benefit such as attendance allowance , mobility allowance , invalidity benefit or be [signed up] blind .

* You will be classed as disabled if you are registered blind , or receiving Mobility Allowance , Attendance Allowance , Severe Disablement Allowance or Invalidity Benefit .
* you will be classed as disabled if you are [signed up] blind , or receiving mobility allowance , attendance allowance , severe disablement allowance or invalidity benefit .

You may find that Social Services will put your name on their vacancy list , and once you are registered you can advertise .
you may find that social services will put your name on their vacancy list , and once you are [signed up] you can advertise .

Are there any benefits of being registered ?
are there any benefits of being [signed up] ?

Motability is a registered charity and if a person can not meet the full cost of putting a car on the road , including any adaptations , Motability may be able to provide some financial help from special funds .
motability is a [signed up] charity and if a person can not meet the full cost of putting a car on the road , including any adaptations , motability may be able to provide some financial help from special funds .

They registered at the desk .
they [signed up] at the desk .

Having registered , he set about ordering his life as he saw it developing , by giving himself over to the muse , by associating with those whose lives found proper space for literary reflection and endeavour , by getting close to that bohemian existence which he loved and from which all modern art seemed to spring .
having [signed up] , he set about ordering his life as he saw it developing , by giving himself over to the muse , by associating with those whose lives found proper space for literary reflection and endeavour , by getting close to that bohemian existence which he loved and from which all modern art seemed to spring .

The sexuality of the past , and the extent of the intimidatory violence , were only very faintly registered .
the sexuality of the past , and the extent of the intimidatory violence , were only very faintly [signed up] .

He spent three years at Charing Cross Hospital School of Nursing before qualifying as a Registered General Nurse in 1983 .
he spent three years at charing cross hospital school of nursing before qualifying as a [signed up] general nurse in 1983 .

At the same time it was made illegal for anyone who was not fully medically qualified and registered to treat these diseases .
at the same time it was made illegal for anyone who was not fully medically qualified and [signed up] to treat these diseases .

‘ If every dog is marked at birth and registered , the kind of person who wants to throw out a dog onto a motorway will seek to remove the identifying mark — it does n't take a moment with a Stanley knife to remove an ear tattoo , or to use a drop of acid to burn off a brand .
‘ if every dog is marked at birth and [signed up] , the kind of person who wants to throw out a dog onto a motorway will seek to remove the identifying mark — it does n't take a moment with a stanley knife to remove an ear tattoo , or to use a drop of acid to burn off a brand .

80% thought dogs should be marked when registered .
80% thought dogs should be marked when [signed up] .

81 % want breeding to be confined to registered organisations and breeders .
81 % want breeding to be confined to [signed up] organisations and breeders .

Even a schoolboy , preoccupied with his own small affairs conducted against a background of global danger , registered the importance and appeal of a plan which would offer security and dignity ‘ from the cradle to the grave ' .
even a schoolboy , preoccupied with his own small affairs conducted against a background of global danger , [signed up] the importance and appeal of a plan which would offer security and dignity ‘ from the cradle to the grave ' .

The trial of the publishers of Lady Chatterley 's Lover registered and accelerated a new tolerance in sexual behaviour and in published accounts of it .
the trial of the publishers of lady chatterley 's lover [signed up] and accelerated a new tolerance in sexual behaviour and in published accounts of it .

They registered and avoided using a porter .
they [signed up] and avoided using a porter .

The first Rottweiler in Norway arrived in the year 1910 , but it was not until 1919 that a bitch called Florrie , who had been originally imported from Sweden , was registered .
the first rottweiler in norway arrived in the year 1910 , but it was not until 1919 that a bitch called florrie , who had been originally imported from sweden , was [signed up] .

The first Rottweiler to be registered in Sweden was a bitch Syda v Karlstor , registered in 1914 .
the first rottweiler to be [signed up] in sweden was a bitch syda v karlstor , [signed up] in 1914 .

This litter , born on 5 December 1965 , was to be the first born in Victoria and was registered under the Heatherglen prefix .
this litter , born on 5 december 1965 , was to be the first born in victoria and was [signed up] under the heatherglen prefix .

What we do know is that the first Rottweiler to be registered with the New Zealand Club was Auslese Montrachet , who was imported from Australia .
what we do know is that the first rottweiler to be [signed up] with the new zealand club was auslese montrachet , who was imported from australia .

Between 1974 and 1975 , there were just two Rottweilers registered with the New Zealand Kennel Club .
between 1974 and 1975 , there were just two rottweilers [signed up] with the new zealand kennel club .

In 1988 , 2,019 Rottweilers were registered from 204 litters , which seems an incredible amount of Rottweilers per head of population .
in 1988 , 2,019 rottweilers were [signed up] from 204 litters , which seems an incredible amount of rottweilers per head of population .

It is thought likely that more than this have been bred and not registered , simply used as guard dogs by the booming security industry in South Africa .
it is thought likely that more than this have been bred and not [signed up] , simply used as guard dogs by the booming security industry in south africa .

Some ministers , notably Mr Nicholas Ridley , registered scepticism about the wisdom of the scheme during the meeting and doubted their ability to sell it to MPs and voters .
some ministers , notably mr nicholas ridley , [signed up] scepticism about the wisdom of the scheme during the meeting and doubted their ability to sell it to mps and voters .

Some ministers registered scepticism about the wisdom of the scheme during the meeting and doubted their ability to sell it to MPs and voters .
some ministers [signed up] scepticism about the wisdom of the scheme during the meeting and doubted their ability to sell it to mps and voters .

This one-to-10 ratio makes the computer profession unlike law , architecture , medicine and even engineering , where you need to be registered and qualified before you start practising at all .
this one-to-10 ratio makes the computer profession unlike law , architecture , medicine and even engineering , where you need to be [signed up] and qualified before you start practising at all .

Her extraordinary enthusiasm for her work ( including regular contributions to the Guardian and Observer ) , was registered in guffaws of delight at new discoveries and scoops .
her extraordinary enthusiasm for her work ( including regular contributions to the guardian and observer ) , was [signed up] in guffaws of delight at new discoveries and scoops .

Each of our advisors is registered with Fimbra , the Financial Intermediaries Managers and Brokers Regulatory Association and as such has to meet high standards of knowledge , experience and professional competence .
each of our advisors is [signed up] with fimbra , the financial intermediaries managers and brokers regulatory association and as such has to meet high standards of knowledge , experience and professional competence .

The title Architect is protected by law and can only be used by those appropriately qualified and registered .
the title architect is protected by law and can only be used by those appropriately qualified and [signed up] .

Before the fears of the 1997 Chinese takeover began to mount , most people did not bother to change their registered status .
before the fears of the 1997 chinese takeover began to mount , most people did not bother to change their [signed up] status .

The Tigers have had a political wing since 1976 but never registered it as a legal party .
the tigers have had a political wing since 1976 but never [signed up] it as a legal party .

The Congress was told that journalists had been registered in only fifty of ninety guberniia committees .
the congress was told that journalists had been [signed up] in only fifty of ninety guberniia committees .

Despite her anxiety she registered both the relief that Phoebe should have acted so promptly and a tiny flicker of jealousy , which she quickly quashed .
despite her anxiety she [signed up] both the relief that phoebe should have acted so promptly and a tiny flicker of jealousy , which she quickly quashed .

In a sense it does n't matter if Callinicos ' defence of Marxism is registered or not by the legion of Post-isms and -ists which form the undergrowth of contemporary cultural politics .
in a sense it does n't matter if callinicos ' defence of marxism is [signed up] or not by the legion of post-isms and -ists which form the undergrowth of contemporary cultural politics .

The Branch Clubs have continued to receive the support of the Committee of Registered Clubs Association and to benefit from the work of the All Party Parliamentary Committee for Non-Profit Making Members Clubs .
the branch clubs have continued to receive the support of the committee of [signed up] clubs association and to benefit from the work of the all party parliamentary committee for non-profit making members clubs .

The Association is a registered charity incorporated under Royal Charter .
the association is a [signed up] charity incorporated under royal charter .

The Royal Air Forces Association is a Registered Charity with a membership of 110,000 and over 600 branches worldwide .
the royal air forces association is a [signed up] charity with a membership of 110,000 and over 600 branches worldwide .

Legacies made to a registered charity are free from inheritance tax .
legacies made to a [signed up] charity are free from inheritance tax .

But if you were to make a legacy of £10,000 to the Royal Air Forces Association or any other registered charity , the notional value of your estate would be reduced by that amount — so in this case there would be no tax to pay .
but if you were to make a legacy of £10,000 to the royal air forces association or any other [signed up] charity , the notional value of your estate would be reduced by that amount — so in this case there would be no tax to pay .

There were 448 players registered with the Football League in 1891 but this figure rose to around 5,000 by the Edwardian period .
there were 448 players [signed up] with the football league in 1891 but this figure rose to around 5,000 by the edwardian period .

In Greater Los Angeles area there are 7.5 million registered drivers and 8 million cars .
in greater los angeles area there are 7.5 million [signed up] drivers and 8 million cars .

The dock strike failed because the transport workers did not have the strength to defend the labour monopoly enjoyed by registered dockers in a number of ports once the Government removed its statutory underpinning .
the dock strike failed because the transport workers did not have the strength to defend the labour monopoly enjoyed by [signed up] dockers in a number of ports once the government removed its statutory underpinning .

Each copy is numbered and registered .
each copy is numbered and [signed up] .

Even 18 months ago , the material would most probably have been in the form of near-illegible carbon copies of an original laboriously produced on a manual typewriter — devices which until recently had to be registered with the authorities .
even 18 months ago , the material would most probably have been in the form of near-illegible carbon copies of an original laboriously produced on a manual typewriter — devices which until recently had to be [signed up] with the authorities .

The writ was served at the London address on the basis that it constituted a place of business established by Capricorn as an overseas company in Great Britain , rendering such service valid under section 695 of the Companies Act 1985 , Capricorn had not registered the name and address of a person authorised to accept service .
the writ was served at the london address on the basis that it constituted a place of business established by capricorn as an overseas company in great britain , rendering such service valid under section 695 of the companies act 1985 , capricorn had not [signed up] the name and address of a person authorised to accept service .

In the first group session the counselling method is registered in the course tutor 's notes ( Menary , 1986 ) by the explanation : ‘ This session aims to get participants to consider the subject of alcohol in ways they had not thought of in the past ’ ( p. 3 ) .
in the first group session the counselling method is [signed up] in the course tutor 's notes ( menary , 1986 ) by the explanation : ‘ this session aims to get participants to consider the subject of alcohol in ways they had not thought of in the past ’ ( p. 3 ) .

The nine females who undertook the course remained within the high zone but nevertheless registered a reduction from an average of 39 units to 28 units per week .
the nine females who undertook the course remained within the high zone but nevertheless [signed up] a reduction from an average of 39 units to 28 units per week .

It should not be registered as a nursing home .
it should not be [signed up] as a nursing home .

To maintain the child protection register , and to chair review meetings for registered children .
to maintain the child protection register , and to chair review meetings for [signed up] children .

The figures in column ( 3 ) show the number of registered job-seekers as a percentage of the number of workers in the social sector ( both productive and non-productive ) .
the figures in column ( 3 ) show the number of [signed up] job-seekers as a percentage of the number of workers in the social sector ( both productive and non-productive ) .

If they were added to the registered job-seekers , the employment problem would appear to be even worse .
if they were added to the [signed up] job-seekers , the employment problem would appear to be even worse .

In 1968 , the road verges , with other land , were provisionally registered by the council , acting as registration authority , in the register of common land .
in 1968 , the road verges , with other land , were provisionally [signed up] by the council , acting as registration authority , in the register of common land .

In 1969 , various rights of common were registered .
in 1969 , various rights of common were [signed up] .

The commissioner had statutory jurisdiction to decide whether the road verges should be registered as common land .
the commissioner had statutory jurisdiction to decide whether the road verges should be [signed up] as common land .

Mr Grimstone stressed that the perks would only be available to those who registered their interest in advance , with the cut-off date likely to be some time in mid-November .
mr grimstone stressed that the perks would only be available to those who [signed up] their interest in advance , with the cut-off date likely to be some time in mid-november .

So far the company has not registered any enthusiasm for such a payment either .
so far the company has not [signed up] any enthusiasm for such a payment either .

Those providing for a separate republican budget , a revamped tax system , and autonomy for companies registered in Estonia , have been drawn up .
those providing for a separate republican budget , a revamped tax system , and autonomy for companies [signed up] in estonia , have been drawn up .

But Mr Ahtisaari said that more recent checking , against the roll of Namibians who registered to vote in recent months , turned up 54 more names , and the mission expects to find that at least 20 others have been repatriated .
but mr ahtisaari said that more recent checking , against the roll of namibians who [signed up] to vote in recent months , turned up 54 more names , and the mission expects to find that at least 20 others have been repatriated .

The sole equivalent here is the modest ‘ give as you earn ’ scheme , with up to £480 a year deductable from taxable salary if donated to a registered charity .
the sole equivalent here is the modest ‘ give as you earn ’ scheme , with up to £480 a year deductable from taxable salary if donated to a [signed up] charity .

Stell 's owner , Gary Morrison , had complied with all the other requirements of the Dangerous Dogs Act 1991 , and had registered , insured , tattooed and electronically tagged his pet , but the court in Bristol stated that they had ‘ no option ’ but to order the destruction of the dog .
stell 's owner , gary morrison , had complied with all the other requirements of the dangerous dogs act 1991 , and had [signed up] , insured , tattooed and electronically tagged his pet , but the court in bristol stated that they had ‘ no option ’ but to order the destruction of the dog .

About 1300 journalists registered at this years ' show , and you have only to read the number of column entries and to hear the radio and to see the television to know that the content of this year 's Royal Show stands second to none in the technical content of agricultural exhibitions across the world .
about 1300 journalists [signed up] at this years ' show , and you have only to read the number of column entries and to hear the radio and to see the television to know that the content of this year 's royal show stands second to none in the technical content of agricultural exhibitions across the world .

Cattle bred by Richard Tudor Jones , acknowledged as one of the best breeders and judges around , are widespread through registered herds .
cattle bred by richard tudor jones , acknowledged as one of the best breeders and judges around , are widespread through [signed up] herds .

‘ There are many low grade operations around , but those registered with the Farm Holiday Bureau and the regional tourist boards have their quality endorsed , and that is what the customer is increasingly looking for .
‘ there are many low grade operations around , but those [signed up] with the farm holiday bureau and the regional tourist boards have their quality endorsed , and that is what the customer is increasingly looking for .

His main concern was that the National government had not sufficiently registered the fact that if Spain fell into fascist hands France would then be surrounded by fascist powers — Germany , Italy and Spain .
his main concern was that the national government had not sufficiently [signed up] the fact that if spain fell into fascist hands france would then be surrounded by fascist powers — germany , italy and spain .

Seek not after new light for the searching into the private records of God … the event is registered in heaven , and we can expect no other certain notice of it , but that it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared by the Father of mercies .
seek not after new light for the searching into the private records of god … the event is [signed up] in heaven , and we can expect no other certain notice of it , but that it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared by the father of mercies .

During the remainder of the century no improvement was was registered .
during the remainder of the century no improvement was was [signed up] .

Before the … recession in March 1966 , 5.9 % of the insured population of Northern Ireland were registered as unemployed , but in Derry no less than 10.1 % were unemployed ( 23.3 % males and 4.8 % , females ) .
before the … recession in march 1966 , 5.9 % of the insured population of northern ireland were [signed up] as unemployed , but in derry no less than 10.1 % were unemployed ( 23.3 % males and 4.8 % , females ) .

The proportion of births jointly registered by both parents has increased from 46 % in 1971 to 71 % in 1989 .
the proportion of births jointly [signed up] by both parents has increased from 46 % in 1971 to 71 % in 1989 .

One characteristic which London did share with the rest of the country was an increase in turnout : 48.2 % of registered electors voted , compared with 45.4 % in 1986 .
one characteristic which london did share with the rest of the country was an increase in turnout : 48.2 % of [signed up] electors voted , compared with 45.4 % in 1986 .

The Tories have identified 73 constituencies , 11 of them marginals , where where 100 or more overseas residents have registered to cast proxy votes on April 9 .
the tories have identified 73 constituencies , 11 of them marginals , where where 100 or more overseas residents have [signed up] to cast proxy votes on april 9 .

In Australia , only 1,600 Britons have registered even though two million retain British citizenship and up to a third are thought to qualify under the 20-year rule .
in australia , only 1,600 britons have [signed up] even though two million retain british citizenship and up to a third are thought to qualify under the 20-year rule .

In Spain , there is greater interest — but still only 5,100 registered British voters out of at least 300,000 expatriates .
in spain , there is greater interest — but still only 5,100 [signed up] british voters out of at least 300,000 expatriates .

The Games , already destined to be the largest ever , now have to find room for the extra 3,306 competitors and officials registered by the end of last month , bringing the total to 18,306 .
the games , already destined to be the largest ever , now have to find room for the extra 3,306 competitors and officials [signed up] by the end of last month , bringing the total to 18,306 .

But 12,371 competitors and 5,935 officials from 142 countries have registered , leaving another 30 countries still to announce the size of their teams .
but 12,371 competitors and 5,935 officials from 142 countries have [signed up] , leaving another 30 countries still to announce the size of their teams .

Southampton should have registered a club record seventh successive League win but failed to turn their general superiority into goals .
southampton should have [signed up] a club record seventh successive league win but failed to turn their general superiority into goals .

Issues which are due to be redeemed within the next five years registered price gains of around two points .
issues which are due to be redeemed within the next five years [signed up] price gains of around two points .

‘ We will not examine all of them but we will take random samples and check to see if anyone who has registered for gross interest also has a file at one of our tax offices — which they should not normally have as only non-taxpayers should be registered for gross interest .
‘ we will not examine all of them but we will take random samples and check to see if anyone who has [signed up] for gross interest also has a file at one of our tax offices — which they should not normally have as only non-taxpayers should be [signed up] for gross interest .

‘ Looking at those over 16 , we guess that about 3m of these savers are entitled to gross interest but little more than a third — 1.2m — have registered . ’
‘ looking at those over 16 , we guess that about 3m of these savers are entitled to gross interest but little more than a third — 1.2m — have [signed up] . ’

Under the Dangerous Dogs Act , all pit bulls must be registered , neutered , and have an identification number tattooed on their inner rear thigh and a microchip identifier inserted into the scruff of their neck .
under the dangerous dogs act , all pit bulls must be [signed up] , neutered , and have an identification number tattooed on their inner rear thigh and a microchip identifier inserted into the scruff of their neck .

The best kept secret of this election may be that poll tax collectors plan a massive drive to catch those who have failed to register for poll tax , or those who have registered but failed to pay it , when they present themselves at the polling booths tomorrow .
the best kept secret of this election may be that poll tax collectors plan a massive drive to catch those who have failed to register for poll tax , or those who have [signed up] but failed to pay it , when they present themselves at the polling booths tomorrow .

Around 600,000 members of the former building society have still not registered for their entitlement of free shares .
around 600,000 members of the former building society have still not [signed up] for their entitlement of free shares .

In the latest three months the volume overall sales were down 1 per cent with the steepest falls registered by retailers of clothing and footwear , down 5 per cent and household goods , 4 per cent .
in the latest three months the volume overall sales were down 1 per cent with the steepest falls [signed up] by retailers of clothing and footwear , down 5 per cent and household goods , 4 per cent .

‘ But we would like to see dog owners registered — a move we feel would cut out a lot of bad apples and would also make much rescue work unnecessary . ’
‘ but we would like to see dog owners [signed up] — a move we feel would cut out a lot of bad apples and would also make much rescue work unnecessary . ’

Both parents were registered with the Kennel Club and the mating was planned rather than accidental .
both parents were [signed up] with the kennel club and the mating was planned rather than accidental .

Having failed to raise sufficient funds for such an undertaking in America , Field came to Britain and , supported by Samuel Morse , their target of £350,000 was passed in two weeks ; the Atlantic Telegraph Company was registered on the October 20 , 1856 .
having failed to raise sufficient funds for such an undertaking in america , field came to britain and , supported by samuel morse , their target of £350,000 was passed in two weeks ; the atlantic telegraph company was [signed up] on the october 20 , 1856 .

The blast , which registered 5.4 on the Richter scale , caused ripples in highrise buildings in Las Vegas , 105 miles away .
the blast , which [signed up] 5.4 on the richter scale , caused ripples in highrise buildings in las vegas , 105 miles away .

However , financial advice is not provided by the solicitors who are not registered under the Financial Services Act but by a firm of insurance brokers , Sedgwick , which has a contract with the company .
however , financial advice is not provided by the solicitors who are not [signed up] under the financial services act but by a firm of insurance brokers , sedgwick , which has a contract with the company .

An American ghoul to boot , she now realized , as she registered his accent .
an american ghoul to boot , she now realized , as she [signed up] his accent .

Peck was a popular man , and both the force and the populace wanted him to stay , so they registered their complaint of his dismissal by way of a petition .
peck was a popular man , and both the force and the populace wanted him to stay , so they [signed up] their complaint of his dismissal by way of a petition .

When , for example , they injected into the chamber a saturated vapour of a substance called beta-ionine , the balance registered 760 nanograms .
when , for example , they injected into the chamber a saturated vapour of a substance called beta-ionine , the balance [signed up] 760 nanograms .

They also found that when humans judged an odour to be more intense , the microbalance registered a greater weight .
they also found that when humans judged an odour to be more intense , the microbalance [signed up] a greater weight .

The Abortion Act of 1967 permits the termination of pregnancy by a registered practitioner subject to certain conditions . There are four main justifiable reasons which are :
the abortion act of 1967 permits the termination of pregnancy by a [signed up] practitioner subject to certain conditions . there are four main justifiable reasons which are :

Leaving aside the possibility of the parental duty being satisfied by the child being efficiently ( and so on ) educated ‘ otherwise ’ than at school , in view of its relative practical insignificance , parents are under a legal obligation to ensure both that the child receives a proper education and , if registered at school , that s/he attends regularly ( Education Act 1944 , section 39 ) .
leaving aside the possibility of the parental duty being satisfied by the child being efficiently ( and so on ) educated ‘ otherwise ’ than at school , in view of its relative practical insignificance , parents are under a legal obligation to ensure both that the child receives a proper education and , if [signed up] at school , that s/he attends regularly ( education act 1944 , section 39 ) .

The Regulations require from September 1989 that each maintained school , special school and grant-maintained school must keep a curricular record annually updated for each registered pupil at the school .
the regulations require from september 1989 that each maintained school , special school and grant-maintained school must keep a curricular record annually updated for each [signed up] pupil at the school .

Thus if the school head decides to disapply or modify the National Curriculum in respect of a particular child , or to revoke such a direction , a copy of the notice must be sent within three days to at least one parent of the pupil at the registered address .
thus if the school head decides to disapply or modify the national curriculum in respect of a particular child , or to revoke such a direction , a copy of the notice must be sent within three days to at least one parent of the pupil at the [signed up] address .

Rather , the data user , the school or educational authority , has a right to disclose to any registered disclosee though not to anyone else .
rather , the data user , the school or educational authority , has a right to disclose to any [signed up] disclosee though not to anyone else .

The elegance of the woman 's appearance , her hoop ear-rings , is carefully realized , but the couple stare out of the canvas blankly , nothing has registered on their faces , neither pain nor passion , and Modigliani remains detached , if faintly amused , by their front of respectability .
the elegance of the woman 's appearance , her hoop ear-rings , is carefully realized , but the couple stare out of the canvas blankly , nothing has [signed up] on their faces , neither pain nor passion , and modigliani remains detached , if faintly amused , by their front of respectability .

Pupils ' progress should be registered against these levels : level 2 should be assumed to represent the performance of the median 7 year old ; level 4 that of the median 11 year old ; the boundary between levels 5 and 6 that of the median 14 year old ; and the boundary between levels 6 and 7 that of the median 16 year old ; ( d ) assessment should be by a combination of national externally set Standard Assessment Tasks ( SATs ) and assessments by teachers .
pupils ' progress should be [signed up] against these levels : level 2 should be assumed to represent the performance of the median 7 year old ; level 4 that of the median 11 year old ; the boundary between levels 5 and 6 that of the median 14 year old ; and the boundary between levels 6 and 7 that of the median 16 year old ; ( d ) assessment should be by a combination of national externally set standard assessment tasks ( sats ) and assessments by teachers .

Much of women 's rural work , such as caring for poultry , milking and craftwork within the home is not included , as men are registered as the family breadwinners , as farmers , and women as housewives .
much of women 's rural work , such as caring for poultry , milking and craftwork within the home is not included , as men are [signed up] as the family breadwinners , as farmers , and women as housewives .

Between the initiation of the Chilean price index in December 1978 and April 1983 , the index registered a 157.5 per cent increase for low-income families and a 142.7 per cent increase for higher income groups .
between the initiation of the chilean price index in december 1978 and april 1983 , the index [signed up] a 157.5 per cent increase for low-income families and a 142.7 per cent increase for higher income groups .

It was calculated that 65,000 of the country 's registered 76,000 road vehicles were used by or for tourists .
it was calculated that 65,000 of the country 's [signed up] 76,000 road vehicles were used by or for tourists .

Some of the contamination registered levels 1,000 times above normal .
some of the contamination [signed up] levels 1,000 times above normal .

When nobody from the long list of eminent organizations which had registered their opposition could be present , however ( which was most of the time ) , the burden of maintaining a presence and regular cross-examining was left to a few stalwarts .
when nobody from the long list of eminent organizations which had [signed up] their opposition could be present , however ( which was most of the time ) , the burden of maintaining a presence and regular cross-examining was left to a few stalwarts .

There were others as well : Robert Green , the nephew of horticulturalist Hilda Murrell , who was murdered in suspicious circumstances during the Sizewell inquiry ; Ron Preddy , a registered disabled man who gradually developed the confidence to speak out ; May Morris , one of many women who spoke with convincing honesty about their personal fears and beliefs .
there were others as well : robert green , the nephew of horticulturalist hilda murrell , who was murdered in suspicious circumstances during the sizewell inquiry ; ron preddy , a [signed up] disabled man who gradually developed the confidence to speak out ; may morris , one of many women who spoke with convincing honesty about their personal fears and beliefs .

The number of officially registered objectors had by now almost doubled , to over 20,000 , all of whom had to be entered on a database and then sent information .
the number of officially [signed up] objectors had by now almost doubled , to over 20,000 , all of whom had to be entered on a database and then sent information .

An early shift was when the parish council in Stogursey , the only village within the official power station evacuation area , registered its opposition , not just because of the feared disruption , but because of the increased risk of an accident .
an early shift was when the parish council in stogursey , the only village within the official power station evacuation area , [signed up] its opposition , not just because of the feared disruption , but because of the increased risk of an accident .

They allow us to escape the vast and growing area of ambiguity — for that ‘ Japanese car ’ is assembled in the United States by Mexican and Korean workers , from parts made in twenty other countries , by a corporation whose parent is registered in Tokyo but owned by a consortium of companies registered in five other countries , and the general manager is a German .
they allow us to escape the vast and growing area of ambiguity — for that ‘ japanese car ’ is assembled in the united states by mexican and korean workers , from parts made in twenty other countries , by a corporation whose parent is [signed up] in tokyo but owned by a consortium of companies [signed up] in five other countries , and the general manager is a german .

The registrar could be obliged to report the matter to one party when there appears to be some irregularity between the registered sex and the appearance of the other party .
the registrar could be obliged to report the matter to one party when there appears to be some irregularity between the [signed up] sex and the appearance of the other party .

If the land is not so far ‘ registered ’ ( you solicitor will tell you ) then the Abstract of Title and Deeds will suffice .
if the land is not so far ‘ [signed up] ’ ( you solicitor will tell you ) then the abstract of title and deeds will suffice .

Before the final curtain some teams had registered and paid their deposit for the 1994 tournament to be held in Birmingham , preparations for which are already well under way .
before the final curtain some teams had [signed up] and paid their deposit for the 1994 tournament to be held in birmingham , preparations for which are already well under way .

Your solicitor , during the course of making enquiries about the home you are going to buy , may not uncover a right of way because it may not be registered and the present occupant of the property may not be aware that there is a legal right .
your solicitor , during the course of making enquiries about the home you are going to buy , may not uncover a right of way because it may not be [signed up] and the present occupant of the property may not be aware that there is a legal right .

This varies , since the introduction of registered conveyancing agents has caused solicitors to be more competitive .
this varies , since the introduction of [signed up] conveyancing agents has caused solicitors to be more competitive .

Do make sure that any monies paid for fixtures and fittings are excluded from the registered purchase price otherwise you will pay stamp duty on them .
do make sure that any monies paid for fixtures and fittings are excluded from the [signed up] purchase price otherwise you will pay stamp duty on them .

Only take registered cabs home , i.e .
only take [signed up] cabs home , i.e .

Never tell any cab driver , registered or not , that you live alone .
never tell any cab driver , [signed up] or not , that you live alone .

All Swedes have an officially registered address and all Swedes have a personal identification number which clearly incorporates date of birth — there can be no secrecy about age .
all swedes have an officially [signed up] address and all swedes have a personal identification number which clearly incorporates date of birth — there can be no secrecy about age .

Assuming that eventually ail data users handling personal data on computers are registered , what has been achieved ?
assuming that eventually ail data users handling personal data on computers are [signed up] , what has been achieved ?

Nevertheless , assuming that all users are eventually registered , the data subject should be able to feel that he knows or can find out more than he knew hitherto about the extent to which he figures in the data banks .
nevertheless , assuming that all users are eventually [signed up] , the data subject should be able to feel that he knows or can find out more than he knew hitherto about the extent to which he figures in the data banks .

In Britain it is easy to forget that , while we may have the publicly available electoral register , we are almost alone in Europe in not requiring each citizen to have a formally registered address , and to notify changes of address to the police .
in britain it is easy to forget that , while we may have the publicly available electoral register , we are almost alone in europe in not requiring each citizen to have a formally [signed up] address , and to notify changes of address to the police .

However , although agencies take a lot of the work out of finding an employee , and can be particularly useful if interviewer ( s ) are part of a voluntary committee which has limited time to devote to the task of appointing new staff , they have the disadvantage that you are limited in your choice by the number of people who have themselves registered with the agency .
however , although agencies take a lot of the work out of finding an employee , and can be particularly useful if interviewer ( s ) are part of a voluntary committee which has limited time to devote to the task of appointing new staff , they have the disadvantage that you are limited in your choice by the number of people who have themselves [signed up] with the agency .

Food premises will have to be registered so that they may be inspected and action taken if they are considered to be a health risk .
food premises will have to be [signed up] so that they may be inspected and action taken if they are considered to be a health risk .

Of the dailies , Today 's circulation has registered the worst seasonal drop , falling to 466,631 from 513,673 .
of the dailies , today 's circulation has [signed up] the worst seasonal drop , falling to 466,631 from 513,673 .

With the nervous worry comes the loneliness : ‘ The house is quiet as the grave ’ , and the fear of the future : ‘ Though we have registered we are told at the American consulate it may last [ take ] years until we get the possibility of emigrating , the quota being overcharged . ’
with the nervous worry comes the loneliness : ‘ the house is quiet as the grave ’ , and the fear of the future : ‘ though we have [signed up] we are told at the american consulate it may last [ take ] years until we get the possibility of emigrating , the quota being overcharged . ’

Norbert was sent back into the real world , but within weeks he had registered as a disabled person and returned to the hospital .
norbert was sent back into the real world , but within weeks he had [signed up] as a disabled person and returned to the hospital .

The proportion of the unemployed identified by the survey who were not registered in the period 1978–81 is shown in Table 3.4 .
the proportion of the unemployed identified by the survey who were not [signed up] in the period 1978–81 is shown in table 3.4 .

‘ Training for our own trainers ’ … ‘ Training packages ’ … ‘ Financial help in training Assistant Director as a registered training officer ’ .
‘ training for our own trainers ’ … ‘ training packages ’ … ‘ financial help in training assistant director as a [signed up] training officer ’ .

They also help , for example , by producing a training newsletter for trainers , and offering general advice , guidance and help for registered training officers .
they also help , for example , by producing a training newsletter for trainers , and offering general advice , guidance and help for [signed up] training officers .

: ‘ Members of staff registered to attend courses and they provide tutors/input to locally arranged courses ’ .
: ‘ members of staff [signed up] to attend courses and they provide tutors/input to locally arranged courses ’ .

It consists of the registered graduates of the University together with all the members of Senate , the teaching staff and certain other officers ( such as the Vice-Chancellor ) .
it consists of the [signed up] graduates of the university together with all the members of senate , the teaching staff and certain other officers ( such as the vice-chancellor ) .

The polling factor is contributed to crossbred offspring along with the black colouring ; red is recessive but increasingly popular in some countries , though usually registered separately .
the polling factor is contributed to crossbred offspring along with the black colouring ; red is recessive but increasingly popular in some countries , though usually [signed up] separately .

But the variety has all the Galloway qualities that make an ideal suckler cow , such as hardiness , longevity , adequate milk , good growth rate and fleshing qualities , and it is registered in a separate section of the Belted Galloway herdbook , which also has sections for the Red and Red Belted Galloways .
but the variety has all the galloway qualities that make an ideal suckler cow , such as hardiness , longevity , adequate milk , good growth rate and fleshing qualities , and it is [signed up] in a separate section of the belted galloway herdbook , which also has sections for the red and red belted galloways .

By 1907 there were 22 herds and about 400 registered animals in the herdbook , mainly in the Midlands and on the Isle of Man .
by 1907 there were 22 herds and about 400 [signed up] animals in the herdbook , mainly in the midlands and on the isle of man .

It is a typical British beef type and perhaps for that reason its numbers at home are now dangerously low : fewer than 450 breeding cows were registered in 1987 when it was for the first time classified as a rare breed , though in the nineteenth century it had been the mainstay of the Scottish beef industry .
it is a typical british beef type and perhaps for that reason its numbers at home are now dangerously low : fewer than 450 breeding cows were [signed up] in 1987 when it was for the first time classified as a rare breed , though in the nineteenth century it had been the mainstay of the scottish beef industry .

The Northern Dairy Shorthorn is officially a rare breed in Britain , though it is sometimes included under the Dairy Shorthorn umbrella in that it is registered in the Coates herdbook , albeit with a separate code to identify the bloodlines .
the northern dairy shorthorn is officially a rare breed in britain , though it is sometimes included under the dairy shorthorn umbrella in that it is [signed up] in the coates herdbook , albeit with a separate code to identify the bloodlines .

After the severe winter of 1946–7 there were only eight cows and five bulls in the herd , but there are now perhaps 50 animals altogether and they are owned and protected by the Chillingham Wild Cattle Association , a registered charity which bought the herd on the death of the eighth Earl in 1972 .
after the severe winter of 1946–7 there were only eight cows and five bulls in the herd , but there are now perhaps 50 animals altogether and they are owned and protected by the chillingham wild cattle association , a [signed up] charity which bought the herd on the death of the eighth earl in 1972 .

Until 1967 , all beef breeds in Scandinavia were registered by the Nordic Association of Beefbreeders but since that year Denmark has registered its own beef animals .
until 1967 , all beef breeds in scandinavia were [signed up] by the nordic association of beefbreeders but since that year denmark has [signed up] its own beef animals .

The Béarnais of Pyrénées-Atlantique is the only purebred remnant of the original yellow-brown , pink-muzzled Pyrenean Blond , a breed which was otherwise absorbed by the Blonde d'Aquitaine ; indeed the Béarnais itself is registered in the latter 's herdbook .
the béarnais of pyrénées-atlantique is the only purebred remnant of the original yellow-brown , pink-muzzled pyrenean blond , a breed which was otherwise absorbed by the blonde d'aquitaine ; indeed the béarnais itself is [signed up] in the latter 's herdbook .

In the event of a second conviction for a like offence , a member is liable , in addition to the penalties already named , to be adjudged to be for ever incapable of holding any public office , and to be incapable for five years of being registered as an elector or voting at an election either of members to serve in Parliament or of members of any public body .
in the event of a second conviction for a like offence , a member is liable , in addition to the penalties already named , to be adjudged to be for ever incapable of holding any public office , and to be incapable for five years of being [signed up] as an elector or voting at an election either of members to serve in parliament or of members of any public body .

Of the 2,329 youngsters registered with Hampshire County Council Careers Service , 21 percent have been unemployed for six months or more .
of the 2,329 youngsters [signed up] with hampshire county council careers service , 21 percent have been unemployed for six months or more .

Nearly half of those registered are in the jobs market for the first time .
nearly half of those [signed up] are in the jobs market for the first time .

Briefly , these factors are : the total population of the area and the number of registered library members ; trends in book publishing — i.e .
briefly , these factors are : the total population of the area and the number of [signed up] library members ; trends in book publishing — i.e .

The fields are still known as South Field , West Field and Mill Field , and are registered as an Ancient Monument .
the fields are still known as south field , west field and mill field , and are [signed up] as an ancient monument .

If you are registered as a disabled person , you are entitled to special consideration from your employer .
if you are [signed up] as a disabled person , you are entitled to special consideration from your employer .

Yet such matters may be relevant in some cases ; one particular example is that if you are registered as disabled , you are entitled to special consideration .
yet such matters may be relevant in some cases ; one particular example is that if you are [signed up] as disabled , you are entitled to special consideration .

Transfer waste to authorised waste carriers who are registered under the Control of Pollution ( Amendment ) Act 1989 , or who are exempt .
transfer waste to authorised waste carriers who are [signed up] under the control of pollution ( amendment ) act 1989 , or who are exempt .

Here the producer does not need to be a registered carrier .
here the producer does not need to be a [signed up] carrier .

’ The pretty face registered conventional sorrow .
’ the pretty face [signed up] conventional sorrow .

In one area he was fortunate enough to gain access to doctors ' lists , which contain the names of most of the population since nearly everyone of every age is registered with a general practitioner .
in one area he was fortunate enough to gain access to doctors ' lists , which contain the names of most of the population since nearly everyone of every age is [signed up] with a general practitioner .

The left side is a highly sophisticated computer which , under deep hypnosis , would give you the data registered five years ago recording the number , make and colour of the car which was standing outside your home at the time .
the left side is a highly sophisticated computer which , under deep hypnosis , would give you the data [signed up] five years ago recording the number , make and colour of the car which was standing outside your home at the time .

Registered envelope 60p
[signed up] envelope 60p

Training is now provided for the BVetMed degree , entitling graduates to be registered as members of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons , which confers on them the title of veterinary surgeon and the sole right to practise as such .
training is now provided for the bvetmed degree , entitling graduates to be [signed up] as members of the royal college of veterinary surgeons , which confers on them the title of veterinary surgeon and the sole right to practise as such .

The choice of subsection can also be important where odours arise from a works registered under The Alkali , etc .
the choice of subsection can also be important where odours arise from a works [signed up] under the alkali , etc .

these may be registered as a local land charge to ensure payment .
these may be [signed up] as a local land charge to ensure payment .

There is no restriction on the local authority regarding works registered under the Alkali , etc .
there is no restriction on the local authority regarding works [signed up] under the alkali , etc .

Many odour problems arise in connection with processes which are required by s.9 ( 1 ) of the 1906 Act to be registered annually with the Director General of the Health and Safety Executive .
many odour problems arise in connection with processes which are required by s.9 ( 1 ) of the 1906 act to be [signed up] annually with the director general of the health and safety executive .

Section 78 ( 1 ) of the Control of Pollution Act 1974 , makes it an offence to carry out this activity , unless it is done in a place registered under the 1906 Act , where controls can be exerted to minimise any pollution .
section 78 ( 1 ) of the control of pollution act 1974 , makes it an offence to carry out this activity , unless it is done in a place [signed up] under the 1906 act , where controls can be exerted to minimise any pollution .

On occasions an odour may be due to , or coincide with , the emission of dark or black smoke , in which case a local authority may be able to initiate action under the Clean Air Acts of 1956 and 1968 , except where the emission arises at works registered under the Alkali , etc. , Works Regulation Act 1906 .
on occasions an odour may be due to , or coincide with , the emission of dark or black smoke , in which case a local authority may be able to initiate action under the clean air acts of 1956 and 1968 , except where the emission arises at works [signed up] under the alkali , etc. , works regulation act 1906 .

Responsibility for controlling odour emissions which affect the public , lies as we have seen , with two main control agencies , the local authority environmental health department and the health and safety executive through their industrial air pollution inspectors , the latter in respect of odours emanating from premises registered under the Alkali , etc .
responsibility for controlling odour emissions which affect the public , lies as we have seen , with two main control agencies , the local authority environmental health department and the health and safety executive through their industrial air pollution inspectors , the latter in respect of odours emanating from premises [signed up] under the alkali , etc .

Once again opinions vary as to whether conditions should be attached with the aim of controlling odour pollution and is regarded by some planners as an undesirable duplication of powers , a view endorsed by the Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution especially with regard to planning conditions designed to control air pollution from registered works .
once again opinions vary as to whether conditions should be attached with the aim of controlling odour pollution and is regarded by some planners as an undesirable duplication of powers , a view endorsed by the royal commission on environmental pollution especially with regard to planning conditions designed to control air pollution from [signed up] works .

In another case the Parliamentary Commissioner investigated complaints alleging failure on the part of the Health and Safety Executive , to take legal proceedings in order to abate obnoxious odours emanating from a nearby factory which produced methyl methacrylate monomer , a registered works under the Alkali , etc. , Works Regulation Act 1906 .
in another case the parliamentary commissioner investigated complaints alleging failure on the part of the health and safety executive , to take legal proceedings in order to abate obnoxious odours emanating from a nearby factory which produced methyl methacrylate monomer , a [signed up] works under the alkali , etc. , works regulation act 1906 .

He barely registered the factory — all he could see was his stepfather 's face on the pillow , grey and shrunken , and his mother sitting patiently beside him .
he barely [signed up] the factory — all he could see was his stepfather 's face on the pillow , grey and shrunken , and his mother sitting patiently beside him .

The right of establishment can be invoked by a company registered in a member state against the national authorities of that state if they seek to prevent it setting up agencies , branches or subsidiaries , or participating in the incorporation of a company in another member state .
the right of establishment can be invoked by a company [signed up] in a member state against the national authorities of that state if they seek to prevent it setting up agencies , branches or subsidiaries , or participating in the incorporation of a company in another member state .

If the securities are to be listed in the member state where the issuer has its registered office , the listing particulars must be drawn up under the laws of , and approved by , the competent authority in that member state .
if the securities are to be listed in the member state where the issuer has its [signed up] office , the listing particulars must be drawn up under the laws of , and approved by , the competent authority in that member state .

The proposed Directive applies only to bids made for companies registered in a member state and publicly quoted on a stock exchange in the Community .
the proposed directive applies only to bids made for companies [signed up] in a member state and publicly quoted on a stock exchange in the community .

Some part of Delaney 's brain registered confusion .
some part of delaney 's brain [signed up] confusion .

While bringing many qualities to his new post , Mr Snyder could not be said to possess great insight into the subject — in fact he did n't possess any sight at all ; the new chairman was registered as blind .
while bringing many qualities to his new post , mr snyder could not be said to possess great insight into the subject — in fact he did n't possess any sight at all ; the new chairman was [signed up] as blind .

This is an amateur sport for registered Arab and Anglo Arab horses and is run under Jockey Club rules .
this is an amateur sport for [signed up] arab and anglo arab horses and is run under jockey club rules .

This is an amateur sport for registered Arab and Anglo Arab horses and is run under Jockey Club rules .
this is an amateur sport for [signed up] arab and anglo arab horses and is run under jockey club rules .

The Denby Dale Pie Trust was registered as a charity and ‘ pie ‘ 88 ’ was on its way .
the denby dale pie trust was [signed up] as a charity and ‘ pie ‘ 88 ’ was on its way .

26 , had a variety of white-collar-jobs , now in her second year of training to be a State Registered Nurse .
26 , had a variety of white-collar-jobs , now in her second year of training to be a state [signed up] nurse .

They offer free professional advice on jewellery repairs , all of which are undertaken by highly skilled goldsmiths , and as Registered Valuers , approved by the National Association of Goldsmiths they offer detailed , accurate valuations , and advice on the purchase of jewellery .
they offer free professional advice on jewellery repairs , all of which are undertaken by highly skilled goldsmiths , and as [signed up] valuers , approved by the national association of goldsmiths they offer detailed , accurate valuations , and advice on the purchase of jewellery .

The marriage must take place in a registered place of worship ( church , synagogue etc . )
the marriage must take place in a [signed up] place of worship ( church , synagogue etc . )

Mannesmann promptly subcontracted the job , through a firm registered in super-discrete Lichtenstein , to one Bernard Paringaux , a waste handler who has lost his licence at least once , and presumably knows how to lose a touchy cargo .
mannesmann promptly subcontracted the job , through a firm [signed up] in super-discrete lichtenstein , to one bernard paringaux , a waste handler who has lost his licence at least once , and presumably knows how to lose a touchy cargo .

We adjusted the instrument to full sensitivity , and found that a standard fish — a 330-g live trout — barely registered at depths below 150 m .
we adjusted the instrument to full sensitivity , and found that a standard fish — a 330-g live trout — barely [signed up] at depths below 150 m .

The alpine char we had already caught at 220 m , weighing around 220 g each , would not have registered at that depth .
the alpine char we had already caught at 220 m , weighing around 220 g each , would not have [signed up] at that depth .

Accordingly , we reduced the sensitivity of our scanning sonars to eliminate most of the signals from fish , to the point where only larger fish registered in the surface layers , and the calibration fish , the 330-g trout , was barely detectable at 25 m .
accordingly , we reduced the sensitivity of our scanning sonars to eliminate most of the signals from fish , to the point where only larger fish [signed up] in the surface layers , and the calibration fish , the 330-g trout , was barely detectable at 25 m .

To the east , in Wollo , the Save the Children Fund is intensively feeding 700 out of the 3000 children it has registered at the Korem camp .
to the east , in wollo , the save the children fund is intensively feeding 700 out of the 3000 children it has [signed up] at the korem camp .

About 2500 of these are registered in the computer , which stores relevant data on their blood and tissue types .
about 2500 of these are [signed up] in the computer , which stores relevant data on their blood and tissue types .

In the new system , after a registered kidney donor has died , the hospital to which he or she has been taken contacts the nearest computer centre .
in the new system , after a [signed up] kidney donor has died , the hospital to which he or she has been taken contacts the nearest computer centre .

The system may be expanded in future to handle records on registered donors and follow-up information on recipients .
the system may be expanded in future to handle records on [signed up] donors and follow-up information on recipients .

Birds of prey have been registered nose-diving at speeds of up to 1 l 0 miles an hour .
birds of prey have been [signed up] nose-diving at speeds of up to 1 l 0 miles an hour .

The death certificate may need to be collected from the hospital , the death must be registered , friends and relatives must be informed and the funeral arranged .
the death certificate may need to be collected from the hospital , the death must be [signed up] , friends and relatives must be informed and the funeral arranged .

Such a body must be registered with the Registrar of Companies ; default leading to limited partners being treated as unlimited ones .
such a body must be [signed up] with the registrar of companies ; default leading to limited partners being treated as unlimited ones .

The normal form of debenture is payable to registered holders , although bearer debentures ( which are negotiable instruments ) and debentures which are convertible into shares are also possible .
the normal form of debenture is payable to [signed up] holders , although bearer debentures ( which are negotiable instruments ) and debentures which are convertible into shares are also possible .

The trust , a registered charity , was formed to overlook the remaining 30 acres of the site and to restore or refurbish wherever possible .
the trust , a [signed up] charity , was formed to overlook the remaining 30 acres of the site and to restore or refurbish wherever possible .

And that they registered similar changes when other creatures — insects , spiders and so on — suffered pain in their presence .
and that they [signed up] similar changes when other creatures — insects , spiders and so on — suffered pain in their presence .

Emphasizing the power of the inner connectedness of all life forms , especially of those who are attached to each other ( as Backster and his plants clearly were ) , Backster noted how the plants registered the emotional ups and downs of his day in their electrical activity whether or not he was physically present with them .
emphasizing the power of the inner connectedness of all life forms , especially of those who are attached to each other ( as backster and his plants clearly were ) , backster noted how the plants [signed up] the emotional ups and downs of his day in their electrical activity whether or not he was physically present with them .

Economic strategists hope the thousands of new small businesses being registered will soak up the unemployed .
economic strategists hope the thousands of new small businesses being [signed up] will soak up the unemployed .

All registered students on taught courses are assigned to studies advisers who guide in matters affecting course content , assessment and progress . Students are encouraged to talk to their advisers about their work and progress and to seek assistance , if required , with study or examination skills ;
all [signed up] students on taught courses are assigned to studies advisers who guide in matters affecting course content , assessment and progress . students are encouraged to talk to their advisers about their work and progress and to seek assistance , if required , with study or examination skills ;

If you have any continuing illness or condition or if you are registered as a disabled person you should make an early appointment with one of the doctors .
if you have any continuing illness or condition or if you are [signed up] as a disabled person you should make an early appointment with one of the doctors .

Registered general nurses and male and female doctors are available in the Health Centre to deal with general illnesses and accidents and to advise students and staff .
[signed up] general nurses and male and female doctors are available in the health centre to deal with general illnesses and accidents and to advise students and staff .

If a registered or occasional student fails to meet such requirements in relation to the payment of debts as the Council may prescribe , his enrolment may be revoked at any time by the Academic Registrar acting under the authority of the Senate .
if a [signed up] or occasional student fails to meet such requirements in relation to the payment of debts as the council may prescribe , his enrolment may be revoked at any time by the academic registrar acting under the authority of the senate .

Every registered student shall have an adviser of studies or research supervisor and shall be required to see the adviser or supervisor at the beginning of the academic year , at the end of each term , and at such other times as may be required .
every [signed up] student shall have an adviser of studies or research supervisor and shall be required to see the adviser or supervisor at the beginning of the academic year , at the end of each term , and at such other times as may be required .

The Accommodation Office maintains a regularly-updated list of registered lodgings .
the accommodation office maintains a regularly-updated list of [signed up] lodgings .

It provides a family doctor service with access to specialist and hospital facilities for each student who is registered with the University physicians .
it provides a family doctor service with access to specialist and hospital facilities for each student who is [signed up] with the university physicians .

At Magee College , a local Group Practice provides a medical service for all registered students .
at magee college , a local group practice provides a medical service for all [signed up] students .

This applies particularly to students on long-term medication and those registered as disabled persons .
this applies particularly to students on long-term medication and those [signed up] as disabled persons .

Each student registered on a course leading to a formal qualification is automatically eligible for Students ' Union membership .
each student [signed up] on a course leading to a formal qualification is automatically eligible for students ' union membership .

Students may be registered for full-time or part-time study , and the appropriate degree is awarded after submission of a thesis and its approval by a Board of Examiners .
students may be [signed up] for full-time or part-time study , and the appropriate degree is awarded after submission of a thesis and its approval by a board of examiners .

Whilst all research students are formally registered in one of the University 's Departments , opportunities for postgraduate study also exist within a number of Interdisciplinary Research Centres , details of which are available on page 45 .
whilst all research students are formally [signed up] in one of the university 's departments , opportunities for postgraduate study also exist within a number of interdisciplinary research centres , details of which are available on page 45 .

Whilst research students are registered within one of the above Departments , research in the Faculty is arranged under ten areas of Research Specialism as detailed below :
whilst research students are [signed up] within one of the above departments , research in the faculty is arranged under ten areas of research specialism as detailed below :

The registered nurse tutor is involved in the education of the learner throughout training , and has a heavy commitment to teaching in the school of nursing .
the [signed up] nurse tutor is involved in the education of the learner throughout training , and has a heavy commitment to teaching in the school of nursing .

Some information is registered and acted upon , other information may register but be stored and recalled later whilst other information may not be registered at all .
some information is [signed up] and acted upon , other information may register but be stored and recalled later whilst other information may not be [signed up] at all .

The Accommodation Office maintains a regularly-updated list of registered lodgings .
the accommodation office maintains a regularly-updated list of [signed up] lodgings .

It provides a family doctor service with access to specialist and hospital facilities for each student who is registered with the University physicians .
it provides a family doctor service with access to specialist and hospital facilities for each student who is [signed up] with the university physicians .

At Magee College , a local Group Practice provides a medical service for all registered students .
at magee college , a local group practice provides a medical service for all [signed up] students .

This applies particularly to students on long-term medication and those registered as disabled persons .
this applies particularly to students on long-term medication and those [signed up] as disabled persons .

Each student registered on a course leading to a formal qualification is automatically eligible for Student Union membership .
each student [signed up] on a course leading to a formal qualification is automatically eligible for student union membership .

Despite John 's wishes , when the company was finally registered only Jennie and Doris Alloway were listed as directors with Mr Smith as secretary .
despite john 's wishes , when the company was finally [signed up] only jennie and doris alloway were listed as directors with mr smith as secretary .

Ask at your local post office or council for information on obtaining a bus pass ; and for a leaflet on how to get a Senior Citizen 's Railcard , ask at your local railway station , or British Rail registered travel agent .
ask at your local post office or council for information on obtaining a bus pass ; and for a leaflet on how to get a senior citizen 's railcard , ask at your local railway station , or british rail [signed up] travel agent .

Check with the relevant professional organisation that the one you choose is registered , and is therefore properly qualified .
check with the relevant professional organisation that the one you choose is [signed up] , and is therefore properly qualified .

students , retired people over 60 , under 18s , passport to leisure , stage pass holders and registered unemployed — half price seats throughout the house .
students , retired people over 60 , under 18s , passport to leisure , stage pass holders and [signed up] unemployed — half price seats throughout the house .

Yanto cycled on down the wharf , dodging the mooring ropes until he arrived at the berth of a small Norwegian timber boat called ‘ Marit , ’ registered in Oslo .
yanto cycled on down the wharf , dodging the mooring ropes until he arrived at the berth of a small norwegian timber boat called ‘ marit , ’ [signed up] in oslo .

The news slowly penetrated Yanto 's brain , then registered .
the news slowly penetrated yanto 's brain , then [signed up] .

Many health authorities employ a continence adviser who is a registered nurse with further training in managing incontinence .
many health authorities employ a continence adviser who is a [signed up] nurse with further training in managing incontinence .

Given that approximately 500,000 children left school each year , the figure of 42,000 represents about 8 % of all school-leavers who found their first full-time job through the juvenile exchange system , though a far greater number registered .
given that approximately 500,000 children left school each year , the figure of 42,000 represents about 8 % of all school-leavers who found their first full-time job through the juvenile exchange system , though a far greater number [signed up] .

Environmental change is here registered as a modification of forest composition rather than as weed-infested secondary rainforest .
environmental change is here [signed up] as a modification of forest composition rather than as weed-infested secondary rainforest .

More cruise ships have been registered , aircraft capacity has grown and traffic in small locally operated tourist boats and private yachts has increased .
more cruise ships have been [signed up] , aircraft capacity has grown and traffic in small locally operated tourist boats and private yachts has increased .

In a complex web of mystifying deals , Hibs were held together by a financial structure which in the space of a few years involved a local bookmaker , an English based company with extensive leisure interests in the west country and a company registered in Panama called Charcoal Holdings .
in a complex web of mystifying deals , hibs were held together by a financial structure which in the space of a few years involved a local bookmaker , an english based company with extensive leisure interests in the west country and a company [signed up] in panama called charcoal holdings .

Each registered nurse , midwife or health visitor is accountable for his or her practice , and in the exercise of professional accountability shall : act always in such a way as to promote and safeguard the well-being and interests of patients/clients .
each [signed up] nurse , midwife or health visitor is accountable for his or her practice , and in the exercise of professional accountability shall : act always in such a way as to promote and safeguard the well-being and interests of patients/clients .

Employers who signed the major collective bargaining agreements with the ILGWU in the women ’ s industry ( primarily manufacturers ) not only agreed to abide by wage and working conditions for their own employees , they also pledged to use only contractors “ designated or registered ” with the union and the employer association.26 These contractors , in turn , agreed to abide by the terms laid out by the collective agreement .
employers who signed the major collective bargaining agreements with the ilgwu in the women ’ s industry ( primarily manufacturers ) not only agreed to abide by wage and working conditions for their own employees , they also pledged to use only contractors “ designated or [signed up] ” with the union and the employer association.26 these contractors , in turn , agreed to abide by the terms laid out by the collective agreement .

All tartan patterns must be registered , and one of the most recent is the new Britannia tartan , commissioned especially for the Royal Yacht Britannia in its new Scottish home .
all tartan patterns must be [signed up] , and one of the most recent is the new britannia tartan , commissioned especially for the royal yacht britannia in its new scottish home .

Of interest is the Kiyomizu Kannon Hall , modeled after the larger and more famous Kiyomizu temple in Kyoto ; registered as a National Treasure , this is one of the few buildings that survived the battle of 1868 intact .
of interest is the kiyomizu kannon hall , modeled after the larger and more famous kiyomizu temple in kyoto ; [signed up] as a national treasure , this is one of the few buildings that survived the battle of 1868 intact .

Many are still standing , and some are registered as National Treasures .
many are still standing , and some are [signed up] as national treasures .

Two of these are registered as National Treasures : the shariden ( hall of holy relics ) , built in 1282 , and the huge belfry on the hill above .
two of these are [signed up] as national treasures : the shariden ( hall of holy relics ) , built in 1282 , and the huge belfry on the hill above .

The homotsukan ( treasure house ) of Tokeiji has a collection of Kamakura-period paintings , sculpture , and calligraphy , some of which are registered as Important Cultural Objects .
the homotsukan ( treasure house ) of tokeiji has a collection of kamakura-period paintings , sculpture , and calligraphy , some of which are [signed up] as important cultural objects .

However , attitudes have changed , and diving is now a legal and welcomed activity , provided you dive with an approved and registered organization .
however , attitudes have changed , and diving is now a legal and welcomed activity , provided you dive with an approved and [signed up] organization .

Each dive center is registered by the Greek government , and qualified to offer training for novice divers and supervision for qualified divers .
each dive center is [signed up] by the greek government , and qualified to offer training for novice divers and supervision for qualified divers .

If you have never scuba-dived before , each dive center is registered by the Greek government to offer training in addition to dive supervision for qualified divers .
if you have never scuba-dived before , each dive center is [signed up] by the greek government to offer training in addition to dive supervision for qualified divers .

She became a registered nurse , but always held on to the idea that someday she would be a lawyer .
she became a [signed up] nurse , but always held on to the idea that someday she would be a lawyer .

Poverty law agencies , too , have recently registered fewer hours of service to clients who most needed legal help .
poverty law agencies , too , have recently [signed up] fewer hours of service to clients who most needed legal help .

Beyea , a lawyer at Pine Tree Legal Services , conducted the study and said she surveyed district court judges , case management officers , family law attorneys and people registered to be GALs .
beyea , a lawyer at pine tree legal services , conducted the study and said she surveyed district court judges , case management officers , family law attorneys and people [signed up] to be gals .

Daletta Andreas , Hill Country chapter executive director , said the chapter has received calls from people who thought registering with FEMA or for cleanup services from local groups automatically registered them for Red Cross services .
daletta andreas , hill country chapter executive director , said the chapter has received calls from people who thought registering with fema or for cleanup services from local groups automatically [signed up] them for red cross services .

Implications of an aging registered nurse workforce .
implications of an aging [signed up] nurse workforce .

Suggested priorities for the PCAOB included establishing policies and procedures for disciplinary actions and conducting inspections of registered public accounting firms .
suggested priorities for the pcaob included establishing policies and procedures for disciplinary actions and conducting inspections of [signed up] public accounting firms .

The SEC estimated that of the 23,350 investment advisers currently registered with the SEC , 17,650 advisers would be considered small entities .
the sec estimated that of the 23,350 investment advisers currently [signed up] with the sec , 17,650 advisers would be considered small entities .

The Final Analysis for the Registration Form rule notes that of the approximately 2,700 registered open-end management investment companies , approximately 620 or GAO/OGC-98-40 23 percent are funds which meet the definition of small entities with net assets of $ 50 million or less at the end of the most recent fiscal year .
the final analysis for the registration form rule notes that of the approximately 2,700 [signed up] open-end management investment companies , approximately 620 or gao/ogc-98-40 23 percent are funds which meet the definition of small entities with net assets of $ 50 million or less at the end of the most recent fiscal year .

Once employees registered their interest in participating in the program , we considered a number of factors including : employee knowledge , skills , performance , and competencies ; the organizational unit or subunit in which an employee worked ; an employee 's occupational series , grade , or band level , as appropriate ; and the geographic location of the employee .
once employees [signed up] their interest in participating in the program , we considered a number of factors including : employee knowledge , skills , performance , and competencies ; the organizational unit or subunit in which an employee worked ; an employee 's occupational series , grade , or band level , as appropriate ; and the geographic location of the employee .

Approximately 120 individuals from 30 federal agencies registered to attend the forum .
approximately 120 individuals from 30 federal agencies [signed up] to attend the forum .

If we want to illustrate , for example , working conditions for immigrant laborers , we can report what the thermometers registered and we can also report , firsthand , how people were sweating and what it felt like to be out in the fields .
if we want to illustrate , for example , working conditions for immigrant laborers , we can report what the thermometers [signed up] and we can also report , firsthand , how people were sweating and what it felt like to be out in the fields .

If the evaluation question involved an understanding of working conditions for migrant laborers or workers in heavy industry , a thick description , even including information on how exhausted the evaluator felt in the heat , would be more appropriate-according to some case study methodologists-than only recording that the thermometer registered 95 degrees .
if the evaluation question involved an understanding of working conditions for migrant laborers or workers in heavy industry , a thick description , even including information on how exhausted the evaluator felt in the heat , would be more appropriate-according to some case study methodologists-than only recording that the thermometer [signed up] 95 degrees .

Hazmi also had a car registered and had been listed in the San Diego telephone book .
hazmi also had a car [signed up] and had been listed in the san diego telephone book .

There are at least three registered traveler programs underway , at different points in the system , designed and run by two different agencies in the Department of Homeland Security ( outside the U.S. VISIT system ) , which must ultimately be the basis for access to the United States .
there are at least three [signed up] traveler programs underway , at different points in the system , designed and run by two different agencies in the department of homeland security ( outside the u.s. visit system ) , which must ultimately be the basis for access to the united states .

FBI agents found that the man 's statements about his flight training were true and that his firearms were legally registered .
fbi agents found that the man 's statements about his flight training were true and that his firearms were legally [signed up] .

The shock registered in public opinion polls , where the percentage of Americans declaring a `` highly favorable '' view of the FBI dropped from 84 percent to 37 percent .
the shock [signed up] in public opinion polls , where the percentage of americans declaring a `` highly favorable '' view of the fbi dropped from 84 percent to 37 percent .

In the years before September 11 , terrorism seldom registered as important .
in the years before september 11 , terrorism seldom [signed up] as important .

After enrolling at the University of Hamburg , he promptly transferred into the city engineering and planning course at the Technical University of Hamburg-Harburg , where he would remain registered as a student until the fall of 1999 .
after enrolling at the university of hamburg , he promptly transferred into the city engineering and planning course at the technical university of hamburg-harburg , where he would remain [signed up] as a student until the fall of 1999 .

The mission commander for the Predator flights , Air Force Major Mark A. Cooter , had registered his opposition to redeploying the aircraft back in December 2000 : `` given the cost/benefit from these continued missions it seems senseless . ''
the mission commander for the predator flights , air force major mark a. cooter , had [signed up] his opposition to redeploying the aircraft back in december 2000 : `` given the cost/benefit from these continued missions it seems senseless . ''

On April 12 , 2000 , Hazmi registered for a one-month class in conversational English .
on april 12 , 2000 , hazmi [signed up] for a one-month class in conversational english .

Current journal requirements forcing clinical trials to be registered [ 1 ] are insufficient and are unlikely to solve the problem of negative trials never even making it to a journal .
current journal requirements forcing clinical trials to be [signed up] [ 1 ] are insufficient and are unlikely to solve the problem of negative trials never even making it to a journal .

Because the NDA forms the basis for marketing approval , it seems likely that the percentage of industry-sponsored trials that are registered with the FDA is very high .
because the nda forms the basis for marketing approval , it seems likely that the percentage of industry-sponsored trials that are [signed up] with the fda is very high .

Drug companies fund investigator-initiated trials that are often not registered with the FDA .
drug companies fund investigator-initiated trials that are often not [signed up] with the fda .

Fraser says the western Antarctic Peninsula has registered the “ largest increase in temperatures on the planet ” —on the order of 6 degrees Celsius—over the past 50 years .
fraser says the western antarctic peninsula has [signed up] the “ largest increase in temperatures on the planet ” —on the order of 6 degrees celsius—over the past 50 years .

Then imagine the frustration when you click on the link to read the message , “ Access Denied—access to this journal is restricted to registered institutional and individual subscribers. ” There 's the rub : this actually happened to the Director of the Wellcome Trust .
then imagine the frustration when you click on the link to read the message , “ access denied—access to this journal is restricted to [signed up] institutional and individual subscribers. ” there 's the rub : this actually happened to the director of the wellcome trust .

Known in auditory science as spontaneous otoacoustic emission , the sound registered by the microphone is a clear message that the cochlea uses active processes to detect the phenomenally faint sounds—measured in micropascals—that our ears routinely hear .
known in auditory science as spontaneous otoacoustic emission , the sound [signed up] by the microphone is a clear message that the cochlea uses active processes to detect the phenomenally faint sounds—measured in micropascals—that our ears routinely hear .

The paper looked at 27 different types of cancers ( all those with more than 200 cases ) that had been registered between 1955 and 2002 and analysed the frequency of close and distant relatives also having that cancer , or another kind of cancer .
the paper looked at 27 different types of cancers ( all those with more than 200 cases ) that had been [signed up] between 1955 and 2002 and analysed the frequency of close and distant relatives also having that cancer , or another kind of cancer .

The EPA acknowledges that over 140 registered pesticides are neurotoxic ( i.e. , specifically designed to act against pests by interfering with neurotransmitters or other processes shared by mammals and insects ) , but the EPA has received DNT testing using validated protocols for only nine pesticides [ 49,75,76,77 ] .
the epa acknowledges that over 140 [signed up] pesticides are neurotoxic ( i.e. , specifically designed to act against pests by interfering with neurotransmitters or other processes shared by mammals and insects ) , but the epa has received dnt testing using validated protocols for only nine pesticides [ 49,75,76,77 ] .

The scientific literature will remain biased unless the publishing industry changes its practices and provides a place where the results from all registered trials can be published .
the scientific literature will remain biased unless the publishing industry changes its practices and provides a place where the results from all [signed up] trials can be published .

Moreover , many trials are registered in a semi-public database maintained by the United States Food and Drug Administration , and there are compelling arguments ( which Turner articulates in an essay published online ahead of our December issue [ 4 ] ) for making this a truly public resource .
moreover , many trials are [signed up] in a semi-public database maintained by the united states food and drug administration , and there are compelling arguments ( which turner articulates in an essay published online ahead of our december issue [ 4 ] ) for making this a truly public resource .

For example , recent United Nations Educational , Scientific , and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) estimates ( UNESCO 2001 ) indicate that , in 1997 , the developed countries accounted for some 84 % of the global investment in scientific research and development , had approximately 72 % of the world researchers , and produced approximately 88 % of all scientific and technical publications registered by the Science Citation Index ( SCI ) .
for example , recent united nations educational , scientific , and cultural organization ( unesco ) estimates ( unesco 2001 ) indicate that , in 1997 , the developed countries accounted for some 84 % of the global investment in scientific research and development , had approximately 72 % of the world researchers , and produced approximately 88 % of all scientific and technical publications [signed up] by the science citation index ( sci ) .

Even after last year 's success , less than 113 of our class is registered as a donor .
even after last year 's success , less than 113 of our class is [signed up] as a donor .

The NYT says that Schippers will express the personal regret he feels as a registered Democrat about the charges he 's tendering .
the nyt says that schippers will express the personal regret he feels as a [signed up] democrat about the charges he 's tendering .

The top non-local story at the Los Angeles Times states that the election chances of acting Russian President Vladimir Putin are excellent in part because of a bill Boris Yeltsin signed on his last day in office that requires candidates to garner the signatures of 1 million registered voters , an accomplishment the paper says will be much easier for Putin -- now in control of considerable resources as the head of state -- than for any potential rival .
the top non-local story at the los angeles times states that the election chances of acting russian president vladimir putin are excellent in part because of a bill boris yeltsin signed on his last day in office that requires candidates to garner the signatures of 1 million [signed up] voters , an accomplishment the paper says will be much easier for putin -- now in control of considerable resources as the head of state -- than for any potential rival .

The coverage says the Seattle bomb-smuggling plan reflected sophistication , although the LAT notes `` a major slip-up '' occurred when the man arrested in Brooklyn , although registered under an alias at a hotel in Seattle , used his real address .
the coverage says the seattle bomb-smuggling plan reflected sophistication , although the lat notes `` a major slip-up '' occurred when the man arrested in brooklyn , although [signed up] under an alias at a hotel in seattle , used his real address .

Editorialists said Nicholson had made the investigators ' job comically easy ( he even climbed into a car with diplomatic plates registered to the Russian Embassy ) and , even so , had n't been caught and busted soon enough .
editorialists said nicholson had made the investigators ' job comically easy ( he even climbed into a car with diplomatic plates [signed up] to the russian embassy ) and , even so , had n't been caught and busted soon enough .

Slate are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corp. in the United States and/or other countries .
slate are either [signed up] trademarks or trademarks of microsoft corp. in the united states and/or other countries .

DiGenova and Toensing are lobbyists registered on behalf of several clients including the American Hospital Association .
digenova and toensing are lobbyists [signed up] on behalf of several clients including the american hospital association .

Young people , especially teens , have always registered optimism .
young people , especially teens , have always [signed up] optimism .

Before you can vote , you need to have registered , often several weeks before an election .
before you can vote , you need to have [signed up] , often several weeks before an election .

The domain name WebInvest.com is already registered by Kenneth L. Riffle , but OneBornEveryMinute.com is still available .
the domain name webinvest.com is already [signed up] by kenneth l. riffle , but oneborneveryminute.com is still available .

All assault weapons should be banned , all gun owners licensed , and all guns registered .
all assault weapons should be banned , all gun owners licensed , and all guns [signed up] .

TIME.com 's straw poll allowed anyone , not just registered voters , to cast a ballot and to do so as many times as they wished .
time.com 's straw poll allowed anyone , not just [signed up] voters , to cast a ballot and to do so as many times as they wished .

This means that Bill Bradley can target not just middle-aged basketball fans but also middle-aged basketball fans who are registered Democratic voters in New Hampshire .
this means that bill bradley can target not just middle-aged basketball fans but also middle-aged basketball fans who are [signed up] democratic voters in new hampshire .

For a specific category of registered voters , the price might rise as high as $ 70 per thousand .
for a specific category of [signed up] voters , the price might rise as high as $ 70 per thousand .

They will also have to agree to have their current and future sexual partners registered and monitored by the medical authorities , to `` use barrier contraceptives consistently and for life , '' and never to give blood .
they will also have to agree to have their current and future sexual partners [signed up] and monitored by the medical authorities , to `` use barrier contraceptives consistently and for life , '' and never to give blood .

Dollar-A-Day.com is already registered by Execulink Internet Services .
dollar-a-day.com is already [signed up] by execulink internet services .

The paper also quoted Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue as saying that Falun Gong had been banned because it had not been registered in the manner required by law .
the paper also quoted chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman zhang qiyue as saying that falun gong had been banned because it had not been [signed up] in the manner required by law .

The Internet fund-raising service processes contributions , gathers demographic information , coordinates data for FEC reports and , using a nationwide list of registered voters , checks that contributors are voters in good standing .
the internet fund-raising service processes contributions , gathers demographic information , coordinates data for fec reports and , using a nationwide list of [signed up] voters , checks that contributors are voters in good standing .

In the past , Uncle Ned has been known to make rude and/or offensive statements about people of color , overweight people , those struggling with addictions , men under 5 ' 4 '' , children , homosexuals , virgins , teetotalers , and registered Democrats .
in the past , uncle ned has been known to make rude and/or offensive statements about people of color , overweight people , those struggling with addictions , men under 5 ' 4 '' , children , homosexuals , virgins , teetotalers , and [signed up] democrats .

Next July , the qualified candidates will appear on a national primary ballot , which will be distributed to any registered voter who requests one .
next july , the qualified candidates will appear on a national primary ballot , which will be distributed to any [signed up] voter who requests one .

In its sole discretion and in addition to any other rights or remedies available to it , Metabolife International , Inc. reserves the right to determine whether the User ( s ) is ( are ) engaging in Improper Conduct , [ and ] charge the Registered User ( whose facilities or access rights have been used for Improper Conduct ) an Improper Conduct service fee .
in its sole discretion and in addition to any other rights or remedies available to it , metabolife international , inc. reserves the right to determine whether the user ( s ) is ( are ) engaging in improper conduct , [ and ] charge the [signed up] user ( whose facilities or access rights have been used for improper conduct ) an improper conduct service fee .

The Times story notes in its seventh paragraph that Hillary Clinton registered disappointment in the decision .
the times story notes in its seventh paragraph that hillary clinton [signed up] disappointment in the decision .

As a registered pedant , I can not refrain from posing this political trivia question : Who was the original éminence grise on whom Shearer 's word play is based ?
as a [signed up] pedant , i can not refrain from posing this political trivia question : who was the original éminence grise on whom shearer 's word play is based ?

In New York state , 480,000 students -- one in five -- attend one of 2,400 registered parochial schools , which are mostly Catholic or Jewish .
in new york state , 480,000 students -- one in five -- attend one of 2,400 [signed up] parochial schools , which are mostly catholic or jewish .

It went on to note `` that India 's own record on human rights has been appalling , with the complaints registered with the National Human Rights Commission exceeding 30,000 last year . ''
it went on to note `` that india 's own record on human rights has been appalling , with the complaints [signed up] with the national human rights commission exceeding 30,000 last year . ''

I 'm a male Caucasian , am not inclined to consider myself a `` religious '' or even a `` Christian '' person , and am a 55-year-old registered Democrat ( having switched parties in 1995 after having been a registered Republican all the years before and mainly because of the present influence of the so-called religious right in the Republican Party ) .
i 'm a male caucasian , am not inclined to consider myself a `` religious '' or even a `` christian '' person , and am a 55-year-old [signed up] democrat ( having switched parties in 1995 after having been a [signed up] republican all the years before and mainly because of the present influence of the so-called religious right in the republican party ) .

To vote you must be a registered Slate reader .
to vote you must be a [signed up] slate reader .

If you 've never registered , we suggest you do so now by clicking here .
if you 've never [signed up] , we suggest you do so now by clicking here .

I forget how Dole voted on the 1976 revisions to Title 17 of the U.S. Code , but it clearly never registered with him that , in pop songs , copyright belongs to the copyright holder -- in this case the recording company -- not to the recording artists .
i forget how dole voted on the 1976 revisions to title 17 of the u.s. code , but it clearly never [signed up] with him that , in pop songs , copyright belongs to the copyright holder -- in this case the recording company -- not to the recording artists .

The paper calls on lawmakers to ban assault weapons , require that guns be registered and owners licensed , impose background checks at gun shows , and ban Internet gun sales by private parties .
the paper calls on lawmakers to ban assault weapons , require that guns be [signed up] and owners licensed , impose background checks at gun shows , and ban internet gun sales by private parties .

Organizations that sign up voters ca n't stay in touch with them , ca n't remind the newly registered to vote , and ca n't ensure that the new voters will remember their cause if they do vote .
organizations that sign up voters ca n't stay in touch with them , ca n't remind the newly [signed up] to vote , and ca n't ensure that the new voters will remember their cause if they do vote .

Five days after Newvoter.com mails the official registration form to the voter , she receives an e-mail reminding her to look for the form and noting that she is not registered to vote until it is signed and returned .
five days after newvoter.com mails the official registration form to the voter , she receives an e-mail reminding her to look for the form and noting that she is not [signed up] to vote until it is signed and returned .

All three papers report that the Turkish quake registered a 7.2 on the standard measuring scale ( the August 17 one was a 7.4 ) and was closely centered in the Bolu province , halfway between Istanbul and Ankara ( the August 17 one hit Bolu , but its impact spanned a much wider area ) .
all three papers report that the turkish quake [signed up] a 7.2 on the standard measuring scale ( the august 17 one was a 7.4 ) and was closely centered in the bolu province , halfway between istanbul and ankara ( the august 17 one hit bolu , but its impact spanned a much wider area ) .

Most of the papers note that Uyesuji has at least 17 weapons registered in his name ( a similar number were found in his home ) and was a member of his high-school shooting team .
most of the papers note that uyesuji has at least 17 weapons [signed up] in his name ( a similar number were found in his home ) and was a member of his high-school shooting team .

To read what he has to say , type this address after you 've registered : www.slate.com/The/fray/main.asp ? thread=111 . )
to read what he has to say , type this address after you 've [signed up] : www.slate.com/the/fray/main.asp ? thread=111 . )

This is a number made absurd by the fact that 1 ) A 6 percent rise is hardly a tidal wave ; 2 ) in no universe is 45 percent a majority ; 3 ) impeachment hearings are not impeachment ; and 4 ) similar polls registered impeachment support at 24 percent or 14 percent .
this is a number made absurd by the fact that 1 ) a 6 percent rise is hardly a tidal wave ; 2 ) in no universe is 45 percent a majority ; 3 ) impeachment hearings are not impeachment ; and 4 ) similar polls [signed up] impeachment support at 24 percent or 14 percent .

There have been more than 6,000 aftershocks , including one that registered 6.8 .
there have been more than 6,000 aftershocks , including one that [signed up] 6.8 .

Which is to say , before the Cold War and World War II , when this is how Americans registered nearly all foreign wars ... isolated two-month news stories , a sudden ghastly horror show in some obscure exotic place where America has no obvious national interest , wars that fit into no grand struggle ( e.g .
which is to say , before the cold war and world war ii , when this is how americans [signed up] nearly all foreign wars ... isolated two-month news stories , a sudden ghastly horror show in some obscure exotic place where america has no obvious national interest , wars that fit into no grand struggle ( e.g .

The idea seems to have worked : The ad emerged as one of the Super Bowl broadcast 's 10 most successful , according to USA Today 's people meter , a hand-held dial that registered the second-by-second reaction of a sample of 139 consumers .
the idea seems to have worked : the ad emerged as one of the super bowl broadcast 's 10 most successful , according to usa today 's people meter , a hand-held dial that [signed up] the second-by-second reaction of a sample of 139 consumers .

The Los Angeles Times leads with a snapshot of the nation 's current political sentiment , based on 1,800 adults ( including 370 who are n't registered to vote -- who cares what they think ? ) .
the los angeles times leads with a snapshot of the nation 's current political sentiment , based on 1,800 adults ( including 370 who are n't [signed up] to vote -- who cares what they think ? ) .

The result was that when Stapp staggered off the rocket sled with bloodshot eyes and bleeding sores , all the sensors registered zero .
the result was that when stapp staggered off the rocket sled with bloodshot eyes and bleeding sores , all the sensors [signed up] zero .

When you consider that China.com has only 750,000 registered users in a country of more than a billion people , calling its foothold `` key '' seems rather dubious .
when you consider that china.com has only 750,000 [signed up] users in a country of more than a billion people , calling its foothold `` key '' seems rather dubious .

As Purdum also reported , Republican registration has `` dropped from about 39 percent of the voters in the district to about 33 percent now , with the Democrats , fueled by newly registered Hispanic voters , picking up the difference . ''
as purdum also reported , republican registration has `` dropped from about 39 percent of the voters in the district to about 33 percent now , with the democrats , fueled by newly [signed up] hispanic voters , picking up the difference . ''

Once you 've registered that relationship , you realize that a layer of orange smolders underneath and flickers at the seam of the two colors .
once you 've [signed up] that relationship , you realize that a layer of orange smolders underneath and flickers at the seam of the two colors .

The NYT reports that the `` spirited contests '' between candidates is n't enough to spark much enthusiasm for the old-fashioned exercise in democracy : though presidential hopefuls have stumped tirelessly throughout the state ( save John McCain , who is skipping Iowa to concentrate on next week 's primary in New Hampshire ) , only one-ninth of registered voters are expected to turn out Monday night to stand up and nominate their candidates .
the nyt reports that the `` spirited contests '' between candidates is n't enough to spark much enthusiasm for the old-fashioned exercise in democracy : though presidential hopefuls have stumped tirelessly throughout the state ( save john mccain , who is skipping iowa to concentrate on next week 's primary in new hampshire ) , only one-ninth of [signed up] voters are expected to turn out monday night to stand up and nominate their candidates .

Another important piece of perspective should have been higher up : Of the 1.8 million registered Iowa voters , only about 166,000 participated in the caucuses .
another important piece of perspective should have been higher up : of the 1.8 million [signed up] iowa voters , only about 166,000 participated in the caucuses .

The NYT goes on to note that last night Russia registered its objection to the appointment , throwing it into doubt and inducing tension between Washington and Moscow , but the paper should have , like the LAT does over its inside story on the matter , mentioned the Russian balk in the headline .
the nyt goes on to note that last night russia [signed up] its objection to the appointment , throwing it into doubt and inducing tension between washington and moscow , but the paper should have , like the lat does over its inside story on the matter , mentioned the russian balk in the headline .

I could n't resist voting , even though I was sure technology would catch me out as I am ( a ) not an American citizen , nor ( b ) a registered Congress voter [ refer a ] .
i could n't resist voting , even though i was sure technology would catch me out as i am ( a ) not an american citizen , nor ( b ) a [signed up] congress voter [ refer a ] .

In April , it was reported that he had registered Internet domain names for only four potential GOP tickets : Bush-Whitman , Bush-Pataki , Bush-Engler , and Bush-Ridge .
in april , it was reported that he had [signed up] internet domain names for only four potential gop tickets : bush-whitman , bush-pataki , bush-engler , and bush-ridge .

He has already registered donations from 1,542 CEO types , as opposed to the 264 who have shelled out for Al Gore .
he has already [signed up] donations from 1,542 ceo types , as opposed to the 264 who have shelled out for al gore .

By sifting such information together , the company believes it can surgically target clusters of voters of special interest to candidates -- such as , say , married women in their 30s who are registered as Republicans in New Hampshire .
by sifting such information together , the company believes it can surgically target clusters of voters of special interest to candidates -- such as , say , married women in their 30s who are [signed up] as republicans in new hampshire .

When people do want to talk about it , they erroneously link Lyndon LaRouche with the Libertarian Party ( he 's a registered Democrat , for God 's sake ! )
when people do want to talk about it , they erroneously link lyndon larouche with the libertarian party ( he 's a [signed up] democrat , for god 's sake ! )

Skeptics from Newt Gingrich to Jesse Jackson have registered dissatisfaction with the idea .
skeptics from newt gingrich to jesse jackson have [signed up] dissatisfaction with the idea .

The Department of Veterans Affairs registered and examined 18,600 American Gulf veterans who were concerned that they might have the syndrome .
the department of veterans affairs [signed up] and examined 18,600 american gulf veterans who were concerned that they might have the syndrome .

A majority of those registered did not share any of the top dozen symptoms .
a majority of those [signed up] did not share any of the top dozen symptoms .

A wide variety of weather will continue to be offered free of charge -- to all registered users -- because , well , that 's just the kind of company we are .
a wide variety of weather will continue to be offered free of charge -- to all [signed up] users -- because , well , that 's just the kind of company we are .

Once registered , you dial a number in the United States , where a computer with caller-ID recognizes you after one ring .
once [signed up] , you dial a number in the united states , where a computer with caller-id recognizes you after one ring .

Its securities need not be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
its securities need not be [signed up] with the securities and exchange commission .

This virtual immunity from tax , explains the Times , as well as similar insulation against the nation 's labor , safety , and environmental laws , is enjoyed by all 17 major cruise lines because they are registered in foreign countries , even though their base of operations is in the U.S. and 90 percent of their passengers are Americans .
this virtual immunity from tax , explains the times , as well as similar insulation against the nation 's labor , safety , and environmental laws , is enjoyed by all 17 major cruise lines because they are [signed up] in foreign countries , even though their base of operations is in the u.s. and 90 percent of their passengers are americans .

Yesterday , reports the Times , the Supremes struck down Colorado 's laws requiring that circulators of initiative petitions be registered to vote in the state and wear identifying badges , and have their name , address and pay on file .
yesterday , reports the times , the supremes struck down colorado 's laws requiring that circulators of initiative petitions be [signed up] to vote in the state and wear identifying badges , and have their name , address and pay on file .

The Wall Street Journal `` Business Bulletin '' reports that the growth of registered trademarks using such words as `` cyber , '' `` link , '' and `` web '' was off 14 percent last year .
the wall street journal `` business bulletin '' reports that the growth of [signed up] trademarks using such words as `` cyber , '' `` link , '' and `` web '' was off 14 percent last year .

I know I made them up all new , though lexicographers might already have registered them .
i know i made them up all new , though lexicographers might already have [signed up] them .

I am referring to the registered trademarks and service marks protected under federal law from the infringement of unscrupulous competitors .
i am referring to the [signed up] trademarks and service marks protected under federal law from the infringement of unscrupulous competitors .

Your trademark or service mark may be registered , but you may have rights to the mark even if you have not registered it , The symbol you choose for your mark may be pictorial , as the bearded representation of the Smith Brothers of cough-drop fame , who , as some would have it , are named , respectively , Trade and Mark .
your trademark or service mark may be [signed up] , but you may have rights to the mark even if you have not [signed up] it , the symbol you choose for your mark may be pictorial , as the bearded representation of the smith brothers of cough-drop fame , who , as some would have it , are named , respectively , trade and mark .

Interestingly , the makers of Coke ( which is also a registered mark ) once sought to prohibit the marketing of something called Tacola-Cola , as well as any other drink with the word cola in its name .
interestingly , the makers of coke ( which is also a [signed up] mark ) once sought to prohibit the marketing of something called tacola-cola , as well as any other drink with the word cola in its name .

Verbatim , the language quarterly , registered as a trademark in 1974 , failed in its suit against the manufacturer of Verbatim floppy disks , introduced in 1977 , though the Verbatim ( disk ) company agreed never to produce anything but blank recording media , while VERBATIM is enjoined only from producing blank media .
verbatim , the language quarterly , [signed up] as a trademark in 1974 , failed in its suit against the manufacturer of verbatim floppy disks , introduced in 1977 , though the verbatim ( disk ) company agreed never to produce anything but blank recording media , while verbatim is enjoined only from producing blank media .

It is assumed that all present owners of the OED2e on CD have registered and , if so , will receive notice of the enhancements .
it is assumed that all present owners of the oed2e on cd have [signed up] and , if so , will receive notice of the enhancements .

During a recent hospital stay ( my first ) , I learned that the person who mops the floor is referred to as a health professional , along with what I would have called the medical orderly who has the responsibility for taking blood samples , the registered nurse in attendance , the head floor or ward nurse , and the various doctors .
during a recent hospital stay ( my first ) , i learned that the person who mops the floor is referred to as a health professional , along with what i would have called the medical orderly who has the responsibility for taking blood samples , the [signed up] nurse in attendance , the head floor or ward nurse , and the various doctors .

Both list Filofax ( Neologisms holding that the trade mark was registered in 1941 , the ODNW says the early thirties ) , and , as expected , the latter includes several subentries ( e.g. , Filofiction , which indicates not only the productivity of Filo - as a prefix but the metaphoricity of the element ) and six citations ; Neologisms , in its short entry and one citation , leaves the user to derive what he can about the metaphoric uses of the word .
both list filofax ( neologisms holding that the trade mark was [signed up] in 1941 , the odnw says the early thirties ) , and , as expected , the latter includes several subentries ( e.g. , filofiction , which indicates not only the productivity of filo - as a prefix but the metaphoricity of the element ) and six citations ; neologisms , in its short entry and one citation , leaves the user to derive what he can about the metaphoric uses of the word .

