In another attack , Samuel Verstandig , 41 , proprietor of a food store in the 2100 block Aiken Street , told police two Negroes assaulted him in his store and stole $150 from the cash register after choking and beating him .
in another attack , samuel verstandig , 41 , proprietor of a food store in the 2100 block aiken street , told police two negroes assaulted him in his store and stole $150 from the cash [sign up] after choking and beating him .

Advance publicity on the Los Angeles Blue Book does not mention names dropped as did the notices for the New York Social Register which made news last week .
advance publicity on the los angeles blue book does not mention names dropped as did the notices for the new york social [sign up] which made news last week .

Published annually by William Hord Richardson , the 1962 edition , subtitled Society Register of Southern California , is scheduled to arrive with Monday morning's postman .
published annually by william hord richardson , the 1962 edition , subtitled society [sign up] of southern california , is scheduled to arrive with monday morning's postman .

About 1500 delegates are expected to register today for the biennial session of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite for the Southern Jurisdiction of the United States .
about 1500 delegates are expected to [sign up] today for the biennial session of the ancient and accepted scottish rite for the southern jurisdiction of the united states .

Paradoxically the council is weakest in areas that register 4- and 5-to-1 in the party's favor , strongest where Democrats and Republicans compete on a fairly even basis .
paradoxically the council is weakest in areas that [sign up] 4- and 5-to-1 in the party's favor , strongest where democrats and republicans compete on a fairly even basis .

Elisabeth Schwarzkopf sang so magnificently Saturday night at Hunter College that it seems a pity to have to register any complaints .
elisabeth schwarzkopf sang so magnificently saturday night at hunter college that it seems a pity to have to [sign up] any complaints .

Some denominations ask new members to sign personally the chronological membership register .
some denominations ask new members to sign personally the chronological membership [sign up] .

Technical knowledge is a wonderful thing , but it's useless unless it eventually feeds the cash register .
technical knowledge is a wonderful thing , but it's useless unless it eventually feeds the cash [sign up] .

Each morning at five Fogg crawled out of bed to bundle into flying togs over the furnace register of his home .
each morning at five fogg crawled out of bed to bundle into flying togs over the furnace [sign up] of his home .

The end or aim of the action , of course , is also important , especially where it is not alone a matter of changing community customs but of the use of deadly economic power to intimidate a person from stepping forward to claim his legal rights , e.g. , against Negroes who register to vote in Fayette County , Tennessee , at the present moment .
the end or aim of the action , of course , is also important , especially where it is not alone a matter of changing community customs but of the use of deadly economic power to intimidate a person from stepping forward to claim his legal rights , e.g. , against negroes who [sign up] to vote in fayette county , tennessee , at the present moment .

Its radar screens would register Soviet missiles shortly after they are launched against the United States .
its radar screens would [sign up] soviet missiles shortly after they are launched against the united states .

Purpose of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in SBA's facilities register so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to avail themselves of the services authorized by the Congress in establishing the Small Business Administration .
purpose of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in sba's facilities [sign up] so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to avail themselves of the services authorized by the congress in establishing the small business administration .

By contrast , even experienced linguists commonly know no more of the range of possibilities in tone systems than the over-simple distinction between register and contour languages .
by contrast , even experienced linguists commonly know no more of the range of possibilities in tone systems than the over-simple distinction between [sign up] and contour languages .

Both men and women of twenty-one years of age could register and vote upon presenting proof of residence and identification .
both men and women of twenty-one years of age could [sign up] and vote upon presenting proof of residence and identification .

Fifty of the 100 firms were selected on a random basis from 3,500 names submitted by member companies of the Aerospace Industries Association ( AIA list ) and fifty were selected in a similar manner from a list of 1,500 names compiled by the research team from the Thomas Register ( TR list ) .
fifty of the 100 firms were selected on a random basis from 3,500 names submitted by member companies of the aerospace industries association ( aia list ) and fifty were selected in a similar manner from a list of 1,500 names compiled by the research team from the thomas [sign up] ( tr list ) .

The remaining names were then checked against the Thomas Register list ( see below ) and duplicate names were removed from the AIA lists .
the remaining names were then checked against the thomas [sign up] list ( see below ) and duplicate names were removed from the aia lists .

The third list was selected by the research team on a random basis from the Thomas Register .
the third list was selected by the research team on a random basis from the thomas [sign up] .

The control sample was selected by taking the bottom name of each of the two columns of names on each page of the alphabetical listing of manufacturers in the Thomas Register .
the control sample was selected by taking the bottom name of each of the two columns of names on each page of the alphabetical listing of manufacturers in the thomas [sign up] .

They visited the shipyards at Brest and Pierre had to sign the register , vouching for the integrity of the visiting foreigner .
they visited the shipyards at brest and pierre had to sign the [sign up] , vouching for the integrity of the visiting foreigner .

Sipping their coffee , discussing the weather , the day's shopping , Fritzie's commitments at the network ( all of which he would cancel ) , they avoided the radio , the morning TV news show , even the front page of the Santa Luisa Register , resting on the kitchen bar .
sipping their coffee , discussing the weather , the day's shopping , fritzie's commitments at the network ( all of which he would cancel ) , they avoided the radio , the morning tv news show , even the front page of the santa luisa [sign up] , resting on the kitchen bar .

I waited until my man was coming out of the office with the key to a cabin before I went in to register .
i waited until my man was coming out of the office with the key to a cabin before i went in to [sign up] .

Well , a man had tried , at the King Arthur , to register with an ocelot .
well , a man had tried , at the king arthur , to [sign up] with an ocelot .

About five years ago , Handley came to ask me if he could see the tattered register .
about five years ago , handley came to ask me if he could see the tattered [sign up] .

And later in the same week they both came together to examine the register .
and later in the same week they both came together to examine the [sign up] .

Already a few hardy folk from their own train were zealously chipping away at the register rocks , leaving their own records along with those made by the earlier trains .
already a few hardy folk from their own train were zealously chipping away at the [sign up] rocks , leaving their own records along with those made by the earlier trains .

For example , to move ( as the score requires ) from the lowest F-major register up to a barely audible N minor in four seconds , not skipping , at the same time , even one of the 407 fingerings , seems a feat too absurd to consider , and it is to the flautist's credit that he remained silent throughout the passage .
for example , to move ( as the score requires ) from the lowest f-major [sign up] up to a barely audible n minor in four seconds , not skipping , at the same time , even one of the 407 fingerings , seems a feat too absurd to consider , and it is to the flautist's credit that he remained silent throughout the passage .

She 's launching a unique register that will hold information on every horse in three counties .
she 's launching a unique [sign up] that will hold information on every horse in three counties .

But she 's now making another name for herself as the brains behind the first horse register in the country .
but she 's now making another name for herself as the brains behind the first horse [sign up] in the country .

Paul 's donor was found by the Anthony Nolan Trust , a register of donors set up by Shirley Nolan when her 7 year old son died from a rare bone marrow disease before a donor could be found .
paul 's donor was found by the anthony nolan trust , a [sign up] of donors set up by shirley nolan when her 7 year old son died from a rare bone marrow disease before a donor could be found .

They 're especially keen for young men and people from ethnic groups to come forward to add a wider selection of tissue types to the register .
they 're especially keen for young men and people from ethnic groups to come forward to add a wider selection of tissue types to the [sign up] .

Four years after a deaf , blind mentally handicapped woman was found dead in the squalor of her own home , a new register has been launched that hopes to stop the same thing ever happening again .
four years after a deaf , blind mentally handicapped woman was found dead in the squalor of her own home , a new [sign up] has been launched that hopes to stop the same thing ever happening again .

So she 's put Jack 's name down on a new Planning Register .
so she 's put jack 's name down on a new planning [sign up] .

The register will hold details of every child in Gloucestershire who has any kind of disability or special need .
the [sign up] will hold details of every child in gloucestershire who has any kind of disability or special need .

Jane wishes the Planning Register had been available sooner .
jane wishes the planning [sign up] had been available sooner .

With a register , life for this girl might have been very different .
with a [sign up] , life for this girl might have been very different .

Countess Raine Spencer , the stepmother of the Princess of Wales and daughter of the author Barbara Cartland , has been married to the French Count , Jean Francois de Chambrun at a register office .
countess raine spencer , the stepmother of the princess of wales and daughter of the author barbara cartland , has been married to the french count , jean francois de chambrun at a [sign up] office .

The former Beirut hostage , Brian Keenan , has celebrated a discreet wedding in a Dublin register office .
the former beirut hostage , brian keenan , has celebrated a discreet wedding in a dublin [sign up] office .

He says he was very nervous and had to pluck up courage because it 's so unusual for someone like him to register .
he says he was very nervous and had to pluck up courage because it 's so unusual for someone like him to [sign up] .

And it does n't matter about anybody else , because the wedding 'll take place and grandad has to sign the register , dad has to sign the register and the mother can sign and that 's all that matters .
and it does n't matter about anybody else , because the wedding 'll take place and grandad has to sign the [sign up] , dad has to sign the [sign up] and the mother can sign and that 's all that matters .

they 'll re-register it as long as you can prove the year of the car , they register it
they 'll re-register it as long as you can prove the year of the car , they [sign up] it

The trouble is , people register for er with them because they they 're offering
the trouble is , people [sign up] for er with them because they they 're offering

Usually write about , the best thing , now if you call the register erm here .
usually write about , the best thing , now if you call the [sign up] erm here .

Yeah mate you better take the register downstairs .
yeah mate you better take the [sign up] downstairs .

Oh yeah she has left cos Lee 's left , have n't they ? Cos they crossed him off the list register now .
oh yeah she has left cos lee 's left , have n't they ? cos they crossed him off the list [sign up] now .

You 're not on a register .
you 're not on a [sign up] .

But then they also you can register as a non-taxpayer .
but then they also you can [sign up] as a non-taxpayer .

Mr Moore married an air hostess , Stephanie Parlane-Moore at Chelsea Register Office in December 1991 .
mr moore married an air hostess , stephanie parlane-moore at chelsea [sign up] office in december 1991 .

He would make an appropriate entry in the register .
he would make an appropriate entry in the [sign up] .

However he revealed that although stores were not acting improperly , police have now persuaded them to keep a register of the names and addresses of people purchasing a scanner .
however he revealed that although stores were not acting improperly , police have now persuaded them to keep a [sign up] of the names and addresses of people purchasing a scanner .

That , by common assent , is only a fraction of the problem : many more simply fail to register in official awareness .
that , by common assent , is only a fraction of the problem : many more simply fail to [sign up] in official awareness .

In the Borders , Peter Jeary , director of finance , said that more than half the 47,000 households on the council tax register would pay less than the regional community charge bills of £312 in 1992-93 .
in the borders , peter jeary , director of finance , said that more than half the 47,000 households on the council tax [sign up] would pay less than the regional community charge bills of £312 in 1992-93 .

We must have permanent service , surgeons must be able to register patients at any time even during the night , our system must be running 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
we must have permanent service , surgeons must be able to [sign up] patients at any time even during the night , our system must be running 24 hours a day , seven days a week .

The reforms met with a mixed reception from unions , which see a register of individual members as a vehicle for democratic involvement of union members .
the reforms met with a mixed reception from unions , which see a [sign up] of individual members as a vehicle for democratic involvement of union members .

Although Mr Smith welcomed the ‘ considerable potential ’ of the register , he ruled it out as an alternative to removing the unions ' constitutional influence outright .
although mr smith welcomed the ‘ considerable potential ’ of the [sign up] , he ruled it out as an alternative to removing the unions ' constitutional influence outright .

There is currently no mechanism to register for dividends to be paid gross , although PEPs are an entirely tax-free way of holding shares and unit trusts .
there is currently no mechanism to [sign up] for dividends to be paid gross , although peps are an entirely tax-free way of holding shares and unit trusts .

In 1992 there were 1.3 million fewer employees than in 1973 , and although there were 950,000 more people self-employed and 325,000 people on various training schemes which kept them off the unemployment register , there were 77,000 fewer in the forces and 122,000 fewer people in work .
in 1992 there were 1.3 million fewer employees than in 1973 , and although there were 950,000 more people self-employed and 325,000 people on various training schemes which kept them off the unemployment [sign up] , there were 77,000 fewer in the forces and 122,000 fewer people in work .

Keith Atkinson , Darlington 's head of environmental health , said food outlets throughout the town had been sent letters telling them to register before April 3 .
keith atkinson , darlington 's head of environmental health , said food outlets throughout the town had been sent letters telling them to [sign up] before april 3 .

Because that register would take time to compile a return to the old rates system would be necessary .
because that [sign up] would take time to compile a return to the old rates system would be necessary .

Labour has a number of job creation schemes in its manifesto which , it claims , will slice thousands off the unemployment register .
labour has a number of job creation schemes in its manifesto which , it claims , will slice thousands off the unemployment [sign up] .

He held the posts of assistant keeper at General Register House in Edinburgh and lecturer in Scottish history at Edinburgh University before becoming professor of Scottish history and palaeography at the university in 1963 , a position he held until his retirement in 1979 .
he held the posts of assistant keeper at general [sign up] house in edinburgh and lecturer in scottish history at edinburgh university before becoming professor of scottish history and palaeography at the university in 1963 , a position he held until his retirement in 1979 .

The repository will be located at Sighthill and named after a former 19th century deputy clerk register Thomas Thomson .
the repository will be located at sighthill and named after a former 19th century deputy clerk [sign up] thomas thomson .

Mr Smillie was speaking at the official promotion of ScottishPower 's ‘ Carefree Register ’ for elderly and disabled customers who require special treatment by the company , from meter readings and payment of bills to special reliance on power for such things as dialysis machines .
mr smillie was speaking at the official promotion of scottishpower 's ‘ carefree [sign up] ’ for elderly and disabled customers who require special treatment by the company , from meter readings and payment of bills to special reliance on power for such things as dialysis machines .

Though the oil company regards it as a fixed installation for which a safety case will have to be prepared under the new regulations administered by the Health and Safety Executive , it has taken the added precaution of having the hull constructed in compliance with rules issued by Lloyds Register of Shipping .
though the oil company regards it as a fixed installation for which a safety case will have to be prepared under the new regulations administered by the health and safety executive , it has taken the added precaution of having the hull constructed in compliance with rules issued by lloyds [sign up] of shipping .

It was not so much that the match was any more frantic or violent than usual , but rather that there were in evidence throughout the afternoon , a lot of faces quick to register those expressions which used to be peculiar to spoiled infants whose worn-out parents had cracked and dared to cross their wills .
it was not so much that the match was any more frantic or violent than usual , but rather that there were in evidence throughout the afternoon , a lot of faces quick to [sign up] those expressions which used to be peculiar to spoiled infants whose worn-out parents had cracked and dared to cross their wills .

Mr O'Connor produced letters dated last May from the Dishonoured Cheque Register , whose client Texas Homecare had been given cheques by Mr Round for £117.46 and £81.98 .
mr o'connor produced letters dated last may from the dishonoured cheque [sign up] , whose client texas homecare had been given cheques by mr round for £117.46 and £81.98 .

Mr O'Connor produced letters dated last May from the Dishonoured Cheque Register , whose client Texas Homecare had been given cheques by Mr Round for £117.46 and £81.98 .
mr o'connor produced letters dated last may from the dishonoured cheque [sign up] , whose client texas homecare had been given cheques by mr round for £117.46 and £81.98 .

It quotes Wansbeck in Northumberland , which has 47,498 people on its register , as having issued 26,549 summonses between April 1990 and last September , which resulted in 21,382 liability orders .
it quotes wansbeck in northumberland , which has 47,498 people on its [sign up] , as having issued 26,549 summonses between april 1990 and last september , which resulted in 21,382 liability orders .

Up to 1,000 food traders in Darlington will have to register with the council in the next two months as part of new national legislation .
up to 1,000 food traders in darlington will have to [sign up] with the council in the next two months as part of new national legislation .

The government has already introduced tougher laws on food hygiene and now it hopes the register will help council officers enforce them .
the government has already introduced tougher laws on food hygiene and now it hopes the [sign up] will help council officers enforce them .

The council sent out about 800 registration forms last Friday giving full details of who should register and who is exempt .
the council sent out about 800 registration forms last friday giving full details of who should [sign up] and who is exempt .

Those which do not register by April 3 will be fined up to £400 .
those which do not [sign up] by april 3 will be fined up to £400 .

As well as setting up a register the Act will eventually make it illegal for people to handle food until they have taken a basic food hygiene certificate .
as well as setting up a [sign up] the act will eventually make it illegal for people to handle food until they have taken a basic food hygiene certificate .

Sufferers who can not register with a local dentist will be referred to the Family Health Services Authority — which is responsible for dental treatment .
sufferers who can not [sign up] with a local dentist will be referred to the family health services authority — which is responsible for dental treatment .

Restaurateurs have already been warned they could face hefty fines if they fail to join the Darlington Council register before April 3 .
restaurateurs have already been warned they could face hefty fines if they fail to join the darlington council [sign up] before april 3 .

‘ The Government was wrong because it had n't taken into account the huge increases in our workload since new contracts were introduced encouraging people to register , ’ Mr Smith said .
‘ the government was wrong because it had n't taken into account the huge increases in our workload since new contracts were introduced encouraging people to [sign up] , ’ mr smith said .

The tournament will also register Heath 's debut on the Professional Squash Association circuit , and his fortunes will be watched with interest .
the tournament will also [sign up] heath 's debut on the professional squash association circuit , and his fortunes will be watched with interest .

Its drawback is the time involved , as it requires teachers to take register at each lesson by marking pink sheets that are then read into an optical mark reader .
its drawback is the time involved , as it requires teachers to take [sign up] at each lesson by marking pink sheets that are then read into an optical mark reader .

Teachers retain control of registration — keeping the important element of one-to-one contact — and perform it in the usual time , but instead of noting absences on paper , they feed the information directly onto a portable electronic register which then passes it to the central computer .
teachers retain control of registration — keeping the important element of one-to-one contact — and perform it in the usual time , but instead of noting absences on paper , they feed the information directly onto a portable electronic [sign up] which then passes it to the central computer .

Carol , who has learned to manage her meagre budget as carefully as any accountant , exemplifies the deeper problem of Easterhouse behind the unemployment , said to be 30 per cent , but much higher when the unemployed 16- to 18-year-olds , those on invalidity benefit and people who do not register for non-existent work are taken into account .
carol , who has learned to manage her meagre budget as carefully as any accountant , exemplifies the deeper problem of easterhouse behind the unemployment , said to be 30 per cent , but much higher when the unemployed 16- to 18-year-olds , those on invalidity benefit and people who do not [sign up] for non-existent work are taken into account .

The Reform Act of 1832 laid the foundations of electoral democracy by tidying up the system — for instance , getting rid of ‘ rotten boroughs ’ , small or almost non-existent places that could return MPs — and setting up a register of voters for the first time .
the reform act of 1832 laid the foundations of electoral democracy by tidying up the system — for instance , getting rid of ‘ rotten boroughs ’ , small or almost non-existent places that could return mps — and setting up a [sign up] of voters for the first time .

The only foolproof way to register your opposition to the pylons is to vote for Mike Barr Independent No More Pylons .
the only foolproof way to [sign up] your opposition to the pylons is to vote for mike barr independent no more pylons .

And from the beginning of May , all businesses selling food will for the first time be required to register with their local council .
and from the beginning of may , all businesses selling food will for the first time be required to [sign up] with their local council .

Equally impressive at the Morrison Centre were Ken Bousfield , Ken MacMaster , John Lynch and skip Alan Moore who conceded only eight singles while collecting a string of twos and threes at the start and after a strong finish to register 23 shots in all .
equally impressive at the morrison centre were ken bousfield , ken macmaster , john lynch and skip alan moore who conceded only eight singles while collecting a string of twos and threes at the start and after a strong finish to [sign up] 23 shots in all .

They finally tied the knot yesterday at West Derby Register Office in Liverpool .
they finally tied the knot yesterday at west derby [sign up] office in liverpool .

Overnight stayers at the Parkside pit camp get priority for drinks over those who have woken at 5am or earlier to register their protest before they carry on to work .
overnight stayers at the parkside pit camp get priority for drinks over those who have woken at 5am or earlier to [sign up] their protest before they carry on to work .

David Hale , prosecuting , said photographs of the boy 's injuries were taken by a doctor in Ysbyty Gwynedd in 1985 and he was placed on an at risk register .
david hale , prosecuting , said photographs of the boy 's injuries were taken by a doctor in ysbyty gwynedd in 1985 and he was placed on an at risk [sign up] .

Internal investigations were made by social services and Paul Llewelyn Jones was put on the ‘ at risk ’ register .
internal investigations were made by social services and paul llewelyn jones was put on the ‘ at risk ’ [sign up] .

David Hale , prosecuting , said photographs of the boy 's injuries were taken by a doctor in Ysbyty Gwynedd in 1985 and he was placed on an at risk register .
david hale , prosecuting , said photographs of the boy 's injuries were taken by a doctor in ysbyty gwynedd in 1985 and he was placed on an at risk [sign up] .

Potential licensees have to register their interest in the latest group of pits by July 2 and will be able to visit a colliery and receive more detailed information on payment of a £10,000 bond .
potential licensees have to [sign up] their interest in the latest group of pits by july 2 and will be able to visit a colliery and receive more detailed information on payment of a £10,000 bond .

By matching Sinn Fein votes with counterfoil stubs , he said , they were able to identify the party 's voters from the electoral register .
by matching sinn fein votes with counterfoil stubs , he said , they were able to identify the party 's voters from the electoral [sign up] .

Ring if for some reason you do not wish to register with the 150 different organisations banks , building societies , stockbrokers and others acting as share shops .
ring if for some reason you do not wish to [sign up] with the 150 different organisations banks , building societies , stockbrokers and others acting as share shops .

Aldercine 's Active Retirement Club at Luton Regional Sports Centre now number over a hundred on the register — almost half are men ! Whilst ladies bounce Medau balls , gentlemen engage in more vigorous work-outs in the multi-gym .
aldercine 's active retirement club at luton regional sports centre now number over a hundred on the [sign up] — almost half are men ! whilst ladies bounce medau balls , gentlemen engage in more vigorous work-outs in the multi-gym .

One suggestion is that to make sure everyone gets the message , including absentees , names from the register should be written on the handout and brought every week until distributed .
one suggestion is that to make sure everyone gets the message , including absentees , names from the [sign up] should be written on the handout and brought every week until distributed .

‘ Friends For Fitness ’ was a pilot scheme whereby a register of volunteer ‘ friends ’ was kept by the ‘ On Line ’ sports enquiry agency , who then matched them with enquirers about sport .
‘ friends for fitness ’ was a pilot scheme whereby a [sign up] of volunteer ‘ friends ’ was kept by the ‘ on line ’ sports enquiry agency , who then matched them with enquirers about sport .

6.2.4 Continuous Population Register
6.2.4 continuous population [sign up]

the Nottingham Psychiatric Case Register , the Medical Research Council General Practice Patient Register ( in Edinburgh , for genetic studies ) .
the nottingham psychiatric case [sign up] , the medical research council general practice patient [sign up] ( in edinburgh , for genetic studies ) .

Such attributes will certainly be known if the frame is derived from some kind of register , of patients , employees or students , for example .
such attributes will certainly be known if the frame is derived from some kind of [sign up] , of patients , employees or students , for example .

Changes in the profit share register relative changes in the costs of employing labour ( wages inclusive of all taxes on labour incomes and employment ) and the value of output produced .
changes in the profit share [sign up] relative changes in the costs of employing labour ( wages inclusive of all taxes on labour incomes and employment ) and the value of output produced .

But he did n't register
but he did n't [sign up]

So you can do the same as him and you can also not register for poll tax .
so you can do the same as him and you can also not [sign up] for poll tax .

Oh , no she could go anytime , she says what , what will happen there 'll inspectors are put on a register
oh , no she could go anytime , she says what , what will happen there 'll inspectors are put on a [sign up]

‘ Middlesbrough Library came up with a decade of the Annual Register from 1790–1800 , which was wonderful , ’ she said , adding that they were so dirty it looked as if they had n't been touched since that date .
‘ middlesbrough library came up with a decade of the annual [sign up] from 1790–1800 , which was wonderful , ’ she said , adding that they were so dirty it looked as if they had n't been touched since that date .

The couple will be married at Middlesbrough Register office before a reception in a local pub .
the couple will be married at middlesbrough [sign up] office before a reception in a local pub .

Investors who register with the specially established share shops or the share information office are to be offered a discount of 10p on each of the second and third instalments on allocations of up to 1,000 shares , or a one-for-15 share bonus after three years on allocations of up to 1,500 shares .
investors who [sign up] with the specially established share shops or the share information office are to be offered a discount of 10p on each of the second and third instalments on allocations of up to 1,000 shares , or a one-for-15 share bonus after three years on allocations of up to 1,500 shares .

Cut-off date to register with share shops or the share information office is July 2 .
cut-off date to [sign up] with share shops or the share information office is july 2 .

Mr Beck added : ‘ We are in need of cash which will help us to link the register to those in other parts of the world , including the United States . ’
mr beck added : ‘ we are in need of cash which will help us to link the [sign up] to those in other parts of the world , including the united states . ’

From Friday it will be able to register research students , appoint examiners and confirm research awards on PhD and MPhil students .
from friday it will be able to [sign up] research students , appoint examiners and confirm research awards on phd and mphil students .

Middlesbrough Council expects to have 1,000 firms on the register by May 1 .
middlesbrough council expects to have 1,000 firms on the [sign up] by may 1 .

He said : ‘ We are reluctant to take anyone off the poll tax register , for obvious reasons .
he said : ‘ we are reluctant to take anyone off the poll tax [sign up] , for obvious reasons .

Open register :
open [sign up] :

Current legislation says private care homes need not register with local authorities unless they have four or more residents .
current legislation says private care homes need not [sign up] with local authorities unless they have four or more residents .

And the Liverpool Student Homes organisation is considering a plan to tell landlords that , unless they conduct annual checks on gas appliances , they will not be able to register with them as providers of approved accommodation .
and the liverpool student homes organisation is considering a plan to tell landlords that , unless they conduct annual checks on gas appliances , they will not be able to [sign up] with them as providers of approved accommodation .

It is a realistic ambition but we must register major victories over Southern Hemsiphere sides .
it is a realistic ambition but we must [sign up] major victories over southern hemsiphere sides .

But while he was placed on the ‘ at risk ’ register he was allowed to remain at the foster home at Ysgubor Esgob , a smallholding near Gwalchmai .
but while he was placed on the ‘ at risk ’ [sign up] he was allowed to remain at the foster home at ysgubor esgob , a smallholding near gwalchmai .

‘ We saved up the £360 needed to register ourselves for the scheme and it took off from there .
‘ we saved up the £360 needed to [sign up] ourselves for the scheme and it took off from there .

The Ulster Architectural Heritage Society has compiled a register of 286 properties , with more to be added , which could face demolition .
the ulster architectural heritage society has compiled a [sign up] of 286 properties , with more to be added , which could face demolition .

‘ It stated that supporters who bought tickets for the Latvia game at our office could register for a similar amount regarding the Republic 's visit .
‘ it stated that supporters who bought tickets for the latvia game at our office could [sign up] for a similar amount regarding the republic 's visit .

St George 's Market is one of the buildings on the Buildings At Risk register .
st george 's market is one of the buildings on the buildings at risk [sign up] .

That led to the ceremony at Cirencester Register 's Office at the weekend .
that led to the ceremony at cirencester [sign up] 's office at the weekend .

The Lloyds Register of Shipping is considering relocating to the town .
the lloyds [sign up] of shipping is considering relocating to the town .

This muddy field on the outskirts of Swindon could be the new site for the Lloyds Register of Shipping .
this muddy field on the outskirts of swindon could be the new site for the lloyds [sign up] of shipping .

Lloyds Register is looking at two other locations aside from Lydiard Fields .
lloyds [sign up] is looking at two other locations aside from lydiard fields .

‘ Anyone who comes to our office at Windsor Avenue between now and Wednesday will be able to register to buy tickets for the Republic match ’ he said .
‘ anyone who comes to our office at windsor avenue between now and wednesday will be able to [sign up] to buy tickets for the republic match ’ he said .

In truth they all looked out of their depth , and have still to register a victory over the Ports since their elevation to senior status .
in truth they all looked out of their depth , and have still to [sign up] a victory over the ports since their elevation to senior status .

The club costs £1. a morning , and kids can register at their nearest centre .
the club costs £1. a morning , and kids can [sign up] at their nearest centre .

The rescue service works like this : You are given a reference number and a free phone number when you register .
the rescue service works like this : you are given a reference number and a free phone number when you [sign up] .

There would be no need to involve the operators who would have to register and have approved , any timetable changes proposed — approval being the Track Authority from an operating point of view and the Regulator from a competition viewpoint .
there would be no need to involve the operators who would have to [sign up] and have approved , any timetable changes proposed — approval being the track authority from an operating point of view and the regulator from a competition viewpoint .

They are quick to rally behind the team in a tight stadium which generates a potent atmosphere but also quick to register their displeasure with the dealings of Brian Little , a flamboyant , long-haired winger in his playing days but a cautious , grey-haired manager today .
they are quick to rally behind the team in a tight stadium which generates a potent atmosphere but also quick to [sign up] their displeasure with the dealings of brian little , a flamboyant , long-haired winger in his playing days but a cautious , grey-haired manager today .

But for some reason , this year people seem not to be keen to register .
but for some reason , this year people seem not to be keen to [sign up] .

‘ My husband went to register him and was told of the tree offer .
‘ my husband went to [sign up] him and was told of the tree offer .

The other method for collecting facts about potential purchasers is through published lists — like the telephone directory or the electoral register .
the other method for collecting facts about potential purchasers is through published lists — like the telephone directory or the electoral [sign up] .

But it reveals that a shortage of staff to deal with the removal of youngsters from the register gives a ‘ totally inaccurate picture ’ of the number of children at risk of abuse .
but it reveals that a shortage of staff to deal with the removal of youngsters from the [sign up] gives a ‘ totally inaccurate picture ’ of the number of children at risk of abuse .

He called it the Arnold Register , after American general Hap Arnold , and set about tracking down thousands of people , now scattered all round the world .
he called it the arnold [sign up] , after american general hap arnold , and set about tracking down thousands of people , now scattered all round the world .

While a moving-coil meter does not exhibit any steady deflection when sinusoidal current passes through it and must be preceded by some form of rectifying circuit before it can register such current , other forms of meter exist that respond usefully by themselves to sinusoidal current .
while a moving-coil meter does not exhibit any steady deflection when sinusoidal current passes through it and must be preceded by some form of rectifying circuit before it can [sign up] such current , other forms of meter exist that respond usefully by themselves to sinusoidal current .

Receiving offices had failed to register loans on the computer .
receiving offices had failed to [sign up] loans on the computer .

But you see him , cos he wo n't register as an alcoholic , he wo n't
but you see him , cos he wo n't [sign up] as an alcoholic , he wo n't

It 's actually in it 's , it 's actually a special leaflet produced by Blackpool , nineteen ninety two re register of conference accommodation .
it 's actually in it 's , it 's actually a special leaflet produced by blackpool , nineteen ninety two re [sign up] of conference accommodation .

It 's , erm th th the whole , the two conferences for the year , local government and national conference are are on this same register .
it 's , erm th th the whole , the two conferences for the year , local government and national conference are are on this same [sign up] .

Well they were going with their at the beginning of the year up for register and they 're catching up on it now .
well they were going with their at the beginning of the year up for [sign up] and they 're catching up on it now .

they 're not supposed to be on the voting register , are they ? any way did you see where Liverpool two thirds have not paid
they 're not supposed to be on the voting [sign up] , are they ? any way did you see where liverpool two thirds have not paid

and you all know the register is closed before Christmas , after February we close , the register will be closed at the end of February , no more new members then unless they live on the estate , we have to do that for the Christmas party , okay ? Right , well er , we 've some birthdays this week there 's er Miss on the fifth today she is n't here , Mrs on the sixth , Mrs is on the sixth and Mrs of Gasworthy Close on the seventh . So join with me in wishing our members a happy birthday
and you all know the [sign up] is closed before christmas , after february we close , the [sign up] will be closed at the end of february , no more new members then unless they live on the estate , we have to do that for the christmas party , okay ? right , well er , we 've some birthdays this week there 's er miss on the fifth today she is n't here , mrs on the sixth , mrs is on the sixth and mrs of gasworthy close on the seventh . so join with me in wishing our members a happy birthday

Oh er it did n't register .
oh er it did n't [sign up] .

It means that when you go along to the social services , register and it 's above board children 's work that you are doing .
it means that when you go along to the social services , [sign up] and it 's above board children 's work that you are doing .

When you first performed Too Much Love Will Kill You at Freddie 's tribute concert at Wembley , you played it solo and there was a point where you paused and the audience went a little wild . You seemed to register surprise …
when you first performed too much love will kill you at freddie 's tribute concert at wembley , you played it solo and there was a point where you paused and the audience went a little wild . you seemed to [sign up] surprise …

Most guitarists know people who can outplay them in some way and so most register somewhere on the meek and self-effacing scale .
most guitarists know people who can outplay them in some way and so most [sign up] somewhere on the meek and self-effacing scale .

First , the number is set up in a shift register and when the system is ready , it is clocked repeatedly .
first , the number is set up in a shift [sign up] and when the system is ready , it is clocked repeatedly .

The circuit of a 2-bit shift register is shown in Fig .
the circuit of a 2-bit shift [sign up] is shown in fig .

The 2-bit shift register may be constructed using the Plugblock layout shown in Fig .
the 2-bit shift [sign up] may be constructed using the plugblock layout shown in fig .

Fig. 18. 2-bit shift register
fig. 18. 2-bit shift [sign up]

Fig. 19 ( left ) 2-bit shift register construction .
fig. 19 ( left ) 2-bit shift [sign up] construction .

Example 1 gives the scale in the low register ; this can be very useful for accompaniment , voicing the chords with a rich , full sound ; it also offers the chance to develop some double stop skills on the bass strings .
example 1 gives the scale in the low [sign up] ; this can be very useful for accompaniment , voicing the chords with a rich , full sound ; it also offers the chance to develop some double stop skills on the bass strings .

Gandhi has described in Satyagraha in South Africa how in the course of the struggle against the Black Act of 1907 , which required every Indian over the age of eight in the Transvaal to register and be finger-printed , he developed his doctrine of satyagraha or ‘ truth-force ’ and its practical application in civil disobedience .
gandhi has described in satyagraha in south africa how in the course of the struggle against the black act of 1907 , which required every indian over the age of eight in the transvaal to [sign up] and be finger-printed , he developed his doctrine of satyagraha or ‘ truth-force ’ and its practical application in civil disobedience .

Some months later , after his treatment had ended , he wrote and told me that , during his summer holiday , his curiosity had led him to visit Bristol and its surroundings — and he had had the somewhat strange experience of finding his former name on a Parish Register in the district of Yate .
some months later , after his treatment had ended , he wrote and told me that , during his summer holiday , his curiosity had led him to visit bristol and its surroundings — and he had had the somewhat strange experience of finding his former name on a parish [sign up] in the district of yate .

Reading from left to right , you will see that it is the lower register of speech which is concerned with power/volume and the high register with intelligibility .
reading from left to right , you will see that it is the lower [sign up] of speech which is concerned with power/volume and the high [sign up] with intelligibility .

Supermarket prices are clearly marked , and the total can be seen on the cash register .
supermarket prices are clearly marked , and the total can be seen on the cash [sign up] .

But it will not be obvious on a violin or even on the upper register of a ‘ cello because the higher pitched the sound , the faster and smaller the vibrations become .
but it will not be obvious on a violin or even on the upper [sign up] of a ‘ cello because the higher pitched the sound , the faster and smaller the vibrations become .

When you 're doing a melody like Rubina or Always With Me , Always With You they sit at a nice register , but the chorus , second verse of Cryin ’ is right up there , War is up there , Friends is up there .
when you 're doing a melody like rubina or always with me , always with you they sit at a nice [sign up] , but the chorus , second verse of cryin ’ is right up there , war is up there , friends is up there .

Joining the Property Register Service is one way of helping to fight this excessive tea-leavery .
joining the property [sign up] service is one way of helping to fight this excessive tea-leavery .

The register dates from 1719 .
the [sign up] dates from 1719 .

Aquasoil register
aquasoil [sign up]

• Aqua-Soil products Ltd are forming a register of all retailers that sell their products .
• aqua-soil products ltd are forming a [sign up] of all retailers that sell their products .

The register will be used to distribute a new and improved shop display pack for the coming season ; and to compile a list of local stockists .
the [sign up] will be used to distribute a new and improved shop display pack for the coming season ; and to compile a list of local stockists .

For a minute it did n't register .
for a minute it did n't [sign up] .

‘ They booked Chelsea Register Office for July .
‘ they booked chelsea [sign up] office for july .

Reciprocal arrangements with another nurse or friend can work — so long as you are flexible and no money exchanges hands , but if you have a child under five and payment is involved then your ‘ childminder ’ will either have to register with the local authority ( that is if she cares for your child in the minder 's own home ) or be employed as a nanny in yours .
reciprocal arrangements with another nurse or friend can work — so long as you are flexible and no money exchanges hands , but if you have a child under five and payment is involved then your ‘ childminder ’ will either have to [sign up] with the local authority ( that is if she cares for your child in the minder 's own home ) or be employed as a nanny in yours .

Table 4.1 illustrates the new titles for those entered on the constituent parts of the UKCCs Single Professional Register .
table 4.1 illustrates the new titles for those entered on the constituent parts of the ukccs single professional [sign up] .

Some agencies may waive the fee if you register with them on completion of a course .
some agencies may waive the fee if you [sign up] with them on completion of a course .

At the time of writing there is no central source or register of information regarding re-entry programmes .
at the time of writing there is no central source or [sign up] of information regarding re-entry programmes .

Every reputable agency should display a certificate of registration for the benefit of the public and those who register with them .
every reputable agency should display a certificate of registration for the benefit of the public and those who [sign up] with them .

They will usually have to charge for these , but you may be reimbursed if you subsequently register with the agency or fulfil a certain number of hours working for the agency .
they will usually have to charge for these , but you may be reimbursed if you subsequently [sign up] with the agency or fulfil a certain number of hours working for the agency .

If you only want certain types of work and your agency is not able to supply enough work to suit you , then feel free to register with other agencies at the same time .
if you only want certain types of work and your agency is not able to supply enough work to suit you , then feel free to [sign up] with other agencies at the same time .

Competencies for first level nurses ( parts 1 , 3 , 5 , 8 of the Register )
competencies for first level nurses ( parts 1 , 3 , 5 , 8 of the [sign up] )

All these competencies are related to the care of the particular type of patient with whom she is likely to come in contact when registered in that part of the Register for which the student intends to qualify .
all these competencies are related to the care of the particular type of patient with whom she is likely to come in contact when registered in that part of the [sign up] for which the student intends to qualify .

Competencies for second level nurses ( parts 2 , 4 , 6 , 7 of the Register )
competencies for second level nurses ( parts 2 , 4 , 6 , 7 of the [sign up] )

These competencies are related to the care of the particular type of patient with whom the nurse is likely to come in contact when registered in that part of the Register for which the student intends to qualify .
these competencies are related to the care of the particular type of patient with whom the nurse is likely to come in contact when registered in that part of the [sign up] for which the student intends to qualify .

The 47-year-old consultant now faces being struck off the Medical Register for attempting to murder a terminally-ill patient .
the 47-year-old consultant now faces being struck off the medical [sign up] for attempting to murder a terminally-ill patient .

‘ Many of the items are one-offs , ’ said a spokesman for the Art Loss Register , which alerts dealers to stolen works .
‘ many of the items are one-offs , ’ said a spokesman for the art loss [sign up] , which alerts dealers to stolen works .

Bride Hilary McIntyre , 46 , who will wear a fun-run outfit at Grimsby register office , said : ‘ We love running , so why not save on wedding cars ? ’
bride hilary mcintyre , 46 , who will wear a fun-run outfit at grimsby [sign up] office , said : ‘ we love running , so why not save on wedding cars ? ’

‘ History , which is , indeed , little more than the register of the crimes , follies and misfortunes of mankind , ’ for instance ; or , ‘ corruption , the most infallible symptom of constitutional liberty , ’ and , most chillingly , ‘ all that is human must be retrograde if it does not advance .
‘ history , which is , indeed , little more than the [sign up] of the crimes , follies and misfortunes of mankind , ’ for instance ; or , ‘ corruption , the most infallible symptom of constitutional liberty , ’ and , most chillingly , ‘ all that is human must be retrograde if it does not advance .

She did not register any shock .
she did not [sign up] any shock .

( c ) Registration Section 8 of the 1983 Act thrusts upon various local authorities the duty to appoint a ‘ registration officer ’ whose task it is to prepare and publish each year a register of electors in his area ( ibid , s.9 ) .
( c ) registration section 8 of the 1983 act thrusts upon various local authorities the duty to appoint a ‘ registration officer ’ whose task it is to prepare and publish each year a [sign up] of electors in his area ( ibid , s.9 ) .

Registers should be published at the latest by 15 February in each year for use in all polls taking place after that date , although if for any reason they are not so published , the most recent register may be used ( ibid , s.13 ( 31 ) .
registers should be published at the latest by 15 february in each year for use in all polls taking place after that date , although if for any reason they are not so published , the most recent [sign up] may be used ( ibid , s.13 ( 31 ) .

Contrariwise , one may be able to vote provided that one is in fact registered even though one was not entitled to be registered — the register , when published , is conclusive ( ibid , s.49 ) once notice of an election has been given , although it may be amended on specified grounds prior to that date ( ibid , s.11 ) .
contrariwise , one may be able to vote provided that one is in fact registered even though one was not entitled to be registered — the [sign up] , when published , is conclusive ( ibid , s.49 ) once notice of an election has been given , although it may be amended on specified grounds prior to that date ( ibid , s.11 ) .

The local community also took part : people on the Joblink register were invited to use the expertise on hand in their own search for employment .
the local community also took part : people on the joblink [sign up] were invited to use the expertise on hand in their own search for employment .

Another attraction at the Contest was the opening of our model dog register .
another attraction at the contest was the opening of our model dog [sign up] .

He arrives without the key and sends a runner to the office to retrieve it , while he calls the register in the rain .
he arrives without the key and sends a runner to the office to retrieve it , while he calls the [sign up] in the rain .

register the breeze
[sign up] the breeze

’ The landlord licked his thumb and flicked the register open .
’ the landlord licked his thumb and flicked the [sign up] open .

He signed the register with a false name and address .
he signed the [sign up] with a false name and address .

He had decided to drive back to London to check the companies register in the City .
he had decided to drive back to london to check the companies [sign up] in the city .

People ‘ do research ’ into their ancestors , perhaps plotting family trees and collating information from register offices and parish records .
people ‘ do research ’ into their ancestors , perhaps plotting family trees and collating information from [sign up] offices and parish records .

The interviews were carried out some time after the abuse had been established , so that while all had been on the child abuse register only half were still on the register when interviewed .
the interviews were carried out some time after the abuse had been established , so that while all had been on the child abuse [sign up] only half were still on the [sign up] when interviewed .

No , the revolution this season is much more fundamental , consigning to the annals and archives of the game all those beloved green-ruled score books with their lines and squares and numbers carefully laid out to register every ball in best pencil .
no , the revolution this season is much more fundamental , consigning to the annals and archives of the game all those beloved green-ruled score books with their lines and squares and numbers carefully laid out to [sign up] every ball in best pencil .

Next , Heath argues , CPU-specific issues such as register stacks and context switching need to be standardised .
next , heath argues , cpu-specific issues such as [sign up] stacks and context switching need to be standardised .

4 The first recorded date in history , which maybe the British Domesday Book of 1086 , or the Crusader Lists , or possibly the 16th century Huguenot register .
4 the first recorded date in history , which maybe the british domesday book of 1086 , or the crusader lists , or possibly the 16th century huguenot [sign up] .

Newsagents wishing to open for the sale of Sunday newspapers will have to register every five years in order to be exempted from the new law .
newsagents wishing to open for the sale of sunday newspapers will have to [sign up] every five years in order to be exempted from the new law .

Mr Burns said newsagents — at present able to trade freely on Sundays — would face a costly and bureaucratic nightmare if they had to register every five years .
mr burns said newsagents — at present able to trade freely on sundays — would face a costly and bureaucratic nightmare if they had to [sign up] every five years .

The woman at the employment exchange would n't even register me on the Professional Executive Register .
the woman at the employment exchange would n't even [sign up] me on the professional executive [sign up] .

She told me , ‘ Blind people do n't need that register , ’ and that no one would ever employ me as anything other than an audio-typist .
she told me , ‘ blind people do n't need that [sign up] , ’ and that no one would ever employ me as anything other than an audio-typist .

The humanists also hold baby-naming and wedding ceremonies , although the latter still have to be legalised at a register office .
the humanists also hold baby-naming and wedding ceremonies , although the latter still have to be legalised at a [sign up] office .

‘ They thought it would be hypocritical to marry in church , but felt a register office wedding on its own would be a bit bleak .
‘ they thought it would be hypocritical to marry in church , but felt a [sign up] office wedding on its own would be a bit bleak .

For example Gray and Isaacs ( 1979 ) identify such conditions as loss of the mental competence to register new information , of the ability to discriminate between similar stimuli , of the ability to generalise , and of the ability to relate present events to past experience or future consequences .
for example gray and isaacs ( 1979 ) identify such conditions as loss of the mental competence to [sign up] new information , of the ability to discriminate between similar stimuli , of the ability to generalise , and of the ability to relate present events to past experience or future consequences .

The people who removed themselves from the register to avoid paying the tax were unlikely to be Conservative voters ( although they were not necessarily pro-Labour either ) .
the people who removed themselves from the [sign up] to avoid paying the tax were unlikely to be conservative voters ( although they were not necessarily pro-labour either ) .

In normal times , about 97.5 per cent of eligible people register .
in normal times , about 97.5 per cent of eligible people [sign up] .

In Kensington , for example , the register fell by 6,129 from 1987-92 , and the Conservative majority was 3,548 .
in kensington , for example , the [sign up] fell by 6,129 from 1987-92 , and the conservative majority was 3,548 .

Students , who tend to the left , can choose whether to register in their parents ' homes or where they live in term time .
students , who tend to the left , can choose whether to [sign up] in their parents ' homes or where they live in term time .

In Cambridge , there was a campaign to persuade students to register in the city , which was a marginal Conservative seat .
in cambridge , there was a campaign to persuade students to [sign up] in the city , which was a marginal conservative seat .

The commission estimates the population on the basis of the electoral register — but is working with the artificially low 1991 registers .
the commission estimates the population on the basis of the electoral [sign up] — but is working with the artificially low 1991 registers .

One of the odder aspects of the 1992 election was the anecdotal evidence from polling station officers who reported to the Market Research Society that many people tried to vote , but only discovered that they were not on the register when they got to the polling station .
one of the odder aspects of the 1992 election was the anecdotal evidence from polling station officers who reported to the market research society that many people tried to vote , but only discovered that they were not on the [sign up] when they got to the polling station .

But in an election that , as Vernon Bogdanor wrote in the Independent on Sunday , ‘ enables the elector to give expression to those hopes and fears no opinion poll can be sensitive enough to register and reflects the way the nation perceives itself ’ , he embodied exactly those things that the constituency that Labour was trying to woo back — the new working class — is trying its damnedest to escape from .
but in an election that , as vernon bogdanor wrote in the independent on sunday , ‘ enables the elector to give expression to those hopes and fears no opinion poll can be sensitive enough to [sign up] and reflects the way the nation perceives itself ’ , he embodied exactly those things that the constituency that labour was trying to woo back — the new working class — is trying its damnedest to escape from .

Which of your ‘ probable futures ’ are you creating at the moment ? What is likely to happen if you stay on your current path ? If you work as a sales assistant , but dream of owning your own business , what are you doing about it ? Are you saving up , reading about business management , surveying the market , giving yourself a deadline — or are you just wistfully dreaming over the cash register , with no intention of making your dream a reality ? If you fantasise about a warm , loving relationship , are you making an effort to meet new people , learning from past mistakes , and being a warm , loving person towards yourself and others — or sitting indoors waiting for Mr or Ms Right to knock on your door bearing a glass slipper ?
which of your ‘ probable futures ’ are you creating at the moment ? what is likely to happen if you stay on your current path ? if you work as a sales assistant , but dream of owning your own business , what are you doing about it ? are you saving up , reading about business management , surveying the market , giving yourself a deadline — or are you just wistfully dreaming over the cash [sign up] , with no intention of making your dream a reality ? if you fantasise about a warm , loving relationship , are you making an effort to meet new people , learning from past mistakes , and being a warm , loving person towards yourself and others — or sitting indoors waiting for mr or ms right to knock on your door bearing a glass slipper ?

The telephone was on the cash-desk , next to the register , behind which stood Mr Patel .
the telephone was on the cash-desk , next to the [sign up] , behind which stood mr patel .

When the phone rang Sam jolted awake but for two seconds did not register which phone was ringing .
when the phone rang sam jolted awake but for two seconds did not [sign up] which phone was ringing .

Expats are supposed to register in the constituency where they last lived , but there does n't seem to be much checking of bona fides .
expats are supposed to [sign up] in the constituency where they last lived , but there does n't seem to be much checking of bona fides .

Gatwick JobCentre , which maintains a Professional Pilots Register created when Air Europe collapsed , says it still has 450 unemployed airline pilots on its books .
gatwick jobcentre , which maintains a professional pilots [sign up] created when air europe collapsed , says it still has 450 unemployed airline pilots on its books .

Not only will the Air-Britain register answer many more such queries , but it also provides a comprehensive listing of foreign-registered aircraft domiciled in these shores .
not only will the air-britain [sign up] answer many more such queries , but it also provides a comprehensive listing of foreign-registered aircraft domiciled in these shores .

Today is the day for those who think the election is a load of old bollocks to register their presence .
today is the day for those who think the election is a load of old bollocks to [sign up] their presence .

Deselected by his party for abusing the register of members ' interests .
deselected by his party for abusing the [sign up] of members ' interests .

Voluntary patients can register on the electoral roll and can have postal votes .
voluntary patients can [sign up] on the electoral roll and can have postal votes .

Apart from those who have been deprived of their freedom by the state , and at the discretion of the electoral registration officer , anyone over the age of 18 is eligible to register to vote .
apart from those who have been deprived of their freedom by the state , and at the discretion of the electoral registration officer , anyone over the age of 18 is eligible to [sign up] to vote .

Anyone suffering from a mental handicap and who is living in a mental hospital must complete a declaration that he or she wishes to register for the right to vote .
anyone suffering from a mental handicap and who is living in a mental hospital must complete a declaration that he or she wishes to [sign up] for the right to vote .

However , from the South Wales study , it does seem that not all those living at home do register , and not all who register vote .
however , from the south wales study , it does seem that not all those living at home do [sign up] , and not all who [sign up] vote .

Particulars of charges created by debenture are kept at the Companies Registry and in the company 's register of charges .
particulars of charges created by debenture are kept at the companies registry and in the company 's [sign up] of charges .

The haulier should make sure that his company secretary keeps a proper record of debentures showing full particulars of company assets charged on the company 's register .
the haulier should make sure that his company secretary keeps a proper record of debentures showing full particulars of company assets charged on the company 's [sign up] .

While you are there , register for a free copy of Executive Post , which will be sent to your home .
while you are there , [sign up] for a free copy of executive post , which will be sent to your home .

Once the two fathers had signed , once they had seen their names written in the register of marriages , it was irrevocable .
once the two fathers had signed , once they had seen their names written in the [sign up] of marriages , it was irrevocable .

In addition , this 1678 Act ‘ for lessening the importation of Linnen from beyond the Seas , and the encouragement of the Woollen and Paper Manufacturers of the Kingdome ’ further instructed that the curate of every parish keep a register , provided at the expense of the parish , into which had to be entered all burials together with the affidavits taken by the justice of the peace , mayor , ‘ or such like chief officer ’ in the parish or , ‘ if there be no officer , then by any curate within the county where the corpse was buried ( except him in whose parish the corpse was buried ) , who must administer the oath , and set his hand gratis ’ .
in addition , this 1678 act ‘ for lessening the importation of linnen from beyond the seas , and the encouragement of the woollen and paper manufacturers of the kingdome ’ further instructed that the curate of every parish keep a [sign up] , provided at the expense of the parish , into which had to be entered all burials together with the affidavits taken by the justice of the peace , mayor , ‘ or such like chief officer ’ in the parish or , ‘ if there be no officer , then by any curate within the county where the corpse was buried ( except him in whose parish the corpse was buried ) , who must administer the oath , and set his hand gratis ’ .

He has also rationalized the range of wine and spirits stocks to reduce the stockturn ratio , introduced purchasing specifications , tightened up on the ordering system , established a fixed asset register and got the Accommodation Manager to prepare a five-year rolling plan for plant and equipment maintenance , as well as tightening up on staff overtime and casual workers ' pay .
he has also rationalized the range of wine and spirits stocks to reduce the stockturn ratio , introduced purchasing specifications , tightened up on the ordering system , established a fixed asset [sign up] and got the accommodation manager to prepare a five-year rolling plan for plant and equipment maintenance , as well as tightening up on staff overtime and casual workers ' pay .

To register a claim on the liquidator 's list , simply write to the company 's registered office , which you can normally get from their letterhead .
to [sign up] a claim on the liquidator 's list , simply write to the company 's registered office , which you can normally get from their letterhead .

He could imagine the man 's eyes , filled with loathing and disgust , unable to register the full extent of the blazing fury which lurked beneath .
he could imagine the man 's eyes , filled with loathing and disgust , unable to [sign up] the full extent of the blazing fury which lurked beneath .

‘ His name will be in the Social Register , ’ she announced .
‘ his name will be in the social [sign up] , ’ she announced .

So please register the shareware software if you find it useful .
so please [sign up] the shareware software if you find it useful .

You 'll find all the details about how to register each program in its document files .
you 'll find all the details about how to [sign up] each program in its document files .

Unfortunately , what constitutes reasonable time is n't clearly defined under British law , and if a court thinks you 've taken too long to register your complaint , you may not have a case .
unfortunately , what constitutes reasonable time is n't clearly defined under british law , and if a court thinks you 've taken too long to [sign up] your complaint , you may not have a case .

Next , Heath argues , CPU-specific issues like register stacks and context switching need to be standardised .
next , heath argues , cpu-specific issues like [sign up] stacks and context switching need to be standardised .

What seems to me to need attention is … [ the ] movement of psychoanalysis away from content ( pre-Oedipal or otherwise ) to a concept of sexuality as caught up in the register of demand and desire .
what seems to me to need attention is … [ the ] movement of psychoanalysis away from content ( pre-oedipal or otherwise ) to a concept of sexuality as caught up in the [sign up] of demand and desire .

If we are investigating adults , then a favourite sampling frame used by sociologists is the electoral register ( Hough and Mayhew 1983 , 1985 ; Marshall et al .
if we are investigating adults , then a favourite sampling frame used by sociologists is the electoral [sign up] ( hough and mayhew 1983 , 1985 ; marshall et al .

If we are interested in young mothers , then we might try the Register of Births , and ask for a list of all recent births that have been registered .
if we are interested in young mothers , then we might try the [sign up] of births , and ask for a list of all recent births that have been registered .

In more extreme manner we might wish to register our displeasure at the felling of a row of fine trees for a road-widening project by saying that they had the right to be left in peace .
in more extreme manner we might wish to [sign up] our displeasure at the felling of a row of fine trees for a road-widening project by saying that they had the right to be left in peace .

In Hunan on the night of 8 October , students marched to the provincial party headquarters to register their complaints about the handling of the elections at the Teachers ' College .
in hunan on the night of 8 october , students marched to the provincial party headquarters to [sign up] their complaints about the handling of the elections at the teachers ' college .

Non-residents would have to register their names at the gate as well as the time of arrival and their business .
non-residents would have to [sign up] their names at the gate as well as the time of arrival and their business .

Two African students refused to register their Chinese girlfriends at a Christmas dance .
two african students refused to [sign up] their chinese girlfriends at a christmas dance .

Users can register complex discussions and annotations within the system .
users can [sign up] complex discussions and annotations within the system .

Consider for example the distinctive variety that used to be known as ‘ motherese ’ ( now usually called ‘ caretaker register ’ or ‘ child-directed speech ‘ ) .
consider for example the distinctive variety that used to be known as ‘ motherese ’ ( now usually called ‘ caretaker [sign up] ’ or ‘ child-directed speech ‘ ) .

Register news
[sign up] news

Local authorities in England and Wales have a duty to register and inspect private homes under the 1984 Residential Homes Act , and apply a code of practice .
local authorities in england and wales have a duty to [sign up] and inspect private homes under the 1984 residential homes act , and apply a code of practice .

The scientists stressed that it was little more than a laboratory curiosity , the energy coming from the fusion of only a few hydrogen atoms and ‘ was scarcely enough to register on highly sensitive measuring instruments ’ ; although the process had no immediate commercial value it suggested ‘ possible industrial uses of immeasurable importance ’ .
the scientists stressed that it was little more than a laboratory curiosity , the energy coming from the fusion of only a few hydrogen atoms and ‘ was scarcely enough to [sign up] on highly sensitive measuring instruments ’ ; although the process had no immediate commercial value it suggested ‘ possible industrial uses of immeasurable importance ’ .

The anti-apartheid brigade 's first blow failed to register .
the anti-apartheid brigade 's first blow failed to [sign up] .

There he attempted to register his protest but was told there was nothing wrong with the ‘ sporting accident ’ .
there he attempted to [sign up] his protest but was told there was nothing wrong with the ‘ sporting accident ’ .

In 1993 Norwegian players will be as easy to register as British ones and current trialists Frank Strandli ( Leeds ) , Ole Sundgot ( Oldham ) and Egil Ulfstein ( Sheffield United ) could make permanent moves .
in 1993 norwegian players will be as easy to [sign up] as british ones and current trialists frank strandli ( leeds ) , ole sundgot ( oldham ) and egil ulfstein ( sheffield united ) could make permanent moves .

Proof of disqualification may be certificate of conviction or extract from the magistrates ' court register together with proof of identification of the defendant , e.g. by the police officer who was present in court when the defendant was disqualified .
proof of disqualification may be certificate of conviction or extract from the magistrates ' court [sign up] together with proof of identification of the defendant , e.g. by the police officer who was present in court when the defendant was disqualified .

All went well until she tried to climb into a taxi after the reception at the exclusive Dorchester Club following a quiet ceremony for family and a few friends at Chelsea Register Office .
all went well until she tried to climb into a taxi after the reception at the exclusive dorchester club following a quiet ceremony for family and a few friends at chelsea [sign up] office .

After scoring on his Villa debut against his former club , Wednesday , on the opening day of the season , he made only 13 more appearances because of injuries and failed to register another goal .
after scoring on his villa debut against his former club , wednesday , on the opening day of the season , he made only 13 more appearances because of injuries and failed to [sign up] another goal .

After scoring on his Villa debut against his former club , Wednesday , on the opening day of the season , he made only 13 more appearances because of injuries and failed to register another goal .
after scoring on his villa debut against his former club , wednesday , on the opening day of the season , he made only 13 more appearances because of injuries and failed to [sign up] another goal .

There 's no hope for a breathing space for the business community as far as Mr Humber is concerned : ‘ We will continue to campaign for the registers to include all sources of contamination , ’ he says grimly , ‘ and we will campaign for not just land liable to be contaminated to be included on the register , but then for that to be backed up by actual investigation of those sites and for that to be put on the registers as well . ’
there 's no hope for a breathing space for the business community as far as mr humber is concerned : ‘ we will continue to campaign for the registers to include all sources of contamination , ’ he says grimly , ‘ and we will campaign for not just land liable to be contaminated to be included on the [sign up] , but then for that to be backed up by actual investigation of those sites and for that to be put on the registers as well . ’

Additionally , people who can say in advance that their income will be less than their tax allowances can register to receive their interest gross .
additionally , people who can say in advance that their income will be less than their tax allowances can [sign up] to receive their interest gross .

It is not possible , for example , to register for gross interest to be paid on one account ( with the interest covered by tax allowances ) and to have interest credited to other accounts under deduction of tax .
it is not possible , for example , to [sign up] for gross interest to be paid on one account ( with the interest covered by tax allowances ) and to have interest credited to other accounts under deduction of tax .

It is possible to purchase gilts on the National Savings Stock Register up to a maximum of £10,000 in any one stock in any one day , and the interest is then received gross .
it is possible to purchase gilts on the national savings stock [sign up] up to a maximum of £10,000 in any one stock in any one day , and the interest is then received gross .

the constituent members make taxable supplies and would be liable to register if looked at as a whole ;
the constituent members make taxable supplies and would be liable to [sign up] if looked at as a whole ;

The requirements are based on the Companies Act 1985 , and the central register containing details will be available for inspection by all members .
the requirements are based on the companies act 1985 , and the central [sign up] containing details will be available for inspection by all members .

There are a number of special requirements , including entering on the company 's register of members a statement that the company has only one member and giving the name and address of that sole member .
there are a number of special requirements , including entering on the company 's [sign up] of members a statement that the company has only one member and giving the name and address of that sole member .

To Radionics practitioners , their results , in respect to healing over any distance by the conscious transmission of healing energies , have established indisputable proof of the cell 's ability to register and retain information from the environment .
to radionics practitioners , their results , in respect to healing over any distance by the conscious transmission of healing energies , have established indisputable proof of the cell 's ability to [sign up] and retain information from the environment .

And among the first to register were his 14 New South Wales team-mates .
and among the first to [sign up] were his 14 new south wales team-mates .

( As a result of recent audit firm mergers , we were unable to trace three firms on the audit register . )
( as a result of recent audit firm mergers , we were unable to trace three firms on the audit [sign up] . )

Furthermore , out of a total number of firms on the audit register of 11,200 , only 164 were identified as acting for listed companies and a further 115 for other large organisations .
furthermore , out of a total number of firms on the audit [sign up] of 11,200 , only 164 were identified as acting for listed companies and a further 115 for other large organisations .

Register for goods moved
[sign up] for goods moved

Customs state , in their official publication , Single Market Report ( Special Edition , Christmas 1992 ) , that amendments to the draft regulations make it clear that the register refers only to temporary movements , ie for a period not longer than two years .
customs state , in their official publication , single market report ( special edition , christmas 1992 ) , that amendments to the draft regulations make it clear that the [sign up] refers only to temporary movements , ie for a period not longer than two years .

How can it help ? President of the General Council and Register of Naturopaths , Jon Leigh , practices both these principles and gave a thought-provoking list of suggestions to help marathoners .
how can it help ? president of the general council and [sign up] of naturopaths , jon leigh , practices both these principles and gave a thought-provoking list of suggestions to help marathoners .

How can it help ? Secretary and Treasurer of the National Council of Psychotherapists and Hypnotherapy Register , William Broom , says :
how can it help ? secretary and treasurer of the national council of psychotherapists and hypnotherapy [sign up] , william broom , says :

Already the noises of complaint coming from Down Under have begun to register on the Richter Scale .
already the noises of complaint coming from down under have begun to [sign up] on the richter scale .

The audit regime has teeth and , through refusing to register some firms and imposing conditions on others , the Institute has demonstrated that it is not afraid to bite .
the audit regime has teeth and , through refusing to [sign up] some firms and imposing conditions on others , the institute has demonstrated that it is not afraid to bite .

So the locomotive of change was already rolling powerfully when Lord Hanson made his unwelcome appearance on the share register the following May .
so the locomotive of change was already rolling powerfully when lord hanson made his unwelcome appearance on the share [sign up] the following may .

Many others have , over the years , been excepted by statutory instrument from having to register with the Charity Commission ; they include churches , voluntary schools , the branches of the Boy Scouts and other organisations .
many others have , over the years , been excepted by statutory instrument from having to [sign up] with the charity commission ; they include churches , voluntary schools , the branches of the boy scouts and other organisations .

An examination of the draft legislation also reveals that both acquirers and despatchers of goods are required to set up a new register of these movements .
an examination of the draft legislation also reveals that both acquirers and despatchers of goods are required to set up a new [sign up] of these movements .

This is to be known as the register for goods moved to and from other member states .
this is to be known as the [sign up] for goods moved to and from other member states .

Set up a register of goods moved to or from other member states .
set up a [sign up] of goods moved to or from other member states .

When he returned they lived together before marrying in a quiet register office ceremony in December 1986 .
when he returned they lived together before marrying in a quiet [sign up] office ceremony in december 1986 .

The banns , posted outside the register office at nearby Ballater , under Church of Scotland law , Commander Tim Laurence 's middle names were muddled up .
the banns , posted outside the [sign up] office at nearby ballater , under church of scotland law , commander tim laurence 's middle names were muddled up .

The girl had been placed on a social services ‘ at risk ’ register after suffering a broken arm and collarbone in a fall .
the girl had been placed on a social services ‘ at risk ’ [sign up] after suffering a broken arm and collarbone in a fall .

So they made their bold little crosses in the register and set off on their adventure .
so they made their bold little crosses in the [sign up] and set off on their adventure .

So Mr. Whiting carefully entered in the burial register against little Mary 's name : ‘ … and diged up a gain and Mrs Humphries put in ’ .
so mr. whiting carefully entered in the burial [sign up] against little mary 's name : ‘ … and diged up a gain and mrs humphries put in ’ .

Burial register , Badcox Lane Baptist Chapel , Frome , Somerset .
burial [sign up] , badcox lane baptist chapel , frome , somerset .

The tax on all registrations was eventually repealed in the October of 1794 , but in the meantime Charles the Cheesemonger had had to hand over ninepence of his hard-earned money to have his little brood 's details entered in the Anglican parish register , having already spent sixpence in the same way for Mary and Sarah in the October of 1784 . If pig butchers kept piggy banks , his must have been empty once in a while during this period …
the tax on all registrations was eventually repealed in the october of 1794 , but in the meantime charles the cheesemonger had had to hand over ninepence of his hard-earned money to have his little brood 's details entered in the anglican parish [sign up] , having already spent sixpence in the same way for mary and sarah in the october of 1784 . if pig butchers kept piggy banks , his must have been empty once in a while during this period …

Yet Badcox Lane must have regarded her as a member of their congregation in the widest sense , at least in spirit ; when she died , aged 79 , and was buried at Catherine Hill on 18 May 1826 , the chapel entered the fact in its register .
yet badcox lane must have regarded her as a member of their congregation in the widest sense , at least in spirit ; when she died , aged 79 , and was buried at catherine hill on 18 may 1826 , the chapel entered the fact in its [sign up] .

In the circumstances , Benjamin Titford might have been tempted not to leave his name in the parish register , either , as his bride came gingerly down the aisle bearing his as-yet-unborn son and heir .
in the circumstances , benjamin titford might have been tempted not to leave his name in the parish [sign up] , either , as his bride came gingerly down the aisle bearing his as-yet-unborn son and heir .

Witnesses were Joseph Morrice , the register clerk , and Dorothy Sebbon , but no Hasted signed except the bride .
witnesses were joseph morrice , the [sign up] clerk , and dorothy sebbon , but no hasted signed except the bride .

The chapel register records the birth , registration and christening of six-year old Elizabeth Titford , ‘ … daughter of Benjamin and Elizabeth Titford of St George 's in the East , Middlesex ’ .
the chapel [sign up] records the birth , registration and christening of six-year old elizabeth titford , ‘ … daughter of benjamin and elizabeth titford of st george 's in the east , middlesex ’ .

Admissions Register , Shoreditch workhouse , 1826 .
admissions [sign up] , shoreditch workhouse , 1826 .

Mr Jordan and Mr Stone have until 12 November to register an appeal , which would be heard by a committee chaired by a Lord Justice of Appeal .
mr jordan and mr stone have until 12 november to [sign up] an appeal , which would be heard by a committee chaired by a lord justice of appeal .

The lack of women at the top is borne out by the findings of the latest Arthur Andersen Corporate Register , published by Hemmington Scott .
the lack of women at the top is borne out by the findings of the latest arthur andersen corporate [sign up] , published by hemmington scott .

Called to register
called to [sign up]

Local authorities have the power to register and inspect residential and nursing homes but they ca n't touch home care services .
local authorities have the power to [sign up] and inspect residential and nursing homes but they ca n't touch home care services .

But if it follows the government 's call to expand into domiciliary care it will not have to register this as part of its service .
but if it follows the government 's call to expand into domiciliary care it will not have to [sign up] this as part of its service .

The home care manager for voucher services keeps a register of home care assistants who have been interviewed by the authority , and clients choose who they want and when .
the home care manager for voucher services keeps a [sign up] of home care assistants who have been interviewed by the authority , and clients choose who they want and when .

Japan was the only industrialised country to register an increase , rather than a decrease , in the number of patents received per scientist and engineer between 1967 and 1984 .
japan was the only industrialised country to [sign up] an increase , rather than a decrease , in the number of patents received per scientist and engineer between 1967 and 1984 .

The girl , Kelly Fitzgerald , was put on Lambeth 's at risk register in 1989 but was removed soon after she went to live with her grandparents in 1991 .
the girl , kelly fitzgerald , was put on lambeth 's at risk [sign up] in 1989 but was removed soon after she went to live with her grandparents in 1991 .

These changes , switches , and sequences seem to be wholly illusory , caused by misapplying the linguistic criterion of register ( not to mention the biographical fallacy ) .
these changes , switches , and sequences seem to be wholly illusory , caused by misapplying the linguistic criterion of [sign up] ( not to mention the biographical fallacy ) .

In a truly patronising vein , you suggest that it was technology , the offer of a shiny card with their photo , that attracted Cambodians to register as voters . Did you stop to think that there is more than enough going on in Cambodia to make people reflect pretty carefully about participating in the election at all — and that the fact that 4.7m of them registered ( for which they received nothing whatsoever in material terms ) might just suggest that they really would like to exercise the vote ?
in a truly patronising vein , you suggest that it was technology , the offer of a shiny card with their photo , that attracted cambodians to [sign up] as voters . did you stop to think that there is more than enough going on in cambodia to make people reflect pretty carefully about participating in the election at all — and that the fact that 4.7m of them registered ( for which they received nothing whatsoever in material terms ) might just suggest that they really would like to exercise the vote ?

The ‘ motor-voter ’ bill , which would allow Americans to register to vote when they get their driving licences , became law .
the ‘ motor-voter ’ bill , which would allow americans to [sign up] to vote when they get their driving licences , became law .

The same election provides a further example of bribery , once again involving a Buchanan laird , Moses Buchanan of Glins , whose price for supporting Ardkinglas was the consent of government to his son 's succession to John McCure 's office of keeper of the register of sasines of Renfrew .
the same election provides a further example of bribery , once again involving a buchanan laird , moses buchanan of glins , whose price for supporting ardkinglas was the consent of government to his son 's succession to john mccure 's office of keeper of the [sign up] of sasines of renfrew .

As Wedderburn pointed out , ‘ tho ’ he has Lo [ rd ] Anson 's promise to do for him he relies little on it unless your Lo [ rdshi ] p & the Register intirfire for he will find a readie excuse , he was abroad or he wd have been provided ' .
as wedderburn pointed out , ‘ tho ’ he has lo [ rd ] anson 's promise to do for him he relies little on it unless your lo [ rdshi ] p & the [sign up] intirfire for he will find a readie excuse , he was abroad or he wd have been provided ' .

In 1734 , for example , Gabriel Napier of Craigannet , the sheriff-depute of Stirlingshire , pressed Lord Ilay to help him add the office of keeper of the register of sasines for Stirling and the stewartry of Menteith to his official holdings , for he found the sheriffship to be more trouble than it was worth .
in 1734 , for example , gabriel napier of craigannet , the sheriff-depute of stirlingshire , pressed lord ilay to help him add the office of keeper of the [sign up] of sasines for stirling and the stewartry of menteith to his official holdings , for he found the sheriffship to be more trouble than it was worth .

The formal duties of the conference are to decide whether or not to place a child 's name on the Child Protection Register and , if so , to appoint a ‘ key worker ’ who then assumes the main responsibility for overall coordination of any subsequent work with the child and the family .
the formal duties of the conference are to decide whether or not to place a child 's name on the child protection [sign up] and , if so , to appoint a ‘ key worker ’ who then assumes the main responsibility for overall coordination of any subsequent work with the child and the family .

The Child Protection Register provides a central record of all children in a given area who have been identified as abused , or who are considered to be at risk of abuse , and who therefore are currently the subject of an interagency plan to protect them .
the child protection [sign up] provides a central record of all children in a given area who have been identified as abused , or who are considered to be at risk of abuse , and who therefore are currently the subject of an interagency plan to protect them .

The register is managed by a ‘ custodian ’ , an experienced social worker with appropriate knowledge and skills in child abuse work , who is available to provide advice to professional staff making enquiries .
the [sign up] is managed by a ‘ custodian ’ , an experienced social worker with appropriate knowledge and skills in child abuse work , who is available to provide advice to professional staff making enquiries .

If at any time the whereabouts of a child on the register are not known , it is the custodian 's specific responsibility to set in hand immediate action to try to trace the child .
if at any time the whereabouts of a child on the [sign up] are not known , it is the custodian 's specific responsibility to set in hand immediate action to try to trace the child .

The key worker should regularly check that the child 's whereabouts are known , and inform the Child Protection Register 's custodian immediately if the child goes missing .
the key worker should regularly check that the child 's whereabouts are known , and inform the child protection [sign up] 's custodian immediately if the child goes missing .

Which would seem to suggest that old-fashioned good singing is good , no matter what register it happens to be in .
which would seem to suggest that old-fashioned good singing is good , no matter what [sign up] it happens to be in .

Despite this level of support , and a direct request from James Baker when he was still secretary of state , Mr Karimov has refused to register Birlik as a political party .
despite this level of support , and a direct request from james baker when he was still secretary of state , mr karimov has refused to [sign up] birlik as a political party .

He and Richard must have heard about these things but in general they had failed to register .
he and richard must have heard about these things but in general they had failed to [sign up] .

said to us last night about the next girl to come in after she 's arrived to read the register .
said to us last night about the next girl to come in after she 's arrived to read the [sign up] .

In 1989 it set up its Conservation Register , an extensive computerized database listing conservators working in over one hundred different fields whose working practices , studio security , fees and other professional requirements have been carefully vetted by the Unit before inclusion on their files .
in 1989 it set up its conservation [sign up] , an extensive computerized database listing conservators working in over one hundred different fields whose working practices , studio security , fees and other professional requirements have been carefully vetted by the unit before inclusion on their files .

The Register is available to the public ; for a fee of £5 details of up to five conservators in any one area of expertise are supplied .
the [sign up] is available to the public ; for a fee of £5 details of up to five conservators in any one area of expertise are supplied .

Between November 1981 and November 1983 , encouragement was given to unemployed men over the age of 60 to withdraw from the labour force by offering to pay them the long-term rate of supplementary benefit if they agreed not to register as unemployed .
between november 1981 and november 1983 , encouragement was given to unemployed men over the age of 60 to withdraw from the labour force by offering to pay them the long-term rate of supplementary benefit if they agreed not to [sign up] as unemployed .

If you want to be on the register and are aged between 18 and 40 , and weigh at least 8 stone , you can write to : The Donor Department
if you want to be on the [sign up] and are aged between 18 and 40 , and weigh at least 8 stone , you can write to : the donor department

With the development of computerised registers of stolen art work and specialised magazines reporting thefts , one of the conditions to be met is to have consulted such sources ( of course the legal relevance of a register depends to a certain extent on the diligence of the dispossessed owner in reporting the theft ) .
with the development of computerised registers of stolen art work and specialised magazines reporting thefts , one of the conditions to be met is to have consulted such sources ( of course the legal relevance of a [sign up] depends to a certain extent on the diligence of the dispossessed owner in reporting the theft ) .

Register News
[sign up] news

The science that was relevant to Frederick Bissett was the moment , too fast for any but the most powerful computer to register , when chemical explosive was driven by uniform spherical detonation against the fissionable material of highly enriched uranium and plutonium creating some millions of pounds overpressure per square inch … His head dropped .
the science that was relevant to frederick bissett was the moment , too fast for any but the most powerful computer to [sign up] , when chemical explosive was driven by uniform spherical detonation against the fissionable material of highly enriched uranium and plutonium creating some millions of pounds overpressure per square inch … his head dropped .

although many famous names were missing from the register : notably Moffatt , Nadin , Legrand ( already sure of retaining his crown and recovering from a knee operation ) , Rabatou , Godoffe , Cortijo and Edlinger .
although many famous names were missing from the [sign up] : notably moffatt , nadin , legrand ( already sure of retaining his crown and recovering from a knee operation ) , rabatou , godoffe , cortijo and edlinger .

Role play also lends itself to every aspect of language work , including structures , lexis , functions , intonation patterns , and register .
role play also lends itself to every aspect of language work , including structures , lexis , functions , intonation patterns , and [sign up] .

From the same distributors comes Australian Civil Aircraft Register 1991/1992 .
from the same distributors comes australian civil aircraft [sign up] 1991/1992 .

These convictions had become sufficiently general amongst antislavery reformers by the mid-1820s that local associations in , for example , Norwich , Beverley , Hull and Whitby all dismissed comprehensively the argument in Cobbett 's Register and Blackwood 's that labourers in Britain suffered worse material conditions than West Indian slaves .
these convictions had become sufficiently general amongst antislavery reformers by the mid-1820s that local associations in , for example , norwich , beverley , hull and whitby all dismissed comprehensively the argument in cobbett 's [sign up] and blackwood 's that labourers in britain suffered worse material conditions than west indian slaves .

Two further features of his narrative , none the less , register that it was composed in the changed atmosphere of ‘ late ’ antislavery .
two further features of his narrative , none the less , [sign up] that it was composed in the changed atmosphere of ‘ late ’ antislavery .

The latter deal primarily in a currency of meaning while the former have still a conflict concerning the appropriate register for the target language .
the latter deal primarily in a currency of meaning while the former have still a conflict concerning the appropriate [sign up] for the target language .

Looking back over the Birthday Scheme Register , there are gaps in some people 's giving for some months .
looking back over the birthday scheme [sign up] , there are gaps in some people 's giving for some months .

This statement would be available on request to customers from the lender or through the Consumer Credit Public Register which already covers licences and licence applications .
this statement would be available on request to customers from the lender or through the consumer credit public [sign up] which already covers licences and licence applications .

Not only does a church register gains , it also experiences losses .
not only does a church [sign up] gains , it also experiences losses .

, a company incorporated and having its registered office at and is entered into the Trade Register of Ghent under nr. 153 381 ( ‘ ’ ) ( which shall include all or any of its subsidiaries , agents , successors or assigns ) and herein represented by Christian
, a company incorporated and having its registered office at and is entered into the trade [sign up] of ghent under nr. 153 381 ( ‘ ’ ) ( which shall include all or any of its subsidiaries , agents , successors or assigns ) and herein represented by christian

3.1 The Distributor agrees that it will not during the period of this Agreement and after termination ( for whatever reason ) seek to register in the Territory or anywhere in the world the Trade Mark ‘ Oxford ’ or any other trade mark or trade name being used and owned by the Publisher
3.1 the distributor agrees that it will not during the period of this agreement and after termination ( for whatever reason ) seek to [sign up] in the territory or anywhere in the world the trade mark ‘ oxford ’ or any other trade mark or trade name being used and owned by the publisher

4.1 The Distributor agrees to register on behalf of the Publisher in the Territory only the Trade Mark ‘ Oxford ’ or any other trade mark or trade name being used and owned by the Publisher and after termination ( for whatever reason ) of this contract the Distributor agrees to endorse the above-mentioned trade marks or trade names to the Publisher .
4.1 the distributor agrees to [sign up] on behalf of the publisher in the territory only the trade mark ‘ oxford ’ or any other trade mark or trade name being used and owned by the publisher and after termination ( for whatever reason ) of this contract the distributor agrees to endorse the above-mentioned trade marks or trade names to the publisher .

4.1 The Distributor agrees to register on behalf of the Publisher in the Territory only the Trade Mark ‘ Oxford ’ or any other trade mark or trade name being used and owned by the Publisher and after termination ( for whatever reason ) of this contract the Distributor agrees to endorse the above-mentioned trade marks or trade names to the Publisher .
4.1 the distributor agrees to [sign up] on behalf of the publisher in the territory only the trade mark ‘ oxford ’ or any other trade mark or trade name being used and owned by the publisher and after termination ( for whatever reason ) of this contract the distributor agrees to endorse the above-mentioned trade marks or trade names to the publisher .

3.8 acknowledges to that the Trade Marks are and always have been the property of and that this agreement is made with full knowledge of the need of to support 's efforts to Register and Maintain the Trade Marks to avoid Trade Mark confusion in the Territory and elsewhere in order that the Trade Marks shall continue to be viable and valuable assets of .
3.8 acknowledges to that the trade marks are and always have been the property of and that this agreement is made with full knowledge of the need of to support 's efforts to [sign up] and maintain the trade marks to avoid trade mark confusion in the territory and elsewhere in order that the trade marks shall continue to be viable and valuable assets of .

will not attempt to register or use for its own benefit , or aid any third party in attempting to register or use , the Trade Marks or any trade mark the use of which would constitute an infringement of 's Trade Marks .
will not attempt to [sign up] or use for its own benefit , or aid any third party in attempting to [sign up] or use , the trade marks or any trade mark the use of which would constitute an infringement of 's trade marks .

3.10 If in the future and agree that it is necessary or desirable to register a copyright or other intellectual property right anywhere in the world with respect to the Licensed Products , and will co-operate and each take such action as is required to register the right in question in the name of the party to whom said right belong .
3.10 if in the future and agree that it is necessary or desirable to [sign up] a copyright or other intellectual property right anywhere in the world with respect to the licensed products , and will co-operate and each take such action as is required to [sign up] the right in question in the name of the party to whom said right belong .

4.1 The Distributor agrees to register on behalf of the Publisher in the Territory only the Trade Mark ‘ Oxford ’ or any other trade mark or trade name being used and owned by the Publisher and after termination ( for whatever reason ) of this contract the Distributor agrees to endorse the above-mentioned trade marks or trade names to the Publisher .
4.1 the distributor agrees to [sign up] on behalf of the publisher in the territory only the trade mark ‘ oxford ’ or any other trade mark or trade name being used and owned by the publisher and after termination ( for whatever reason ) of this contract the distributor agrees to endorse the above-mentioned trade marks or trade names to the publisher .

These are ‘ signatures ’ and , if , in early books , the printer has set them out in sequence right at the end , perhaps with the colophon , he has supplied the ‘ register of the signatures ’ .
these are ‘ signatures ’ and , if , in early books , the printer has set them out in sequence right at the end , perhaps with the colophon , he has supplied the ‘ [sign up] of the signatures ’ .

The attitudinist will admit , indeed , that there is a weak sense of true ' and ‘ false ’ , in which they merely register agreement or disagreement , and in which it is quite legitimate to use them to express agreement or disagreement in attitude with an ethical statement .
the attitudinist will admit , indeed , that there is a weak sense of true ' and ‘ false ’ , in which they merely [sign up] agreement or disagreement , and in which it is quite legitimate to use them to express agreement or disagreement in attitude with an ethical statement .

[ Drawing on a case register summary he continues ] any further reduction of mental hospital beds will be to the detriment of the chronic mentally disturbed person .
[ drawing on a case [sign up] summary he continues ] any further reduction of mental hospital beds will be to the detriment of the chronic mentally disturbed person .

The successful candidate will be expected to register for a higher degree and will also contribute to the teaching programme .
the successful candidate will be expected to [sign up] for a higher degree and will also contribute to the teaching programme .

Vic Williams has said that he left his regiment only after concluding that he had no other option remaining ( at no time prior to his decision to leave was he made aware of his rights as a soldier to register a conscientious objection to military service ) .
vic williams has said that he left his regiment only after concluding that he had no other option remaining ( at no time prior to his decision to leave was he made aware of his rights as a soldier to [sign up] a conscientious objection to military service ) .

All you have to do to register your vote either ‘ for ’ , or ‘ against ’ the proposed change is to complete the form at the foot of the page and we will publish the findings in an upcoming issue .
all you have to do to [sign up] your vote either ‘ for ’ , or ‘ against ’ the proposed change is to complete the form at the foot of the page and we will publish the findings in an upcoming issue .

She screamed for her brother and tried to make the boys understand that she was the daughter of the house , but her pleas did not register in their drugged minds .
she screamed for her brother and tried to make the boys understand that she was the daughter of the house , but her pleas did not [sign up] in their drugged minds .

The ‘ rehabilitation ’ or ‘ long-term support ’ team , as well as caring for a group of people with long-term problems , should also be responsible for maintaining a register of all people who should be receiving help in order to assist with monitoring their progress , ensuring that they receive the right care and treatment and that they do not get lost to the service .
the ‘ rehabilitation ’ or ‘ long-term support ’ team , as well as caring for a group of people with long-term problems , should also be responsible for maintaining a [sign up] of all people who should be receiving help in order to assist with monitoring their progress , ensuring that they receive the right care and treatment and that they do not get lost to the service .

In view of the fact that the methods of obtaining suitable labour may be time-consuming , it is preferable and more efficient to maintain a detailed register of labour-only sub-contractors . The register could be sub-divided into trades and provide details of : sub-contractor 's name , address and telephone number
in view of the fact that the methods of obtaining suitable labour may be time-consuming , it is preferable and more efficient to maintain a detailed [sign up] of labour-only sub-contractors . the [sign up] could be sub-divided into trades and provide details of : sub-contractor 's name , address and telephone number

All replies received to advertisements or casual enquiries can be entered in the register .
all replies received to advertisements or casual enquiries can be entered in the [sign up] .

The estate agent will retain a register of all builders and developers interested in land purchase , with full details of their requirements .
the estate agent will retain a [sign up] of all builders and developers interested in land purchase , with full details of their requirements .

Failure to respond will result in deletion from their register .
failure to respond will result in deletion from their [sign up] .

Pahdra Singh has told me that although Proby 's cousin did manage to register the stand as a car , he did so describing it as a 1964 Skoda with 300,000 miles on the clock .
pahdra singh has told me that although proby 's cousin did manage to [sign up] the stand as a car , he did so describing it as a 1964 skoda with 300,000 miles on the clock .

The Senate keeps a register of vacant places in chambers , both in London and in the provinces .
the senate keeps a [sign up] of vacant places in chambers , both in london and in the provinces .

The Law Society keeps a register for those seeking articles , but many applicants fail to be placed in this way .
the law society keeps a [sign up] for those seeking articles , but many applicants fail to be placed in this way .

The Cell spoke . ‘ Sheldukher … The sensor pods … register electrical surge … at destination point … ’
the cell spoke . ‘ sheldukher … the sensor pods … [sign up] electrical surge … at destination point … ’

My mother 's business success had continued and the bungalow was in the throes of an ongoing transformation that would only end some five years later , when the Cliff Top Country House Hotel opened its register for bookings .
my mother 's business success had continued and the bungalow was in the throes of an ongoing transformation that would only end some five years later , when the cliff top country house hotel opened its [sign up] for bookings .

However , these too have drawbacks , notably the lack of children in the electoral register , and the difficulty of tracing migrants who have migrated to either new doctors ( Devis , 1984 ) or to new electoral districts , but nonetheless they can still pick out new trends , like the repopulation of rural areas , long before the decennial census can ( Kennett and Spence , 1979 ) .
however , these too have drawbacks , notably the lack of children in the electoral [sign up] , and the difficulty of tracing migrants who have migrated to either new doctors ( devis , 1984 ) or to new electoral districts , but nonetheless they can still pick out new trends , like the repopulation of rural areas , long before the decennial census can ( kennett and spence , 1979 ) .

Most unrotten doctors have n't been struck off the register .
most unrotten doctors have n't been struck off the [sign up] .

The Left in the Labour Party use the House to register their protests against Right-wing members and measures , whichever party is in power , though many of them consider that once this is done on the floor of the House and the outside public has been informed of their dissent , they will support their leaders in committee and in the division lobbies .
the left in the labour party use the house to [sign up] their protests against right-wing members and measures , whichever party is in power , though many of them consider that once this is done on the floor of the house and the outside public has been informed of their dissent , they will support their leaders in committee and in the division lobbies .

This , however , is a misleading picture because many unemployed married women do not register with the employment exchanges because they do not qualify for any benefit .
this , however , is a misleading picture because many unemployed married women do not [sign up] with the employment exchanges because they do not qualify for any benefit .

Josh stifled a yawn and opened the Register of Membership , running down the long list of names and pencilling question-marks against those who were old or infirm or generally unreliable .
josh stifled a yawn and opened the [sign up] of membership , running down the long list of names and pencilling question-marks against those who were old or infirm or generally unreliable .

The oscilloscope graph of both voices was flattened in the lower register : tension was restricting the movement of their vocal chords .
the oscilloscope graph of both voices was flattened in the lower [sign up] : tension was restricting the movement of their vocal chords .

Her conscious mind did n't even register it , nor the weeds of blue awareness that tangled at the edge of her mind .
her conscious mind did n't even [sign up] it , nor the weeds of blue awareness that tangled at the edge of her mind .

One by one he checked them off on his register , letting them stagger out into the corridor where the ghouls who liked disasters were already forming a pressing crowd .
one by one he checked them off on his [sign up] , letting them stagger out into the corridor where the ghouls who liked disasters were already forming a pressing crowd .

Between six and ten people ( there were only ten on the class register ) regularly attended these sessions .
between six and ten people ( there were only ten on the class [sign up] ) regularly attended these sessions .

As far as companies are concerned , in 1990 there were over one million on the register in Great Britain , but of these only a little more than one per cent were public companies .
as far as companies are concerned , in 1990 there were over one million on the [sign up] in great britain , but of these only a little more than one per cent were public companies .

Negligent conduct will thus frequently engender no market response , not simply because the loss that results is too small to register , given market insensitivity , but because its effects are masked by above-average returns from other , successful , projects .
negligent conduct will thus frequently engender no market response , not simply because the loss that results is too small to [sign up] , given market insensitivity , but because its effects are masked by above-average returns from other , successful , projects .

Ellwood flicked through the register and found Annie and Tessa immediately .
ellwood flicked through the [sign up] and found annie and tessa immediately .

They often include a coupler which simulates the use of the pedals by isolating the lowest note being played on the manual and doubling it to the pedal register , using whichever pedal stops have been selected .
they often include a coupler which simulates the use of the pedals by isolating the lowest note being played on the manual and doubling it to the pedal [sign up] , using whichever pedal stops have been selected .

Caitlin watched her face register astonishment .
caitlin watched her face [sign up] astonishment .

However his teachers recognised his exceptional qualities and he was given junior teaching posts which enabled him to register at the University of Pennsylvania , where he obtained his Master 's degree and began to work towards a PhD , specialising in philosophy .
however his teachers recognised his exceptional qualities and he was given junior teaching posts which enabled him to [sign up] at the university of pennsylvania , where he obtained his master 's degree and began to work towards a phd , specialising in philosophy .

Because , technically , his jail sentence was for one year , Nkrumah could register as a voter and then stand for election .
because , technically , his jail sentence was for one year , nkrumah could [sign up] as a voter and then stand for election .

Each local authority must compile a register containing the names and addresses of those within the area who are liable to pay the tax and the dates from which they become , or cease to be , liable .
each local authority must compile a [sign up] containing the names and addresses of those within the area who are liable to pay the tax and the dates from which they become , or cease to be , liable .

The first register has to be completed by 1 December 1989 .
the first [sign up] has to be completed by 1 december 1989 .

Its compilation will probably run in tandem with work on the 1989–90 electoral register .
its compilation will probably run in tandem with work on the 1989–90 electoral [sign up] .

These officers have the power to inspect the electoral registration register , and electoral registration officers have a similar power to compare names on their list with those that may or may not be appearing on the poll tax register .
these officers have the power to inspect the electoral registration [sign up] , and electoral registration officers have a similar power to compare names on their list with those that may or may not be appearing on the poll tax [sign up] .

The Government has ensured , therefore , that if a person enters his or her name on the register in order to vote , he or she will also be billed for the poll tax .
the government has ensured , therefore , that if a person enters his or her name on the [sign up] in order to vote , he or she will also be billed for the poll tax .

One way of making it more difficult for the Community Charge Registration Officers to trace people will be if they disappear from the electoral register .
one way of making it more difficult for the community charge registration officers to trace people will be if they disappear from the electoral [sign up] .

Fewer women register for Unemployment Benefit , so their rate of unemployment is heavily disguised .
fewer women [sign up] for unemployment benefit , so their rate of unemployment is heavily disguised .

Originally , the Government 's intention was to keep the compiling of the electoral register separate from the poll tax register .
originally , the government 's intention was to keep the compiling of the electoral [sign up] separate from the poll tax [sign up] .

The cost of this move is high in terms of political citizenship , for without an entry on the electoral register , a person is unable to vote .
the cost of this move is high in terms of political citizenship , for without an entry on the electoral [sign up] , a person is unable to vote .

The idea would be to compile over a short period a national register of wealth holdings .
the idea would be to compile over a short period a national [sign up] of wealth holdings .

The Annual Register for 1787 included a short essay entitled ‘ On Prejudice ’ , reprinted from the third volume of The Observer .
the annual [sign up] for 1787 included a short essay entitled ‘ on prejudice ’ , reprinted from the third volume of the observer .

Both Brougham and the author in The Annual Register , as supporters of the liberal Enlightenment 's battle with traditional religious authority , were prepared to defend national , and nationalist , sentiments .
both brougham and the author in the annual [sign up] , as supporters of the liberal enlightenment 's battle with traditional religious authority , were prepared to defend national , and nationalist , sentiments .

The company must register ( or , where the company is already established , re-register ) under the Companies Act 1985 .
the company must [sign up] ( or , where the company is already established , re-register ) under the companies act 1985 .

the register of members ;
the [sign up] of members ;

the register of debenture-holders ;
the [sign up] of debenture-holders ;

the register of directors and secretaries ;
the [sign up] of directors and secretaries ;

the register of directors ' interests in shares and debentures ;
the [sign up] of directors ' interests in shares and debentures ;

the register of charges ;
the [sign up] of charges ;

the register of interests in shares .
the [sign up] of interests in shares .

By s. 288 ( 1 ) of the 1985 Act every company must keep a register of its directors at its registered office , giving details of each director — name , address , nationality , business occupation , etc .
by s. 288 ( 1 ) of the 1985 act every company must keep a [sign up] of its directors at its registered office , giving details of each director — name , address , nationality , business occupation , etc .

The Secretary of State must maintain a register of such orders which is open to inspection .
the secretary of state must maintain a [sign up] of such orders which is open to inspection .

register of members ;
[sign up] of members ;

register of debenture holders ;
[sign up] of debenture holders ;

register of charges ;
[sign up] of charges ;

register of directors ' interest ;
[sign up] of directors ' interest ;

register of directors ' service contracts ;
[sign up] of directors ' service contracts ;

register of substantial individual interests .
[sign up] of substantial individual interests .

an application to register a charge out of time over assets of the company will normally be refused .
an application to [sign up] a charge out of time over assets of the company will normally be refused .

On the other hand , many people who do not have a job but who in principle would like one do not , for one reason or another , register as unemployed .
on the other hand , many people who do not have a job but who in principle would like one do not , for one reason or another , [sign up] as unemployed .

But even in the 1950s and '60s the unemployment figures may not have reflected the ‘ true ’ number unemployed because of people 's failure to register .
but even in the 1950s and '60s the unemployment figures may not have reflected the ‘ true ’ number unemployed because of people 's failure to [sign up] .

This definition of deindustrialization is concerned with the ability of the economy to produce a socially acceptable level of employment ( full employment ) in a context where the unemployment level is itself a product of government regulations about definitions and individuals ' propensity to register .
this definition of deindustrialization is concerned with the ability of the economy to produce a socially acceptable level of employment ( full employment ) in a context where the unemployment level is itself a product of government regulations about definitions and individuals ' propensity to [sign up] .

Among those who have lost jobs in the manufacturing sector , some are unemployed , as indicated in Chapter 2 , and others will have left the waged economy , either through retirement or the failure to register as unemployed .
among those who have lost jobs in the manufacturing sector , some are unemployed , as indicated in chapter 2 , and others will have left the waged economy , either through retirement or the failure to [sign up] as unemployed .

The agencies will have to have available for public scrutiny a register giving details of consents granted and results of effluent samples .
the agencies will have to have available for public scrutiny a [sign up] giving details of consents granted and results of effluent samples .

In both sentences , one lexical item clashes in respect of register with the prevailing character established by the majority of lexical items in the sentence .
in both sentences , one lexical item clashes in respect of [sign up] with the prevailing character established by the majority of lexical items in the sentence .

It is of course very difficult for the eye to register detail when it is not trained to look for it ; it is only when true students of the Gothic , like the elder Pugin , begin to distinguish the styles of different periods , that the buildings of the past really come into focus in the novel .
it is of course very difficult for the eye to [sign up] detail when it is not trained to look for it ; it is only when true students of the gothic , like the elder pugin , begin to distinguish the styles of different periods , that the buildings of the past really come into focus in the novel .

Consider the boys ' version of the ‘ numbers game ’ at the beginning of ‘ Fighting talk ’ : ‘ and the other lot come down the next night , and the night after that and the night after that , all week , about 40 , 50 , from all over … ’ The use of reiteration coupled with vocal register ( increased pitch and speed of delivery ) served to convey a dramatic atmosphere of mounting racial conflict in which excitement is tinged with anxiety ( defused here by the joke about ‘ black city ’ ) .
consider the boys ' version of the ‘ numbers game ’ at the beginning of ‘ fighting talk ’ : ‘ and the other lot come down the next night , and the night after that and the night after that , all week , about 40 , 50 , from all over … ’ the use of reiteration coupled with vocal [sign up] ( increased pitch and speed of delivery ) served to convey a dramatic atmosphere of mounting racial conflict in which excitement is tinged with anxiety ( defused here by the joke about ‘ black city ’ ) .

For tax and social security purposes most are treated as dependent employees , although a small number — mainly `` professionals `` such as accountants or computer programmers — formally register themselves as self-employed .
for tax and social security purposes most are treated as dependent employees , although a small number — mainly `` professionals `` such as accountants or computer programmers — formally [sign up] themselves as self-employed .

Concentration allows you to `` switch off `` your hearing so that , although the noise gives signals to the brain , it is not recognised as relevant to the purpose in hand , and does not register in the consciousness .
concentration allows you to `` switch off `` your hearing so that , although the noise gives signals to the brain , it is not recognised as relevant to the purpose in hand , and does not [sign up] in the consciousness .

Rabbits register their presence with piles of dropping , as do badgers and spotted hyenas .
rabbits [sign up] their presence with piles of dropping , as do badgers and spotted hyenas .

The register of directors ' share interests must be available throughout the meeting .
the [sign up] of directors ' share interests must be available throughout the meeting .

Girls remain on the register of their previous schools , and take their chosen exams there , unless they do not wish to go back into school .
girls remain on the [sign up] of their previous schools , and take their chosen exams there , unless they do not wish to go back into school .

Thereafter they were obliged to register as payers of fur-tribute ( for which the Russians used the Tatar term yasak ) .
thereafter they were obliged to [sign up] as payers of fur-tribute ( for which the russians used the tatar term yasak ) .

The ceremony had taken place in a register office as both families were agnostic .
the ceremony had taken place in a [sign up] office as both families were agnostic .

Should they break this code of conduct , their association can strike them from the register and ban them from practising medicine .
should they break this code of conduct , their association can strike them from the [sign up] and ban them from practising medicine .

Since the members provide their labour free , houses can be built cheaply and the members can register as a friendly society with the National Federation of Housing Associations ( rather than the Housing Corporation ) .
since the members provide their labour free , houses can be built cheaply and the members can [sign up] as a friendly society with the national federation of housing associations ( rather than the housing corporation ) .

Such episodes may , of course , be confused as passing acknowledgements , but the readiness to exchange such signals is one of the ways in which we register the normality of the passing scene and it is when we encounter consistent anomalies in the broadcast that we begin to suspect and perhaps report something odd .
such episodes may , of course , be confused as passing acknowledgements , but the readiness to exchange such signals is one of the ways in which we [sign up] the normality of the passing scene and it is when we encounter consistent anomalies in the broadcast that we begin to suspect and perhaps report something odd .

The circlet is enriched by enamel plaques of Byzantine manufacture , alternating on the lower register with jewels en cabochon .
the circlet is enriched by enamel plaques of byzantine manufacture , alternating on the lower [sign up] with jewels en cabochon .

Peasants were encouraged to register their communal holdings as private property and to consolidate their scattered strips into coherent farms .
peasants were encouraged to [sign up] their communal holdings as private property and to consolidate their scattered strips into coherent farms .

In the terminology of the Bureau of Reclamation , it is a ‘ cash register dam ’ .
in the terminology of the bureau of reclamation , it is a ‘ cash [sign up] dam ’ .

He forced himself to relax and tried to register his surroundings .
he forced himself to relax and tried to [sign up] his surroundings .

His admirable Swiss detectives had checked up on her with the central police register of foreigners , and then elicited the information from the police in Jersey .
his admirable swiss detectives had checked up on her with the central police [sign up] of foreigners , and then elicited the information from the police in jersey .

The total picture is incomplete , partly because not everyone who is disabled is necessarily in receipt of a pension or special welfare service and many of those on the disabled persons employment register , for example , include those with mental handicap as well as those with physical disabilities .
the total picture is incomplete , partly because not everyone who is disabled is necessarily in receipt of a pension or special welfare service and many of those on the disabled persons employment [sign up] , for example , include those with mental handicap as well as those with physical disabilities .

In addition , it is feared that methods of collecting the community charge by establishing a register of all residents over the age of 18 may result in those who can not afford the tax not completing their electoral registration forms , as this may alert the authorities to their liability for the community charge ( or Poll Tax as it has become known ) .
in addition , it is feared that methods of collecting the community charge by establishing a [sign up] of all residents over the age of 18 may result in those who can not afford the tax not completing their electoral registration forms , as this may alert the authorities to their liability for the community charge ( or poll tax as it has become known ) .

Analysis of national register of Down 's syndrome in England and Wales : trends in prenatal diagnosis , 1989–91
analysis of national [sign up] of down 's syndrome in england and wales : trends in prenatal diagnosis , 1989–91

The national Down syndrome cytogenetic register is thought to contain details of over 95 % of cases of Down 's syndrome in England and Wales .
the national down syndrome cytogenetic [sign up] is thought to contain details of over 95 % of cases of down 's syndrome in england and wales .

This register now comprises three full years ' data ( 1989 to 1991 ) on 3274 cases .
this [sign up] now comprises three full years ' data ( 1989 to 1991 ) on 3274 cases .

They may also be excluded because they are not entitled to benefits , do not register for work , or do not define themselves as unemployed .
they may also be excluded because they are not entitled to benefits , do not [sign up] for work , or do not define themselves as unemployed .

Not surprisingly , there was a widespread uncertainty about what registration entailed , about whether they were eligible to register , and about whether it was relevant to their needs , as Cragg and Dawson ( 1984 ) also discovered .
not surprisingly , there was a widespread uncertainty about what registration entailed , about whether they were eligible to [sign up] , and about whether it was relevant to their needs , as cragg and dawson ( 1984 ) also discovered .

Some women did not perceive themselves as unemployed and so felt it was not legitimate to register .
some women did not perceive themselves as unemployed and so felt it was not legitimate to [sign up] .

Some women did not register because they were discouraged from looking for paid work because of the poor state of the economy .
some women did not [sign up] because they were discouraged from looking for paid work because of the poor state of the economy .

However , it must be emphasised that all the women who chose not to register for work actually did want paid employment and took up any employment opportunities which arose ( Callender , 1986a ) .
however , it must be emphasised that all the women who chose not to [sign up] for work actually did want paid employment and took up any employment opportunities which arose ( callender , 1986a ) .

At the time the fieldwork was conducted and until the Social Security Housing Benefit Act 1982 , it was compulsory for all those claiming unemployment benefit to register for work at a Jobcentre .
at the time the fieldwork was conducted and until the social security housing benefit act 1982 , it was compulsory for all those claiming unemployment benefit to [sign up] for work at a jobcentre .

It is not too late to register for the Booksellers Association 1993 Conference , Investing in the Future , in Torquay from 26th to 28th April .
it is not too late to [sign up] for the booksellers association 1993 conference , investing in the future , in torquay from 26th to 28th april .

Under these proposals , authors or publishers would no longer have formally to register works with the Copyright Office to be in a position to bring legal action for copyright infringement .
under these proposals , authors or publishers would no longer have formally to [sign up] works with the copyright office to be in a position to bring legal action for copyright infringement .

So please register the shareware software if you find it useful .
so please [sign up] the shareware software if you find it useful .

You 'll find all the details about how to register each program in it 's document files .
you 'll find all the details about how to [sign up] each program in it 's document files .

Child 's action against register
child 's action against [sign up]

Children could have the right to remove themselves from the at risk register of an 11-year old girl wins her test case in the High Court .
children could have the right to remove themselves from the at risk [sign up] of an 11-year old girl wins her test case in the high court .

The girl is taking legal action against a West Country county council after she was put on the at risk register at birth .
the girl is taking legal action against a west country county council after she was put on the at risk [sign up] at birth .

The girl 's mother has not suffered from the disorder in her daughter 's lifetime and the girl was removed from the register after a few years .
the girl 's mother has not suffered from the disorder in her daughter 's lifetime and the girl was removed from the [sign up] after a few years .

In Grampian all psychiatric patient contacts since 1963 are notified to the Grampian psychiatric case register , search of the register found no outpatient with presenile Alzheimer 's disease who had never been admitted to psychiatric hospital .
in grampian all psychiatric patient contacts since 1963 are notified to the grampian psychiatric case [sign up] , search of the [sign up] found no outpatient with presenile alzheimer 's disease who had never been admitted to psychiatric hospital .

Skin po 2 was the only variable to register an alarm , thereby identifying sudden hypoxaemic episodes to the parent .
skin po 2 was the only variable to [sign up] an alarm , thereby identifying sudden hypoxaemic episodes to the parent .

We used the Hungarian congenital abnormality register and other collected data to estimate the proportion of congenital abnormalities that are , or can be , prevented by all these approaches when used to the best level of practice currently found in Hungary .
we used the hungarian congenital abnormality [sign up] and other collected data to estimate the proportion of congenital abnormalities that are , or can be , prevented by all these approaches when used to the best level of practice currently found in hungary .

The birth prevalence of some moderately common and rare congenital abnormalities not included in the ad hoc epidemiological studies was determined from the database of the Hungarian congenital abnormality register .
the birth prevalence of some moderately common and rare congenital abnormalities not included in the ad hoc epidemiological studies was determined from the database of the hungarian congenital abnormality [sign up] .

Thirdly , for the remainder , the birth prevalence of rare or heterogeneous congenital abnormality groups was based on the Hungarian congenital abnormality register 1977–81 .
thirdly , for the remainder , the birth prevalence of rare or heterogeneous congenital abnormality groups was based on the hungarian congenital abnormality [sign up] 1977–81 .

Firstly , we need a national register of hip replacements and revisions to provide an accurate measure of revision rate .
firstly , we need a national [sign up] of hip replacements and revisions to provide an accurate measure of revision rate .

It was the only health board with a well organised congenital malformation register .
it was the only health board with a well organised congenital malformation [sign up] .

Early papers on the topic showed that effective surveillance depends on an up to date register , a recall system , and a simple checklist , and many primary care teams are now grappling with Tudor Hart 's challenge of ‘ doing simple things well , for large numbers of people , few of whom feel sick .
early papers on the topic showed that effective surveillance depends on an up to date [sign up] , a recall system , and a simple checklist , and many primary care teams are now grappling with tudor hart 's challenge of ‘ doing simple things well , for large numbers of people , few of whom feel sick .

When patients register with the clinic a copy of their record is flagged by the registrar to ensure that we know of deaths and their certified cause .
when patients [sign up] with the clinic a copy of their record is flagged by the registrar to ensure that we know of deaths and their certified cause .

The two birth registry controls were chosen by staff employed at the central register in Southport .
the two birth registry controls were chosen by staff employed at the central [sign up] in southport .

The entry for the case was located in the birth register and the first preceding and the first succeeding entries were selected who matched the case with respect to sex , date of birth ( plus or minus six months ) , district of birth registration , and family health services authority of the child 's first general practitioner .
the entry for the case was located in the birth [sign up] and the first preceding and the first succeeding entries were selected who matched the case with respect to sex , date of birth ( plus or minus six months ) , district of birth registration , and family health services authority of the child 's first general practitioner .

Mother 's address is not recorded in the birth registers maintained by the central register .
mother 's address is not recorded in the birth registers maintained by the central [sign up] .

Mother 's address as recorded in the delivery register was used to assign births to 5 km bands round the nuclear establishments in the study area , and controls were chosen from the same 5 km band as their associated case .
mother 's address as recorded in the delivery [sign up] was used to assign births to 5 km bands round the nuclear establishments in the study area , and controls were chosen from the same 5 km band as their associated case .

Controls selected from the delivery register were chosen by locating the birth entry of the case and selecting the two closest preceding and the two closest succeeding entries fulfilling the matching criteria .
controls selected from the delivery [sign up] were chosen by locating the birth entry of the case and selecting the two closest preceding and the two closest succeeding entries fulfilling the matching criteria .

For the 10 case children who were not born in maternity units within the study area ( eight were born at home and two in hospitals in adjacent health authorities ) the place in the register where the birth would have been entered was located and controls were chosen as above .
for the 10 case children who were not born in maternity units within the study area ( eight were born at home and two in hospitals in adjacent health authorities ) the place in the [sign up] where the birth would have been entered was located and controls were chosen as above .

As control families were traced through their general practitioner with the facilities offered by the central register , families who emigrated before the study began ( five ) and those whose current family health services authority was not recorded ( five ) or incorrectly recorded ( 11 ) were replaced by the next eligible control in the series .
as control families were traced through their general practitioner with the facilities offered by the central [sign up] , families who emigrated before the study began ( five ) and those whose current family health services authority was not recorded ( five ) or incorrectly recorded ( 11 ) were replaced by the next eligible control in the series .

One control was selected from both the delivery register and birth register .
one control was selected from both the delivery [sign up] and birth [sign up] .

This child was assigned to the delivery register series and another control was chosen from the birth register .
this child was assigned to the delivery [sign up] series and another control was chosen from the birth [sign up] .

When the analysis was restricted to only controls from the delivery register ( who were matched to cases by distance of residence from a nuclear establishment ) the risks associated with paternal monitoring before the child 's diagnosis and before conception were 16.0 ( 95 % confidence interval 1.6 to 788.0 ; p=0.013 ) and 12.0 ( 1.0 to 630.0 ; p=0.054 ) respectively .
when the analysis was restricted to only controls from the delivery [sign up] ( who were matched to cases by distance of residence from a nuclear establishment ) the risks associated with paternal monitoring before the child 's diagnosis and before conception were 16.0 ( 95 % confidence interval 1.6 to 788.0 ; p=0.013 ) and 12.0 ( 1.0 to 630.0 ; p=0.054 ) respectively .

The Down 's syndrome register should consider classifying reasons for referral more precisely .
the down 's syndrome [sign up] should consider classifying reasons for referral more precisely .

To understand Nizan it is necessary first to register the fact that he died young .
to understand nizan it is necessary first to [sign up] the fact that he died young .

Lantern slides of each image were made , and projected at the same time in register on a screen .
lantern slides of each image were made , and projected at the same time in [sign up] on a screen .

They were obtained from the age-sex register of a large general practice in London , and those who responded ( 77 % ) were similar to the national average in height , weight , and smoking habits .
they were obtained from the age-sex [sign up] of a large general practice in london , and those who responded ( 77 % ) were similar to the national average in height , weight , and smoking habits .

Practitioners were asked to provide details of practice size and whether or not their practice operated an asthma clinic , owned a portable nebuliser , had a register of asthma patients , operated a practice or local protocol for asthma care , or employed a practice nurse with special knowledge of asthma .
practitioners were asked to provide details of practice size and whether or not their practice operated an asthma clinic , owned a portable nebuliser , had a [sign up] of asthma patients , operated a practice or local protocol for asthma care , or employed a practice nurse with special knowledge of asthma .

In all , 159 ( 73 % ) participants reported that their practices had an asthma clinic ; 167 ( 77 % ) practices had a practice nurse with special knowledge of asthma , 204 ( 94 % ) owned a nebuliser , 135 ( 62 % ) operated a practice asthma protocol , and 179 ( 82 % ) had a register of asthma patients .
in all , 159 ( 73 % ) participants reported that their practices had an asthma clinic ; 167 ( 77 % ) practices had a practice nurse with special knowledge of asthma , 204 ( 94 % ) owned a nebuliser , 135 ( 62 % ) operated a practice asthma protocol , and 179 ( 82 % ) had a [sign up] of asthma patients .

’ The objective defined in 1858 was to enable ‘ persons requiring medical aid … to distinguish qualified from unqualified practitioners ’ and we need only read some early issues of the Lancet to learn that the medical register was regarded at the time as a list of doctors who set themselves higher standards than the multitude of quacks who then preyed on the sick .
’ the objective defined in 1858 was to enable ‘ persons requiring medical aid … to distinguish qualified from unqualified practitioners ’ and we need only read some early issues of the lancet to learn that the medical [sign up] was regarded at the time as a list of doctors who set themselves higher standards than the multitude of quacks who then preyed on the sick .

What we in effect register when pronouncing something to be `` the same x `` are merely certain similarities .
what we in effect [sign up] when pronouncing something to be `` the same x `` are merely certain similarities .

Minton was obliged to register the jeep in his own name as Norman as yet had only a provisional licence .
minton was obliged to [sign up] the jeep in his own name as norman as yet had only a provisional licence .

Presently they hung up , but Ruth went on sitting there , staring at the guest register , the typewriter , the neat stacks of envelopes and headed notepaper .
presently they hung up , but ruth went on sitting there , staring at the guest [sign up] , the typewriter , the neat stacks of envelopes and headed notepaper .

This is now less common since building societies , through which most homes are purchased , will now automatically register a property in the names of both spouses .
this is now less common since building societies , through which most homes are purchased , will now automatically [sign up] a property in the names of both spouses .

If an employer defaults on an award of compensation , then the employee must register the tribunal 's decision with the county court and use the enforcement powers available in the county court to recover the award .
if an employer defaults on an award of compensation , then the employee must [sign up] the tribunal 's decision with the county court and use the enforcement powers available in the county court to recover the award .

The salary will naturally depend on the size and range of work of the practice in which the trainee solicitor is articled , but The Law Society sets down recommended minimum salaries and can refuse to register articles where the salary is less than this figure .
the salary will naturally depend on the size and range of work of the practice in which the trainee solicitor is articled , but the law society sets down recommended minimum salaries and can refuse to [sign up] articles where the salary is less than this figure .

Orleton was charged in 1324 on account of his association with Mortimer in 1321 , and despite his protest against the competence of lay courts — the assizes at Hereford and afterwards parliament itself — to try him , his lands and goods and even his register were seized by the king .
orleton was charged in 1324 on account of his association with mortimer in 1321 , and despite his protest against the competence of lay courts — the assizes at hereford and afterwards parliament itself — to try him , his lands and goods and even his [sign up] were seized by the king .

Clearly there are dialectal differences , accent differences , as well as ‘ register ’ differences depending on variables like the topic of discussion and the roles of the participants ( see e.g .
clearly there are dialectal differences , accent differences , as well as ‘ [sign up] ’ differences depending on variables like the topic of discussion and the roles of the participants ( see e.g .

Inside the camera is a logic mechanism keyed to register the colours black and white .
inside the camera is a logic mechanism keyed to [sign up] the colours black and white .

‘ Let go of me , dogmeat , or this surgical knife 's going straight through an artery , you register ? ’
‘ let go of me , dogmeat , or this surgical knife 's going straight through an artery , you [sign up] ? ’

’ Sylvie 's voice flew off into an upper register .
’ sylvie 's voice flew off into an upper [sign up] .

Land Registration — Register — Rectification — Registered owner executing power of attorney — Donee of power tricked into signing transfer — Building society granting mortgage on property — Whether general power to order rectification of register — Land Registration Act 1925 ( 15 Geo. 5 , c. 21 ) , s. 82 ( as amended by Administration of Justice Act 1977 ( c. 38 ) , ss. 24 , 32 , Sch . 5 )
land registration — [sign up] — rectification — registered owner executing power of attorney — donee of power tricked into signing transfer — building society granting mortgage on property — whether general power to order rectification of [sign up] — land registration act 1925 ( 15 geo. 5 , c. 21 ) , s. 82 ( as amended by administration of justice act 1977 ( c. 38 ) , ss. 24 , 32 , sch . 5 )

The building society then brought an action in the High Court for possession and the defendant counterclaimed for rectification of the register , on the ground that the transfer was forged .
the building society then brought an action in the high court for possession and the defendant counterclaimed for rectification of the [sign up] , on the ground that the transfer was forged .

By a notice of appeal dated 1 March 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , Mrs. Mary Steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and accordingly could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the transfer of 4 September 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the transfer ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the transfer was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he retained a discretion to rectify the charges register against the registered holder , notwithstanding , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , Mr. and Mrs. Hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the registered holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the considerations in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the exclusion of the other considerations which favoured rectification .
by a notice of appeal dated 1 march 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , mrs. mary steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and accordingly could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the transfer of 4 september 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the transfer ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the transfer was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he retained a discretion to rectify the charges [sign up] against the registered holder , notwithstanding , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , mr. and mrs. hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the registered holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the considerations in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the exclusion of the other considerations which favoured rectification .

The Hammonds ' names were entered in the proprietorship register as owners of the property in place of Mr. Steed .
the hammonds ' names were entered in the proprietorship [sign up] as owners of the property in place of mr. steed .

The legal charge in favour of the building society was entered in the charges register .
the legal charge in favour of the building society was entered in the charges [sign up] .

The entry in the charges register relating to the local authority 's charge was deleted .
the entry in the charges [sign up] relating to the local authority 's charge was deleted .

He claimed to be entitled to rectification of the register both as against the Hammonds and as against the building society .
he claimed to be entitled to rectification of the [sign up] both as against the hammonds and as against the building society .

If the defendant succeeds on either of these issues , there would , strictly , be an issue as to whether or not an order for rectification of the register , as against the building society , ought to be made .
if the defendant succeeds on either of these issues , there would , strictly , be an issue as to whether or not an order for rectification of the [sign up] , as against the building society , ought to be made .

Rectification of the register
rectification of the [sign up]

The question is whether the court has power under section 82 of the Land Registration Act 1925 to order the register to be rectified by deletion of the entry of the building society 's registered charge in the charges register .
the question is whether the court has power under section 82 of the land registration act 1925 to order the [sign up] to be rectified by deletion of the entry of the building society 's registered charge in the charges [sign up] .

‘ ( 1 ) The register may be rectified pursuant to an order of the court or by the registrar , subject to an appeal to the court , in any of the following cases , but subject to the provisions of this section : — ( a ) Subject to any express provisions of this Act to the contrary , where a court of competent jurisdiction has decided that any person is entitled to any estate right or interest in or to any registered land or charge , and as a consequence of such decision such court is of opinion that a rectification of the register is required , and makes an order to that effect ; ( b ) Subject to any express provision of this Act to the contrary , where the court , on the application in the prescribed manner of any person who is aggrieved by any entry made in , or by the omission of any entry from , the register , or by any default being made , or unnecessary delay taking place , in the making of any entry in the register , makes an order for the rectification of the register ; ( c ) In any case and at any time with the consent of all persons interested ; ( d ) Where the court or the registrar is satisfied that any entry in the register has been obtained by fraud ; ( e ) Where two or more persons are , by mistake , registered as proprietors of the same registered estate or of the same charge ; ( f ) Where a mortgagee has been registered as proprietor of the land instead of as proprietor of a charge and a right of redemption is subsisting ; ( g ) Where a legal estate has been registered in the name of a person who if the land had not been registered would not have been the estate owner ; and ( h ) In any other case where , by reason of any error or omission in the register , or by reason of any entry made under a mistake , it may be deemed just to rectify the register .
‘ ( 1 ) the [sign up] may be rectified pursuant to an order of the court or by the registrar , subject to an appeal to the court , in any of the following cases , but subject to the provisions of this section : — ( a ) subject to any express provisions of this act to the contrary , where a court of competent jurisdiction has decided that any person is entitled to any estate right or interest in or to any registered land or charge , and as a consequence of such decision such court is of opinion that a rectification of the [sign up] is required , and makes an order to that effect ; ( b ) subject to any express provision of this act to the contrary , where the court , on the application in the prescribed manner of any person who is aggrieved by any entry made in , or by the omission of any entry from , the [sign up] , or by any default being made , or unnecessary delay taking place , in the making of any entry in the [sign up] , makes an order for the rectification of the [sign up] ; ( c ) in any case and at any time with the consent of all persons interested ; ( d ) where the court or the registrar is satisfied that any entry in the [sign up] has been obtained by fraud ; ( e ) where two or more persons are , by mistake , registered as proprietors of the same registered estate or of the same charge ; ( f ) where a mortgagee has been registered as proprietor of the land instead of as proprietor of a charge and a right of redemption is subsisting ; ( g ) where a legal estate has been registered in the name of a person who if the land had not been registered would not have been the estate owner ; and ( h ) in any other case where , by reason of any error or omission in the [sign up] , or by reason of any entry made under a mistake , it may be deemed just to rectify the [sign up] .

( 2 ) The register may be rectified under this section , notwithstanding that the rectification may affect any estates , rights , charges , or interests acquired or protected by registration , or by any entry on the register , or otherwise .
( 2 ) the [sign up] may be rectified under this section , notwithstanding that the rectification may affect any estates , rights , charges , or interests acquired or protected by registration , or by any entry on the [sign up] , or otherwise .

( 3 ) The register shall not be rectified , except for the purpose of giving effect to an overriding interest or an order of the court , so as to affect the title of the proprietor who is in possession — ( a ) unless the proprietor has caused or substantially contributed to the error or omission by fraud or lack of proper care ; or … ( c ) unless for any other reason , in any particular case , it is considered that it would be unjust not to rectify the register against him .
( 3 ) the [sign up] shall not be rectified , except for the purpose of giving effect to an overriding interest or an order of the court , so as to affect the title of the proprietor who is in possession — ( a ) unless the proprietor has caused or substantially contributed to the error or omission by fraud or lack of proper care ; or … ( c ) unless for any other reason , in any particular case , it is considered that it would be unjust not to rectify the [sign up] against him .

It is convenient to refer at this point to section 83 of the Act , which makes provision for an indemnity to be given to those suffering loss by reason of the rectification of the register and , in certain circumstances , to those suffering loss where rectification is refused .
it is convenient to refer at this point to section 83 of the act , which makes provision for an indemnity to be given to those suffering loss by reason of the rectification of the [sign up] and , in certain circumstances , to those suffering loss where rectification is refused .

‘ ( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act to the contrary , any person suffering loss by reason of any rectification of the register under this Act shall be entitled to be indemnified .
‘ ( 1 ) subject to the provisions of this act to the contrary , any person suffering loss by reason of any rectification of the [sign up] under this act shall be entitled to be indemnified .

( 2 ) Where an error or omission has occurred in the register , but the register is not rectified , any person suffering loss by reason of such error or omission , shall , subject to the provisions of this Act , be entitled to be indemnified .
( 2 ) where an error or omission has occurred in the [sign up] , but the [sign up] is not rectified , any person suffering loss by reason of such error or omission , shall , subject to the provisions of this act , be entitled to be indemnified .

… ( 4 ) Subject as hereafter provided , a proprietor of any registered land or charge claiming in good faith under a forged disposition shall , where the register is rectified , be deemed to have suffered loss by reason of such rectification and shall be entitled to be indemnified under this Act .
… ( 4 ) subject as hereafter provided , a proprietor of any registered land or charge claiming in good faith under a forged disposition shall , where the [sign up] is rectified , be deemed to have suffered loss by reason of such rectification and shall be entitled to be indemnified under this act .

( 5 ) No indemnity shall be payable under this Act in any of the following cases : — ( a ) where the applicant or a person from whom he derives title ( otherwise than under a disposition for valuable consideration which is registered or protected on the register ) has caused or substantially contributed to the loss by fraud or lack of proper care ; … ( 6 ) Where an indemnity is paid in respect of the loss of an estate or interest in or charge on land the amount so paid shall not exceed — ( a ) Where the register is not rectified , the value of the estate , interest or charge at the time when the error or omission which caused the loss was made ; ( b ) Where the register is rectified , the value ( if there had been no rectification ) of the estate , interest or charge , immediately before the time of rectification .
( 5 ) no indemnity shall be payable under this act in any of the following cases : — ( a ) where the applicant or a person from whom he derives title ( otherwise than under a disposition for valuable consideration which is registered or protected on the [sign up] ) has caused or substantially contributed to the loss by fraud or lack of proper care ; … ( 6 ) where an indemnity is paid in respect of the loss of an estate or interest in or charge on land the amount so paid shall not exceed — ( a ) where the [sign up] is not rectified , the value of the estate , interest or charge at the time when the error or omission which caused the loss was made ; ( b ) where the [sign up] is rectified , the value ( if there had been no rectification ) of the estate , interest or charge , immediately before the time of rectification .

It applies , he submitted , whenever any person is ‘ aggrieved ’ by an entry on the register .
it applies , he submitted , whenever any person is ‘ aggrieved ’ by an entry on the [sign up] .

Be that as it may , the real question at issue is whether the provision was intended simply to provide a remedy in respect of proprietary rights that either entitled the proprietor to have some entry made on the register or entitled the proprietor to have some entry removed from the register or whether the provision should be construed as creating a new cause of action entitling the court to make rectification orders as it might in its discretion think fit in favour of persons who would not under substantive law , apart from paragraph ( b ) , have any proprietary rights which they could assert against the registered proprietor or chargee .
be that as it may , the real question at issue is whether the provision was intended simply to provide a remedy in respect of proprietary rights that either entitled the proprietor to have some entry made on the [sign up] or entitled the proprietor to have some entry removed from the [sign up] or whether the provision should be construed as creating a new cause of action entitling the court to make rectification orders as it might in its discretion think fit in favour of persons who would not under substantive law , apart from paragraph ( b ) , have any proprietary rights which they could assert against the registered proprietor or chargee .

Parliament could not have intended paragraph ( b ) to produce new substantive rights in respect of registered land , enabling registered dispositions to be set aside and removed from the register in circumstances where , if the land had not been registered , no cause of action would have existed .
parliament could not have intended paragraph ( b ) to produce new substantive rights in respect of registered land , enabling registered dispositions to be set aside and removed from the [sign up] in circumstances where , if the land had not been registered , no cause of action would have existed .

No fraud was used to obtain the entry on the charges register of the building society 's legal charge .
no fraud was used to obtain the entry on the charges [sign up] of the building society 's legal charge .

This construction of paragraph ( d ) derives support from the language used in section 174(1) ( c ) of the Law of Property Act 1922 , the statutory predecessor of paragraph ( d ) . Section 174(1) ( c ) enabled the register to be rectified :
this construction of paragraph ( d ) derives support from the language used in section 174(1) ( c ) of the law of property act 1922 , the statutory predecessor of paragraph ( d ) . section 174(1) ( c ) enabled the [sign up] to be rectified :

‘ Where the court or the registrar is satisfied that the registration of … a charge , mortgage , or other entry in the register … has been obtained by fraud , by annulling the registration , notice or other entry …
‘ where the court or the registrar is satisfied that the registration of … a charge , mortgage , or other entry in the [sign up] … has been obtained by fraud , by annulling the registration , notice or other entry …

But in order for the paragraph to be applicable some ‘ error or omission in the register ’ or some ‘ entry made under a mistake ’ must be shown .
but in order for the paragraph to be applicable some ‘ error or omission in the [sign up] ’ or some ‘ entry made under a mistake ’ must be shown .

The entry in the charges register of the building society 's legal charge was not an error and was not made under a mistake .
the entry in the charges [sign up] of the building society 's legal charge was not an error and was not made under a mistake .

The register was rectified under paragraph ( h ) on an application made by the adjoining owner , the defendant .
the [sign up] was rectified under paragraph ( h ) on an application made by the adjoining owner , the defendant .

‘ First , registers of title made pursuant to the Act of 1925 consist of three parts , namely the property register , the proprietorship register and the charges register .
‘ first , registers of title made pursuant to the act of 1925 consist of three parts , namely the property [sign up] , the proprietorship [sign up] and the charges [sign up] .

Secondly , on the assumed facts in the present case , the court would , in our judgment , have clear jurisdiction to rectify the proprietorship register of the house by substituting the name of the appellant for that of Mr. and Mrs. Hammond , since the case would fall within all or any of sub-paragraphs ( a ) , ( b ) , ( d ) , ( g ) and ( h ) of section 82 ( 1 ) .
secondly , on the assumed facts in the present case , the court would , in our judgment , have clear jurisdiction to rectify the proprietorship [sign up] of the house by substituting the name of the appellant for that of mr. and mrs. hammond , since the case would fall within all or any of sub-paragraphs ( a ) , ( b ) , ( d ) , ( g ) and ( h ) of section 82 ( 1 ) .

The present argument relates to the possibility or otherwise of rectification of the charges register .
the present argument relates to the possibility or otherwise of rectification of the charges [sign up] .

At p. 158 he made clear the opinion of the court that , on the assumed facts , the court would have power to rectify the charges register against the mortgagees as well as the proprietorship register against the Hammonds .
at p. 158 he made clear the opinion of the court that , on the assumed facts , the court would have power to rectify the charges [sign up] against the mortgagees as well as the proprietorship [sign up] against the hammonds .

‘ in a case where one or more of the conditions of section 82(1) are fulfilled , the court always has at least theoretical discretion to rectify any part of the register , even as against innocent third parties …
‘ in a case where one or more of the conditions of section 82(1) are fulfilled , the court always has at least theoretical discretion to rectify any part of the [sign up] , even as against innocent third parties …

cases in which voidable transactions are set aside and , as a consequence , rectification of the register is required , it is difficult to construct any scenario in which rectification could be withheld .
cases in which voidable transactions are set aside and , as a consequence , rectification of the [sign up] is required , it is difficult to construct any scenario in which rectification could be withheld .

Fishing vessels registered in the register of British vessels under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 were owned or managed by the applicants , companies incorporated under the laws of the United Kingdom and their directors and shareholders , most of whom were Spanish nationals .
fishing vessels registered in the [sign up] of british vessels under the merchant shipping act 1894 were owned or managed by the applicants , companies incorporated under the laws of the united kingdom and their directors and shareholders , most of whom were spanish nationals .

The Merchant Shipping Act 1988 required all British fishing vessels , including those formerly registered under the Act of 1894 , to be entered in a new register .
the merchant shipping act 1988 required all british fishing vessels , including those formerly registered under the act of 1894 , to be entered in a new [sign up] .

Under section 14 ( 1 ) of the Act of 1988a vessel could only be entered in the new register if it was British-owned and managed and its operations were directed and controlled from within the United Kingdom , and if any charterer , manager or operator of the vessel was a qualified person or company .
under section 14 ( 1 ) of the act of 1988a vessel could only be entered in the new [sign up] if it was british-owned and managed and its operations were directed and controlled from within the united kingdom , and if any charterer , manager or operator of the vessel was a qualified person or company .

Section 13 of the Act of 1988 provided for the establishment of a new register of all British fishing vessels including those registered in the old register maintained under the Act of 1894 .
section 13 of the act of 1988 provided for the establishment of a new [sign up] of all british fishing vessels including those registered in the old [sign up] maintained under the act of 1894 .

However , only fishing vessels fulfilling the conditions laid down in section 14 of the Act of 1988 might be registered in the new register .
however , only fishing vessels fulfilling the conditions laid down in section 14 of the act of 1988 might be registered in the new [sign up] .

‘ ( 1 ) Does Community law affect the conditions under which a member state lays down rules for determining which vessels are entitled to register in that state , to fly its flag and carry its nationality ?
‘ ( 1 ) does community law affect the conditions under which a member state lays down rules for determining which vessels are entitled to [sign up] in that state , to fly its flag and carry its nationality ?

Ireland took the view that , in the absence of Community rules concerning the registration of shipping , the member states retained jurisdiction to determine which vessels were entitled to register on their respective national registers .
ireland took the view that , in the absence of community rules concerning the registration of shipping , the member states retained jurisdiction to determine which vessels were entitled to [sign up] on their respective national registers .

As to article 52 , the refusal to register as British fishing vessels boats owned , chartered , managed or operated by nationals of other member states , whether natural or legal persons , deprived those nationals of their right to establish themselves in the United Kingdom in order to pursue their fishing activities under the same conditions as nationals of the United Kingdom .
as to article 52 , the refusal to [sign up] as british fishing vessels boats owned , chartered , managed or operated by nationals of other member states , whether natural or legal persons , deprived those nationals of their right to establish themselves in the united kingdom in order to pursue their fishing activities under the same conditions as nationals of the united kingdom .

The United Kingdom started by describing the historical background to the Common Fisheries Policy and set out the measures taken by the United Kingdom since 1983 to tackle the registration of Spanish fishing boats in the British register .
the united kingdom started by describing the historical background to the common fisheries policy and set out the measures taken by the united kingdom since 1983 to tackle the registration of spanish fishing boats in the british [sign up] .

As can be seen from paragraph 3 of the reports for the hearings in the two cases , the British legislation at issue , dating from 1988 , provides for the establishment of a new register of all British fishing vessels including those registered in the old register maintained under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 .
as can be seen from paragraph 3 of the reports for the hearings in the two cases , the british legislation at issue , dating from 1988 , provides for the establishment of a new [sign up] of all british fishing vessels including those registered in the old [sign up] maintained under the merchant shipping act 1894 .

However , only fishing vessels fulfilling the conditions laid down in section 14 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1988 may be registered in the new register .
however , only fishing vessels fulfilling the conditions laid down in section 14 of the merchant shipping act 1988 may be registered in the new [sign up] .

3 . Section 14(1) provides that , subject to a dispensation granted by the Secretary of State for Transport , a fishing vessel is only to be eligible to be registered in the new register if :
3 . section 14(1) provides that , subject to a dispensation granted by the secretary of state for transport , a fishing vessel is only to be eligible to be registered in the new [sign up] if :

Under section 14 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the Act of 1988 , a fishing vessel may be registered in the new register only if it ‘ is managed , and its operations are directed and controlled , from within the United Kingdom .
under section 14 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the act of 1988 , a fishing vessel may be registered in the new [sign up] only if it ‘ is managed , and its operations are directed and controlled , from within the united kingdom .

4 . The application of the requirements at issue to fishing vessels previously registered in the old register
4 . the application of the requirements at issue to fishing vessels previously registered in the old [sign up]

( 2 ) ( a ) It is contrary to Community law for a member state to stipulate as a requirement for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register that the owners and operators of the vessel , whether they be natural or legal persons , or 75 per cent .
( 2 ) ( a ) it is contrary to community law for a member state to stipulate as a requirement for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national [sign up] that the owners and operators of the vessel , whether they be natural or legal persons , or 75 per cent .

According to the documents before the court , the applicants in the main proceedings are the owners or operators of 95 fishing vessels which were registered in the register of British vessels under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 .
according to the documents before the court , the applicants in the main proceedings are the owners or operators of 95 fishing vessels which were registered in the [sign up] of british vessels under the merchant shipping act 1894 .

Of those vessels , 53 were originally registered in Spain and flew the Spanish flag , but on various dates as from 1980 they were registered in the British register .
of those vessels , 53 were originally registered in spain and flew the spanish flag , but on various dates as from 1980 they were registered in the british [sign up] .

The Act of 1988 provided for the establishment of a new register in which thereafter all British fishing vessels were to be registered , including those which were already registered in the old general register maintained under the Act of 1894 .
the act of 1988 provided for the establishment of a new [sign up] in which thereafter all british fishing vessels were to be registered , including those which were already registered in the old general [sign up] maintained under the act of 1894 .

However , only fishing vessels fulfilling the conditions laid down in section 14 of the Act of 1988 could be registered in the new register .
however , only fishing vessels fulfilling the conditions laid down in section 14 of the act of 1988 could be registered in the new [sign up] .

6 . Section 14(1) provided that , subject to dispensations to be determined by the Secretary of State for Transport , a fishing vessel was eligible to be registered in the new register only if
6 . section 14(1) provided that , subject to dispensations to be determined by the secretary of state for transport , a fishing vessel was eligible to be registered in the new [sign up] only if

At the time of the institution of the main proceedings , the applicants ' 95 fishing vessels failed to satisfy one or more of the conditions for registration under section 14 of the Act of 1988 and thus could not be registered in the new register .
at the time of the institution of the main proceedings , the applicants ' 95 fishing vessels failed to satisfy one or more of the conditions for registration under section 14 of the act of 1988 and thus could not be registered in the new [sign up] .

‘ ( 1 ) Does Community law affect the conditions under which a member state lays down rules for determining which vessels are entitled to register in that state , to fly its flag and carry its nationality ?
‘ ( 1 ) does community law affect the conditions under which a member state lays down rules for determining which vessels are entitled to [sign up] in that state , to fly its flag and carry its nationality ?

( i ) Must Community law and , in particular , the principles of freedom of establishment , non-discrimination on grounds of nationality and proportionality be interpreted as precluding a member state from stipulating as conditions for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register : ( a ) that the legal owners and beneficial owners and the charterers , managers and operators of the vessel must be nationals of that member state or companies incorporated in that member state , and that , in the latter case , at least 75 per cent .
( i ) must community law and , in particular , the principles of freedom of establishment , non-discrimination on grounds of nationality and proportionality be interpreted as precluding a member state from stipulating as conditions for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national [sign up] : ( a ) that the legal owners and beneficial owners and the charterers , managers and operators of the vessel must be nationals of that member state or companies incorporated in that member state , and that , in the latter case , at least 75 per cent .

Consequently , the reply to the national court must be that it is not contrary to Community law for a member state to stipulate as a condition for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register that the vessel in question must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .
consequently , the reply to the national court must be that it is not contrary to community law for a member state to stipulate as a condition for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national [sign up] that the vessel in question must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .

( 3 ) It is not contrary to Community law for a member state to stipulate as a condition for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register that the vessel in question must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .
( 3 ) it is not contrary to community law for a member state to stipulate as a condition for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national [sign up] that the vessel in question must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .

The plaintiff was unlawfully charged for making extracts from a parish register , and was held entitled to recover back the payments .
the plaintiff was unlawfully charged for making extracts from a parish [sign up] , and was held entitled to recover back the payments .

625 the plaintiff 's clerk was unlawfully charged for taking extracts from a parish register the larger fee which was chargeable in respect of certificates .
625 the plaintiff 's clerk was unlawfully charged for taking extracts from a parish [sign up] the larger fee which was chargeable in respect of certificates .

The court notifies the Chief Land Registrar for registration in the register of pending actions ( r 6.43 ) .
the court notifies the chief land registrar for registration in the [sign up] of pending actions ( r 6.43 ) .

It is also a good idea for foreigners of all nationalities to contact their consulate or embassy and register their names and addresses , so that the appropriate advice can be passed on swiftly from he government 's local representatives .
it is also a good idea for foreigners of all nationalities to contact their consulate or embassy and [sign up] their names and addresses , so that the appropriate advice can be passed on swiftly from he government 's local representatives .

At the earliest convenience , one should register with the port authority office , located in the low building beside the marina .
at the earliest convenience , one should [sign up] with the port authority office , located in the low building beside the marina .

The Guardia Civil routinely checks the yacht register and notes the names of incoming yachts .
the guardia civil routinely checks the yacht [sign up] and notes the names of incoming yachts .

We 're waiting to register as a charity and eventually we hope to get a national FreeFone line .
we 're waiting to [sign up] as a charity and eventually we hope to get a national freefone line .

The idea came from the experience of pulling hair out of the bathtub ; ‘ this made me think about the things that are worthless , that we want to get rid of , the embarrassing hidden things like body hair , and the things we value and cultivate — in our culture , for instance , the head of hair is usually the first thing people register when they look at someone , a great deal of energy and money is , therefore , expended on hairdressing and styling .
the idea came from the experience of pulling hair out of the bathtub ; ‘ this made me think about the things that are worthless , that we want to get rid of , the embarrassing hidden things like body hair , and the things we value and cultivate — in our culture , for instance , the head of hair is usually the first thing people [sign up] when they look at someone , a great deal of energy and money is , therefore , expended on hairdressing and styling .

Register of applications and decisions
[sign up] of applications and decisions

The clerk of each licensing board shall keep a register of applications for licences and shall , at the end of each day 's meeting of the board enter in the register the decisions taken on the applications .
the clerk of each licensing board shall keep a [sign up] of applications for licences and shall , at the end of each day 's meeting of the board enter in the [sign up] the decisions taken on the applications .

This register shall be available to any member of the public at times and places to be determined by the clerk .
this [sign up] shall be available to any member of the public at times and places to be determined by the clerk .

The section does not prescribe the form in which the register is to be kept .
the section does not prescribe the form in which the [sign up] is to be kept .

Brenda often thought that this was the part of the working day she liked best , the hour before the staff arrived and the work of the Lab got really under way , when she and Inspector Blakelock worked together in the quiet emptiness of the hall , still and solemn as a church , making up a supply of manila folders ready to register the day 's new cases , repacking exhibits for collection by the police , making a final check of the Laboratory reports to courts to ensure that the examination was complete , that no relevant detail had been omitted .
brenda often thought that this was the part of the working day she liked best , the hour before the staff arrived and the work of the lab got really under way , when she and inspector blakelock worked together in the quiet emptiness of the hall , still and solemn as a church , making up a supply of manila folders ready to [sign up] the day 's new cases , repacking exhibits for collection by the police , making a final check of the laboratory reports to courts to ensure that the examination was complete , that no relevant detail had been omitted .

At present he was with a party of police officers visiting the United States and Inspector Blakelock was totally in charge doing the two jobs , not only receiving the exhibits , making out the register of court attendances and preparing the statistics , but discussing the cases with the detective in charge , explaining what the Laboratory could hope to do , rejecting those cases where the scientists could n't help , and checking that the final statements for the court were complete .
at present he was with a party of police officers visiting the united states and inspector blakelock was totally in charge doing the two jobs , not only receiving the exhibits , making out the [sign up] of court attendances and preparing the statistics , but discussing the cases with the detective in charge , explaining what the laboratory could hope to do , rejecting those cases where the scientists could n't help , and checking that the final statements for the court were complete .

You 'll need a new file for the report , but register it to Biology under the Muddington reference with a sub-group number .
you 'll need a new file for the report , but [sign up] it to biology under the muddington reference with a sub-group number .

The Commons assume no mediating role of any significance in the process of cabinet formation : it is simply there to register the popular will in terms of the number of seats held by particular parties .
the commons assume no mediating role of any significance in the process of cabinet formation : it is simply there to [sign up] the popular will in terms of the number of seats held by particular parties .

Surprise does n't register , instead , Devito plunges an eight-inch carving knife purposefully and repeatedly into the victim 's stomach .
surprise does n't [sign up] , instead , devito plunges an eight-inch carving knife purposefully and repeatedly into the victim 's stomach .

Mood change and ‘ Empire ’ itself is grandiose , hard-edged realism , vocals flicking through the register as lights strobe across the roof of the City Hall .
mood change and ‘ empire ’ itself is grandiose , hard-edged realism , vocals flicking through the [sign up] as lights strobe across the roof of the city hall .

Maxham was one of the chatty type , like a superior salesman , a foot through the door before you had time to register that someone was on the doorstep .
maxham was one of the chatty type , like a superior salesman , a foot through the door before you had time to [sign up] that someone was on the doorstep .

While precise indicators of the numbers of laws depend upon more precise definition of what are considered as laws ( there is a variety of different types of order , statute and regulation ) , one crude indicator for the expansion of legislation in the United States is that the Federal Register grew from 2,355 pages in 1936 to 60,221 pages in 1975 ; another indicator for Britain is found in the Index to the Statutes — the index listing legislation for , the period from 1235 to 1935 takes up 788 pages , while that for 1936 to 1982 takes up 978 pages .
while precise indicators of the numbers of laws depend upon more precise definition of what are considered as laws ( there is a variety of different types of order , statute and regulation ) , one crude indicator for the expansion of legislation in the united states is that the federal [sign up] grew from 2,355 pages in 1936 to 60,221 pages in 1975 ; another indicator for britain is found in the index to the statutes — the index listing legislation for , the period from 1235 to 1935 takes up 788 pages , while that for 1936 to 1982 takes up 978 pages .

This complex behaviour requires mechanisms to register the presence of prey or danger and to decide on and make the appropriate response , attacking or contracting into a blob — sensory cells , secretory cells , muscle cells and above all a network of electrically connected cells running right across its surface which can coordinate the hydra 's responses .
this complex behaviour requires mechanisms to [sign up] the presence of prey or danger and to decide on and make the appropriate response , attacking or contracting into a blob — sensory cells , secretory cells , muscle cells and above all a network of electrically connected cells running right across its surface which can coordinate the hydra 's responses .

His voice moved up a register , from baritone to tenor , and it was tinged with irritation for the first time that evening .
his voice moved up a [sign up] , from baritone to tenor , and it was tinged with irritation for the first time that evening .

teacher takes register and then describes and allocates tasks ;
teacher takes [sign up] and then describes and allocates tasks ;

However , in 1987–88 only 3,960 prosecutions occurred , or 1 per cent of the total of 396,200 investigations , or 5 per cent of the total of 80,000 withdrawals from the register , and less than 0.1 per cent of the 4,390,200 claims for that year .
however , in 1987–88 only 3,960 prosecutions occurred , or 1 per cent of the total of 396,200 investigations , or 5 per cent of the total of 80,000 withdrawals from the [sign up] , and less than 0.1 per cent of the 4,390,200 claims for that year .

The estimated savings are based on the claimant being 22 weeks off the register , but again some stay off for a year , and some return much sooner .
the estimated savings are based on the claimant being 22 weeks off the [sign up] , but again some stay off for a year , and some return much sooner .

• You could also advertise in the local paper , or join a job-share register .
• you could also advertise in the local paper , or join a job-share [sign up] .

The group New Ways to Work organises a register for the London area .
the group new ways to work organises a [sign up] for the london area .

In the third quarter of 1991 there were 5717 company insolvencies in England and Wales . For the year to September 1991 the number of company insolvencies was 2.2% of the average number of active companies on the register , or 1.9% of the total number on the register
in the third quarter of 1991 there were 5717 company insolvencies in england and wales . for the year to september 1991 the number of company insolvencies was 2.2% of the average number of active companies on the [sign up] , or 1.9% of the total number on the [sign up]

The potential offered by data fusion techniques provide the opportunity to capitalise upon the sophistication and accuracy of lifestyle information combined with the volume access to target markets which geodemographics and the Electoral Register can afford .
the potential offered by data fusion techniques provide the opportunity to capitalise upon the sophistication and accuracy of lifestyle information combined with the volume access to target markets which geodemographics and the electoral [sign up] can afford .

The schools were given six weeks in which to draw up a register of parents , but decisions had first to be made about what constituted a parent .
the schools were given six weeks in which to draw up a [sign up] of parents , but decisions had first to be made about what constituted a parent .

The Conservative Education Association strongly urged the government to amend the legislation so that a majority of parents on the register would be required to vote for opting out .
the conservative education association strongly urged the government to amend the legislation so that a majority of parents on the [sign up] would be required to vote for opting out .

The Labour Party argued that a two-thirds majority of those voting , or a simple majority of those on the register , should be required , and the National Union of Teachers went even further with its suggestion that opting out should be allowed only if two-thirds of those on the register approved it .
the labour party argued that a two-thirds majority of those voting , or a simple majority of those on the [sign up] , should be required , and the national union of teachers went even further with its suggestion that opting out should be allowed only if two-thirds of those on the [sign up] approved it .

The Tribunal hears appeals by prospective residential home owners against local authorities ' refusal to register .
the tribunal hears appeals by prospective residential home owners against local authorities ' refusal to [sign up] .

The official definition of long-term unemployment is more than twelve months without work , although employment training , which is designed for the long term unemployed , requires entrants to have been on the register for more than six months .
the official definition of long-term unemployment is more than twelve months without work , although employment training , which is designed for the long term unemployed , requires entrants to have been on the [sign up] for more than six months .

Again , an election would decide the outcome , but a simple majority of those voting ( as opposed to those on the register ) was all that was required .
again , an election would decide the outcome , but a simple majority of those voting ( as opposed to those on the [sign up] ) was all that was required .

These will be offered to you when you first register with a doctor or if you have not seen your doctor for some time .
these will be offered to you when you first [sign up] with a doctor or if you have not seen your doctor for some time .

But again , flexibility is built in to the system : you do n't have to register for a degree in just one subject area , but a free to mix and match your courses to build a degree that is tailor-made to your own requirements .
but again , flexibility is built in to the system : you do n't have to [sign up] for a degree in just one subject area , but a free to mix and match your courses to build a degree that is tailor-made to your own requirements .

The full Register will not be on public display , but an extract of the Register , showing only initials , surnames and addresses , will be available for inspection .
the full [sign up] will not be on public display , but an extract of the [sign up] , showing only initials , surnames and addresses , will be available for inspection .

If you consider that your name should not appear on the Register , or if you disagree with the details shown in your entry then you have the right to appeal .
if you consider that your name should not appear on the [sign up] , or if you disagree with the details shown in your entry then you have the right to appeal .

Some people may be exempt from inclusion on the Community Charge Register and thus from payment of Community Charge , examples are : —
some people may be exempt from inclusion on the community charge [sign up] and thus from payment of community charge , examples are : —

the collective community charge paid by landlords of buildings with mostly short-term residents who are difficult to register in the normal way
the collective community charge paid by landlords of buildings with mostly short-term residents who are difficult to [sign up] in the normal way

any shortfall arising from the authority 's being unable to collect all the community charges due from the people on the community charges register ;
any shortfall arising from the authority 's being unable to collect all the community charges due from the people on the community charges [sign up] ;

By 1st December , 1989 we have to compile a Register of all those people in the Oxford City Area who will pay Community Charge/Poll Tax .
by 1st december , 1989 we have to compile a [sign up] of all those people in the oxford city area who will pay community charge/poll tax .

The information on the form will be transferred onto the Community Charge Register , which is held on a computer . The Register will contain : —
the information on the form will be transferred onto the community charge [sign up] , which is held on a computer . the [sign up] will contain : —

Each person whose name appears on the Register will be sent their own Community Charge Bill around 1st April , 1990 , unless they are exempt .
each person whose name appears on the [sign up] will be sent their own community charge bill around 1st april , 1990 , unless they are exempt .

The full Register as described in question 4 will be confidential .
the full [sign up] as described in question 4 will be confidential .

There will , however , be a shorter version of the Register , known as the ‘ Extract ’ , available for public inspection .
there will , however , be a shorter version of the [sign up] , known as the ‘ extract ’ , available for public inspection .

We shall be writing to you around August 1989 to check that the information that we intend to put onto the Register about you is correct .
we shall be writing to you around august 1989 to check that the information that we intend to put onto the [sign up] about you is correct .

The amount each local authority receives is likely to be calculated on the number of people in each area who are on the Poll Tax Register .
the amount each local authority receives is likely to be calculated on the number of people in each area who are on the poll tax [sign up] .

The Registration Officer will then compile a Register of everyone in Oxford who will be 18 or over by 1st April 1990 .
the registration officer will then compile a [sign up] of everyone in oxford who will be 18 or over by 1st april 1990 .

The poll Tax Register is confidential . For most people it will contain :
the poll tax [sign up] is confidential . for most people it will contain :

The Poll Tax Register will be held on a computer and each person will only be able to see their own entry .
the poll tax [sign up] will be held on a computer and each person will only be able to see their own entry .

If you are afraid that you , or someone you know , could be threatened with violence if your name appears in the Public Extract of the Poll Tax Register , you can ask that your name does not appear on the Extract .
if you are afraid that you , or someone you know , could be threatened with violence if your name appears in the public extract of the poll tax [sign up] , you can ask that your name does not appear on the extract .

In this case your details will only be held on the confidential Register .
in this case your details will only be held on the confidential [sign up] .

In August 1989 the Registration Officer will ask everyone on the Poll Tax Register if they wish to be taken off the Public Extract because of the Threat of violence .
in august 1989 the registration officer will ask everyone on the poll tax [sign up] if they wish to be taken off the public extract because of the threat of violence .

Poll Tax benefit forms will be sent to everyone on the Register towards the end of 1989 .
poll tax benefit forms will be sent to everyone on the [sign up] towards the end of 1989 .

your full name and the address for which you are entered in the register of electors ;
your full name and the address for which you are entered in the [sign up] of electors ;

The company is about to launch the Historic Voters Roll , which will complement Infolink 's Electoral Register .
the company is about to launch the historic voters roll , which will complement infolink 's electoral [sign up] .

Whilst the Electoral Register remains the most reliable means of confirming the name and address of a credit applicant , tens of thousands of names have disappeared from the Register in the last year .
whilst the electoral [sign up] remains the most reliable means of confirming the name and address of a credit applicant , tens of thousands of names have disappeared from the [sign up] in the last year .

Your Trail will open at 11am on Sunday June 7 — and you can register to collect your Entry Pack any time between 11am and 3pm .
your trail will open at 11am on sunday june 7 — and you can [sign up] to collect your entry pack any time between 11am and 3pm .

‘ They understand ‘ time to eat ’ very well , but ‘ time to sleep ’ does n't register .
‘ they understand ‘ time to eat ’ very well , but ‘ time to sleep ’ does n't [sign up] .

According to the annual data on migration and population change provided by the National Health Service Central Register and mid-year population estimates , the re-opening of the North-South divide appears to date from the first half of the 1970s .
according to the annual data on migration and population change provided by the national health service central [sign up] and mid-year population estimates , the re-opening of the north-south divide appears to date from the first half of the 1970s .

The act established for the first time the statutory definition of a medical practitioner , together with a register and a General Medical Council to watch over conduct and education .
the act established for the first time the statutory definition of a medical practitioner , together with a [sign up] and a general medical council to watch over conduct and education .

There were distinct continuities here between eugenics and the population politics developed in the statistical societies and the General Register Office from the 1830s .
there were distinct continuities here between eugenics and the population politics developed in the statistical societies and the general [sign up] office from the 1830s .

Why ( is ) it extremely rare to find a student who ( has ) made even a superficial study of phonetics in the course of the degree … How suitable , as a preparation for teaching in secondary school , is a degree course in which the student 's reading is almost entirely confined to imaginative literature and which entails no systematic study of any other register in the foreign language …
why ( is ) it extremely rare to find a student who ( has ) made even a superficial study of phonetics in the course of the degree … how suitable , as a preparation for teaching in secondary school , is a degree course in which the student 's reading is almost entirely confined to imaginative literature and which entails no systematic study of any other [sign up] in the foreign language …

The teacher daily makes decisions about which register to teach , which lexical items to emphasise , whether to teach colloquialisms , and such decisions are frequently based more on instinct than knowledge .
the teacher daily makes decisions about which [sign up] to teach , which lexical items to emphasise , whether to teach colloquialisms , and such decisions are frequently based more on instinct than knowledge .

Although some students have a good grasp of colloquial language , few have ever got to grips with the concept of register .
although some students have a good grasp of colloquial language , few have ever got to grips with the concept of [sign up] .

They have a good practical command of English , but they nevertheless lack the register of classroom English .
they have a good practical command of english , but they nevertheless lack the [sign up] of classroom english .

Nevertheless , they will need to address pupils in English , and that will call on a register of English with which they probably have little acquaintance despite their good overall common of the language .
nevertheless , they will need to address pupils in english , and that will call on a [sign up] of english with which they probably have little acquaintance despite their good overall common of the language .

As soon as he saw Adam 's passport he had flicked his eyes down at the register under the counter .
as soon as he saw adam 's passport he had flicked his eyes down at the [sign up] under the counter .

The Immigration man was loath to let them go , but the instructions on the register were clear .
the immigration man was loath to let them go , but the instructions on the [sign up] were clear .

Adam quickly crossed to the desk , leant behind it and pulled up the register .
adam quickly crossed to the desk , leant behind it and pulled up the [sign up] .

There was no need to register in separate rooms this time .
there was no need to [sign up] in separate rooms this time .

Once Adam had flashed his passport as a European Community resident , the reception clerk at the Bellevue had simply pushed the register card over the desk and asked the Englishman how he was going to settle the account .
once adam had flashed his passport as a european community resident , the reception clerk at the bellevue had simply pushed the [sign up] card over the desk and asked the englishman how he was going to settle the account .

’ Adam signed the register ‘ Mr and Mrs Nicholson ’ .
’ adam signed the [sign up] ‘ mr and mrs nicholson ’ .

Then it eased and the sound dropped down the register .
then it eased and the sound dropped down the [sign up] .

She was living then , according to the observant father , in a ramshackle but tidy palm-leaf cabin by the saman tree ‘ which these primitive people in their ignorance still worship , studding its gnarled trunk with nails of tin or brass to register their desires .
she was living then , according to the observant father , in a ramshackle but tidy palm-leaf cabin by the saman tree ‘ which these primitive people in their ignorance still worship , studding its gnarled trunk with nails of tin or brass to [sign up] their desires .

marks printed on a sheet to indicate the trim or register marks .
marks printed on a sheet to indicate the trim or [sign up] marks .

Register marks
[sign up] marks

Also , with a small hand press in 1827 , he started the Canton Register , China 's first English-language newspaper .
also , with a small hand press in 1827 , he started the canton [sign up] , china 's first english-language newspaper .

Roger was also the first bishop of Coventry and Lichfield to keep an episcopal register ( later lost ) .
roger was also the first bishop of coventry and lichfield to keep an episcopal [sign up] ( later lost ) .

Maskelyne took out patents on over forty commercial inventions , which included a cash register , patented in 1869 , which won a major award at the Paris exhibition , his 1889 typewriter , and his 1892 patent for a coin-operated lock for public lavatories , which was used in England until the 1950s .
maskelyne took out patents on over forty commercial inventions , which included a cash [sign up] , patented in 1869 , which won a major award at the paris exhibition , his 1889 typewriter , and his 1892 patent for a coin-operated lock for public lavatories , which was used in england until the 1950s .

From March 1645 , when he became deputy licenser to Rushworth , until March 1647 when both men were dismissed , presumably for political reasons , Mabbott 's name appears regularly in the Stationers ' Company register .
from march 1645 , when he became deputy licenser to rushworth , until march 1647 when both men were dismissed , presumably for political reasons , mabbott 's name appears regularly in the stationers ' company [sign up] .

As ‘ agent of the army ’ his name reappeared in the Stationers ' Company register during 1653–5 , when he entered The Perfect Diurnall and several pamphlets .
as ‘ agent of the army ’ his name reappeared in the stationers ' company [sign up] during 1653–5 , when he entered the perfect diurnall and several pamphlets .

Although numerous entries in the Stationers ' Company register attest to the variety of Herringman 's early trade list , he concentrated on the publication of belles-lettres from the 1660s .
although numerous entries in the stationers ' company [sign up] attest to the variety of herringman 's early trade list , he concentrated on the publication of belles-lettres from the 1660s .

He stipulated that his kinsman John Herringman should have ‘ my Coppyes and partes of Coppys of Books as they stand entered in the Register Booke of the Company of Staconers … provided that he serves out his seaven years of Apprentishipp justly and truly ’ .
he stipulated that his kinsman john herringman should have ‘ my coppyes and partes of coppys of books as they stand entered in the [sign up] booke of the company of staconers … provided that he serves out his seaven years of apprentishipp justly and truly ’ .

As president of the Federation of University Women she gave much time near the end of her life to compiling the register of university women for war work .
as president of the federation of university women she gave much time near the end of her life to compiling the [sign up] of university women for war work .

His diocesan work can be studied in much more detail , for his register is the first extant episcopal register for the diocese of Exeter , and probably in fact the first to be compiled .
his diocesan work can be studied in much more detail , for his [sign up] is the first extant episcopal [sign up] for the diocese of exeter , and probably in fact the first to be compiled .

, Archibald ( 1774–1841 ) , author of the first published Manx dictionary , was born in the village of Colby , Isle of Man , the third of four sons of William Cregeen , a cooper and small farmer , and his wife Mary Fairclough ( ‘ Faircliff ’ in the marriage register of the adjoining parish of Malew , 13 November 1764 ) , who is reported to have come from Ireland .
, archibald ( 1774–1841 ) , author of the first published manx dictionary , was born in the village of colby , isle of man , the third of four sons of william cregeen , a cooper and small farmer , and his wife mary fairclough ( ‘ faircliff ’ in the marriage [sign up] of the adjoining parish of malew , 13 november 1764 ) , who is reported to have come from ireland .

His article in the Weekly Register ( 1849–50 ) demonstrates his concern for building within reasonable financial limits , his care for responsible historicism , and above all a strong commitment to the revived Gothic style .
his article in the weekly [sign up] ( 1849–50 ) demonstrates his concern for building within reasonable financial limits , his care for responsible historicism , and above all a strong commitment to the revived gothic style .

On 25 November 1817 in Preston he married Betty Cook of Preston ; the couple were unable to sign the register .
on 25 november 1817 in preston he married betty cook of preston ; the couple were unable to sign the [sign up] .

’ ) that is articulated at the very top of the treble register and brings the work to its climax — an unforgettable piece of composition unequalled anywhere in the European music of its time .
’ ) that is articulated at the very top of the treble [sign up] and brings the work to its climax — an unforgettable piece of composition unequalled anywhere in the european music of its time .

He was always ready to flout the company 's regulations , failing to register two alternative versions of his new sterling ( Britannia ) mark , and was criticized by the company for failing to submit plate for assay and hallmarking in 1717 .
he was always ready to flout the company 's regulations , failing to [sign up] two alternative versions of his new sterling ( britannia ) mark , and was criticized by the company for failing to submit plate for assay and hallmarking in 1717 .

Somes was well known on the Stock Exchange and at Lloyd 's , and was one of the originators of the new Lloyd 's Register of Shipping in 1834 .
somes was well known on the stock exchange and at lloyd 's , and was one of the originators of the new lloyd 's [sign up] of shipping in 1834 .

Despite all this external activity he spent long periods of time in his diocese , active in every facet of ecclesiastical administration , as is revealed by his register , the first to survive for the diocese of Winchester .
despite all this external activity he spent long periods of time in his diocese , active in every facet of ecclesiastical administration , as is revealed by his [sign up] , the first to survive for the diocese of winchester .

There is no lack of evidence here for his concern for the welfare of his cathedral church and of the monasteries and churches of his diocese ; but this occasionally confused register suggests , even so , a bishop with political and financial interests which extended beyond routine local and parochial concerns , for it includes many documents which show his close interest in international political developments .
there is no lack of evidence here for his concern for the welfare of his cathedral church and of the monasteries and churches of his diocese ; but this occasionally confused [sign up] suggests , even so , a bishop with political and financial interests which extended beyond routine local and parochial concerns , for it includes many documents which show his close interest in international political developments .

, whose campaigns for a purer preaching ministry are recorded in his Register , Morrice 's luckiest find .
, whose campaigns for a purer preaching ministry are recorded in his [sign up] , morrice 's luckiest find .

Dowson 's poetry is mannered , literary , mellifluous , and in a diction operating on a narrow register .
dowson 's poetry is mannered , literary , mellifluous , and in a diction operating on a narrow [sign up] .

He died at home in Tenterden Street 1 May 1818 , being buried at St George 's , Hanover Square , where the burial register notes that he was aged thirty-five .
he died at home in tenterden street 1 may 1818 , being buried at st george 's , hanover square , where the burial [sign up] notes that he was aged thirty-five .

The basic principle which the Act lays down is that to become a member , and thereby a shareholder , there must be agreement and entry on a register of members which every type of registered company is required to maintain and which , in relation to a company with shares is also a register of shareholdings .
the basic principle which the act lays down is that to become a member , and thereby a shareholder , there must be agreement and entry on a [sign up] of members which every type of registered company is required to maintain and which , in relation to a company with shares is also a [sign up] of shareholdings .

Until entry on the register an acquirer is not , in law , yet a member or shareholder .
until entry on the [sign up] an acquirer is not , in law , yet a member or shareholder .

The subscribers are then ‘ deemed to have agreed to become members of the company and on its registration shall be entered in such in its register of members .
the subscribers are then ‘ deemed to have agreed to become members of the company and on its registration shall be entered in such in its [sign up] of members .

’ The effect of this has been held to be that , even if the company omits to put them on the register they become members and holders of the number of shares stated .
’ the effect of this has been held to be that , even if the company omits to put them on the [sign up] they become members and holders of the number of shares stated .

On their issue , the company removes from its register of members the name of the former registered holder and merely states the fact and date of the issue of the warrant and the number of shares ( or amount of stock ) to which it relates .
on their issue , the company removes from its [sign up] of members the name of the former registered holder and merely states the fact and date of the issue of the warrant and the number of shares ( or amount of stock ) to which it relates .

However , again subject to the articles , the bearer of the warrant is entitled , on surrendering it for cancellation , to have his name and shareholding re-entered on the register .
however , again subject to the articles , the bearer of the warrant is entitled , on surrendering it for cancellation , to have his name and shareholding re-entered on the [sign up] .

The register
the [sign up]

Since , in practice , shares in British companies are ‘ registered ’ and not ‘ bearer ’ and since the process of becoming ( or ceasing to be ) a member and shareholder is incomplete until entry on the register , the statutory provisions regarding its maintenance are of importance . In summary , they are as follows :
since , in practice , shares in british companies are ‘ registered ’ and not ‘ bearer ’ and since the process of becoming ( or ceasing to be ) a member and shareholder is incomplete until entry on the [sign up] , the statutory provisions regarding its maintenance are of importance . in summary , they are as follows :

In addition to showing the name and address of every member and the date on which he was registered as a member or ceased to be a member , in the case of a company with a share capital the register must also state the number and class of shares ( or amount of stock ) held by him and the amount paid-up on each share .
in addition to showing the name and address of every member and the date on which he was registered as a member or ceased to be a member , in the case of a company with a share capital the [sign up] must also state the number and class of shares ( or amount of stock ) held by him and the amount paid-up on each share .

The register may be kept at the company 's registered office or at another office of the company or at the office of professional registrars to which the company has delegated this task , but , if kept otherwise than at the company 's registered office , notice must be given to the Registrar of the place where it is kept and of any change of that place .
the [sign up] may be kept at the company 's registered office or at another office of the company or at the office of professional registrars to which the company has delegated this task , but , if kept otherwise than at the company 's registered office , notice must be given to the registrar of the place where it is kept and of any change of that place .

If the company has more than 50 members then , unless the register is kept in such form as to constitute an index of names of the members , such an index must also be kept in the same place as the register .
if the company has more than 50 members then , unless the [sign up] is kept in such form as to constitute an index of names of the members , such an index must also be kept in the same place as the [sign up] .

The register and index have to be open for inspection during business hours by any member without charge and by any other person on payment of a small fee and a copy of it or any part of it has to be supplied to anyone on payment of a modest charge .
the [sign up] and index have to be open for inspection during business hours by any member without charge and by any other person on payment of a small fee and a copy of it or any part of it has to be supplied to anyone on payment of a modest charge .

But unfortunately it also enables traders who wish to attempt to sell their wares by ‘ junk-mail , ’ or telephone calls , to obtain , more cheaply than in any other way , a ‘ sucker-list ’ of potential victims by buying a copy of the membership register of , say , British Telecom or British Gas .
but unfortunately it also enables traders who wish to attempt to sell their wares by ‘ junk-mail , ’ or telephone calls , to obtain , more cheaply than in any other way , a ‘ sucker-list ’ of potential victims by buying a copy of the membership [sign up] of , say , british telecom or british gas .

The register is ‘ prima facie evidence of any matters which are by this Act directed or authorised to be inserted in it .
the [sign up] is ‘ prima facie evidence of any matters which are by this act directed or authorised to be inserted in it .

’ It is not , however , conclusive evidence for , as we have seen , membership is dependent both on agreement to become a member and entry in the register and if the entry does not truly reflect the agreement or there was no valid agreement the register ought to be rectified .
’ it is not , however , conclusive evidence for , as we have seen , membership is dependent both on agreement to become a member and entry in the [sign up] and if the entry does not truly reflect the agreement or there was no valid agreement the [sign up] ought to be rectified .

‘ ( a ) the name of any person is without sufficient cause entered in or omitted from a company 's register of members , or ( b ) default is made or unnecessary delay takes place in entering on the register the fact of any person having ceased to be a member , the person aggrieved or any member of the company , or the company may apply to the court for rectification of the register .
‘ ( a ) the name of any person is without sufficient cause entered in or omitted from a company 's [sign up] of members , or ( b ) default is made or unnecessary delay takes place in entering on the [sign up] the fact of any person having ceased to be a member , the person aggrieved or any member of the company , or the company may apply to the court for rectification of the [sign up] .

’ This wording is defective because it ignores the fact that the register is not just a register of members but also a register of shareholdings and that a likely error is in the amount of a member 's shareholding .
’ this wording is defective because it ignores the fact that the [sign up] is not just a [sign up] of members but also a [sign up] of shareholdings and that a likely error is in the amount of a member 's shareholding .

There is some uncertainty as to the extent to which the company can rectify the register without an application to the court .
there is some uncertainty as to the extent to which the company can rectify the [sign up] without an application to the court .

Sections 352 , 354 and 355 clearly envisage , and indeed demand , alterations without which the register could not be kept up to date and fulfil its purpose , and although there is no express provision for alterations of members ' addresses that takes place all the time .
sections 352 , 354 and 355 clearly envisage , and indeed demand , alterations without which the [sign up] could not be kept up to date and fulfil its purpose , and although there is no express provision for alterations of members ' addresses that takes place all the time .

It must be emphasised , however , that although the register provides prima facie evidence of who its members are and what their shareholdings are , it provides no evidence at all , either to the company or anyone else , of who the beneficial owners of the shares are .
it must be emphasised , however , that although the [sign up] provides prima facie evidence of who its members are and what their shareholdings are , it provides no evidence at all , either to the company or anyone else , of who the beneficial owners of the shares are .

The registered member may well be a trustee or nominee but of that the company neither knows nor is entitled to let anyone know ; , for ‘ No notice of any trust , expressed , implied or constructive shall be entered on the register or be receivable by the Registrar ’ in the case of companies registered in England and Wales .
the registered member may well be a trustee or nominee but of that the company neither knows nor is entitled to let anyone know ; , for ‘ no notice of any trust , expressed , implied or constructive shall be entered on the [sign up] or be receivable by the registrar ’ in the case of companies registered in england and wales .

But the register with which we are presently concerned is of little help ; in the case of a listed company the majority of the shares will probably be registered in the names of nominees .
but the [sign up] with which we are presently concerned is of little help ; in the case of a listed company the majority of the shares will probably be registered in the names of nominees .

The register , like other records that a company is required to maintain , may be kept either in bound books or by recording the matter in any other way and , in particular , may be on a computer or other electronic device so long as the material can be reproduced in legible form and is so reproduced for purposes of inspection or supply of a copy .
the [sign up] , like other records that a company is required to maintain , may be kept either in bound books or by recording the matter in any other way and , in particular , may be on a computer or other electronic device so long as the material can be reproduced in legible form and is so reproduced for purposes of inspection or supply of a copy .

But he will not yet be either , since he will not , at that stage have been ‘ entered on the register ’ and , it may be that he never will be .
but he will not yet be either , since he will not , at that stage have been ‘ entered on the [sign up] ’ and , it may be that he never will be .

Printed on the back of the letter there will be forms enabling the allottee to renounce , and the person to whom they are ultimately renounced to confirm that he accepts the renunciation and agrees to be entered on the register .
printed on the back of the letter there will be forms enabling the allottee to renounce , and the person to whom they are ultimately renounced to confirm that he accepts the renunciation and agrees to be entered on the [sign up] .

Only when the allottee or the ultimate person to whom his allotment has been renounced , has been entered on the register will anyone became a shareholder and member .
only when the allottee or the ultimate person to whom his allotment has been renounced , has been entered on the [sign up] will anyone became a shareholder and member .

Once again , the transaction will not be complete until the transferee is entered on the company 's register as the holder of the shares ( and until then the transferor will not cease to be a member or the legal holder of the shares ) .
once again , the transaction will not be complete until the transferee is entered on the company 's [sign up] as the holder of the shares ( and until then the transferor will not cease to be a member or the legal holder of the shares ) .

In other circumstances all that needs to be done if the transaction is a domestic one , whereby , say , a shareholder transfers his holding as a gift to a member of his family or sells it to an acquaintance , is for the transferor to hand over to the transferee a signed share transfer together with the share certificate which the transferee will lodge with the company and the register will then be amended by adding the transferee and noting that the transferor has ceased to be a member or shareholder in respect of the shares .
in other circumstances all that needs to be done if the transaction is a domestic one , whereby , say , a shareholder transfers his holding as a gift to a member of his family or sells it to an acquaintance , is for the transferor to hand over to the transferee a signed share transfer together with the share certificate which the transferee will lodge with the company and the [sign up] will then be amended by adding the transferee and noting that the transferor has ceased to be a member or shareholder in respect of the shares .

Since , like the membership register , a share certificate is prima facie evidence only , it is far from being a document of title in the sense that a share warrant is .
since , like the membership [sign up] , a share certificate is prima facie evidence only , it is far from being a document of title in the sense that a share warrant is .

Where there is a conflict between the register and the certificate , the former is stronger prima facie evidence than the latter but neither is decisive ; ownership of the shares depends on who is entitled to be registered .
where there is a conflict between the [sign up] and the certificate , the former is stronger prima facie evidence than the latter but neither is decisive ; ownership of the shares depends on who is entitled to be registered .

Generally , the directors will be empowered to refuse to register transfers and frequently this will be accompanied by provisions affording the other members or the company rights of pre-emption , first refusal or even compulsory acquisition .
generally , the directors will be empowered to refuse to [sign up] transfers and frequently this will be accompanied by provisions affording the other members or the company rights of pre-emption , first refusal or even compulsory acquisition .

( e ) If , as is normal , the regulations merely give the directors power to refuse to register , as opposed to making their passing of transfers a condition precedent to registration , the transferee is entitled to be registered unless the directors resolve as a board to reject .
( e ) if , as is normal , the regulations merely give the directors power to refuse to [sign up] , as opposed to making their passing of transfers a condition precedent to registration , the transferee is entitled to be registered unless the directors resolve as a board to reject .

It may , however , be the only security obtainable , for an attempt to obtain a legal charge will almost certainly be frustrated by the refusal of the directors to register the transfer .
it may , however , be the only security obtainable , for an attempt to obtain a legal charge will almost certainly be frustrated by the refusal of the directors to [sign up] the transfer .

At the least , this should include an obligation on directors who refuse to register personal representatives or transferees from them to state their reasons .
at the least , this should include an obligation on directors who refuse to [sign up] personal representatives or transferees from them to state their reasons .

Unlike the membership register a company is not compelled to maintain a register of debentureholders .
unlike the membership [sign up] a company is not compelled to maintain a [sign up] of debentureholders .

The Act assumes that a company probably will maintain a register if it issues debenture stock or a series of debentures and the Act contains provisions , similar to , but not identical with , those relating to the membership register , concerning where the register shall be kept and who shall be entitled to inspect and obtain copies of it .
the act assumes that a company probably will maintain a [sign up] if it issues debenture stock or a series of debentures and the act contains provisions , similar to , but not identical with , those relating to the membership [sign up] , concerning where the [sign up] shall be kept and who shall be entitled to inspect and obtain copies of it .

But it says nothing about the register being evidence of ownership , and it is not clear what role , if any , it plays in converting an equitable interest to a legal one .
but it says nothing about the [sign up] being evidence of ownership , and it is not clear what role , if any , it plays in converting an equitable interest to a legal one .

Most of the problems in this area have now been resolved by the requirement that undertakings by a company not to create subsequent charges having priority to an existing charge have to be registered in the company 's register of charges and this will constitute notice to any person who is taking a charge which also has to be registered .
most of the problems in this area have now been resolved by the requirement that undertakings by a company not to create subsequent charges having priority to an existing charge have to be registered in the company 's [sign up] of charges and this will constitute notice to any person who is taking a charge which also has to be registered .

The mechanics registration It is the duty of the company to submit prescribed particulars of a charge requiring registration to the Registrar who , in turn , is under a statutory obligation to maintain a register setting out these particulars .
the mechanics registration it is the duty of the company to submit prescribed particulars of a charge requiring registration to the registrar who , in turn , is under a statutory obligation to maintain a [sign up] setting out these particulars .

The register is in the form of a file and the person seeking registration does not have to submit the original charging documents .
the [sign up] is in the form of a file and the person seeking registration does not have to submit the original charging documents .

The register of charges is open for public inspection and any person for a fee is entitled to a certified copy of it .
the [sign up] of charges is open for public inspection and any person for a fee is entitled to a certified copy of it .

Lastly , it must always be kept in mind that there will be no need to register financing devices which the law of personal property does not treat as charges ; for example , title reservation .
lastly , it must always be kept in mind that there will be no need to [sign up] financing devices which the law of personal property does not treat as charges ; for example , title reservation .

The question remains as to whether the register of charges maintained by the Registrar of Companies accurately reflects the extent of the incumbrances on a company 's property .
the question remains as to whether the [sign up] of charges maintained by the registrar of companies accurately reflects the extent of the incumbrances on a company 's property .

Although not exhaustively comprehensive , it does give a reasonably accurate picture and its most serious defects arise not from the register as such but because English law lacks a satisfactory system for classifying personal property security interests .
although not exhaustively comprehensive , it does give a reasonably accurate picture and its most serious defects arise not from the [sign up] as such but because english law lacks a satisfactory system for classifying personal property security interests .

Also , at the end of the day it is arguable that all that the register needs to show are the principal charges over the company 's property since anyone dealing with the company can seek to find out the full extent to which the company 's property has been charged once put on notice that some charges have been created .
also , at the end of the day it is arguable that all that the [sign up] needs to show are the principal charges over the company 's property since anyone dealing with the company can seek to find out the full extent to which the company 's property has been charged once put on notice that some charges have been created .

But the most potent sanction is that non-registration in the register maintained by the Registrar of charges created by the company ( as opposed to existing charge on property acquired by the company ) destroys the validity of the charge .
but the most potent sanction is that non-registration in the [sign up] maintained by the registrar of charges created by the company ( as opposed to existing charge on property acquired by the company ) destroys the validity of the charge .

The sufferer is , of course , the chargee , not the company , ; hence the provision previously mentioned allowing any person having an interest in the charge to register it .
the sufferer is , of course , the chargee , not the company , ; hence the provision previously mentioned allowing any person having an interest in the charge to [sign up] it .

This , of course , also provides the company with an incentive to register .
this , of course , also provides the company with an incentive to [sign up] .

As between two registrable charges which have not been registered within 21 days , the first to register will obtain priority and a charge is not void against a person taking an interest in property which is made expressly subject to the charge .
as between two registrable charges which have not been registered within 21 days , the first to [sign up] will obtain priority and a charge is not void against a person taking an interest in property which is made expressly subject to the charge .

( ii ) Late registration Failure to register a charge within the 21-day period does not preclude its subsequent registration ; a charge can be registered outside the 21-day period at any time prior to the company 's liquidation or the appointment of an administrator without the need to obtain a court order .
( ii ) late registration failure to [sign up] a charge within the 21-day period does not preclude its subsequent registration ; a charge can be registered outside the 21-day period at any time prior to the company 's liquidation or the appointment of an administrator without the need to obtain a court order .

( iii ) Defective registration It may be that the charges register fails to disclose accurately particulars of the charge ; for example , it may contain inaccurate particulars of the amount secured , or the property subject to the charge .
( iii ) defective registration it may be that the charges [sign up] fails to disclose accurately particulars of the charge ; for example , it may contain inaccurate particulars of the amount secured , or the property subject to the charge .

The broad effect of this is that a defect will normally be cured as against the administrator and liquidator ( since unsecured creditors will not normally rely on the register of charges ) but not against persons who acquire an interest ( who will normally rely on the register of charges ) .
the broad effect of this is that a defect will normally be cured as against the administrator and liquidator ( since unsecured creditors will not normally rely on the [sign up] of charges ) but not against persons who acquire an interest ( who will normally rely on the [sign up] of charges ) .

This is because ( as we have seen ) registered particulars means the particulars delivered for registration and where these are accurate the chargee will not be prejudiced by any defects arising from transcribing the submitted particulars on to the register .
this is because ( as we have seen ) registered particulars means the particulars delivered for registration and where these are accurate the chargee will not be prejudiced by any defects arising from transcribing the submitted particulars on to the [sign up] .

first , while registration may not be a priority point , failure to register , as we have seen , renders the charge void and therefore registration is a necessary , although not sufficient , condition to obtain priority ;
first , while registration may not be a priority point , failure to [sign up] , as we have seen , renders the charge void and therefore registration is a necessary , although not sufficient , condition to obtain priority ;

To take an example , a person taking a lien on subfreights is not affected by the register since this is not a registrable charge but a person taking a floating charge would be .
to take an example , a person taking a lien on subfreights is not affected by the [sign up] since this is not a registrable charge but a person taking a floating charge would be .

Modifications to the register
modifications to the [sign up]

As well as a means of publicising information this is a document of some importance administratively , since without it the register would be cluttered , to a greater extent than it is , with files of moribund companies abandoned by their members .
as well as a means of publicising information this is a document of some importance administratively , since without it the [sign up] would be cluttered , to a greater extent than it is , with files of moribund companies abandoned by their members .

Failure to file the annual return alerts the Registrar and enables him to take appropriate steps leading to the companies ' removal from the register .
failure to file the annual return alerts the registrar and enables him to take appropriate steps leading to the companies ' removal from the [sign up] .

Companies ' Register and Records
companies ' [sign up] and records

These include , for example , directors ' contracts of service , and the registers of : — the directors and secretary , directors ' holdings of , and dealings in , the company 's securities , and ( in the case of a public company ) the register of 3 per cent .
these include , for example , directors ' contracts of service , and the registers of : — the directors and secretary , directors ' holdings of , and dealings in , the company 's securities , and ( in the case of a public company ) the [sign up] of 3 per cent .

Furthermore , the register of charges which the company is required to maintain may be more illuminating than that at Companies House since it must now contain entries of all charges on the company 's property whether or not they require to be registered at Companies House and copies of any instrument creating or evidencing a charge must also be kept .
furthermore , the [sign up] of charges which the company is required to maintain may be more illuminating than that at companies house since it must now contain entries of all charges on the company 's property whether or not they require to be registered at companies house and copies of any instrument creating or evidencing a charge must also be kept .

Both the register and the copies are open to inspection by any creditor or member without payment and by any other person on payment , copies being obtainable on payment .
both the [sign up] and the copies are open to inspection by any creditor or member without payment and by any other person on payment , copies being obtainable on payment .

But there may be legitimate reasons for incorporating a company which is intended to remain dormant indefinitely or for retaining on the register a company which for the time being has ceased to carry on business but which the members may wish to use at some time in the future for the same or some different business .
but there may be legitimate reasons for incorporating a company which is intended to remain dormant indefinitely or for retaining on the [sign up] a company which for the time being has ceased to carry on business but which the members may wish to use at some time in the future for the same or some different business .

Well Mrs Toad is having a sale in her shop + + she has laid out her caish + cash register + + an' a number of pots of tea + + it 's gon na be a special sale because + + so she has th' + a sign up saying + prices are slashed + so she hopes lots of customers will be coming along + to visit her + + while she ‘ s waiting for customers + she goes about setting out the rest of + of the shop + + for things in the sale + + an ’ she brings on + large cans of tin + of tea + + for + she can only carry one at a time + so she walks on with one and puts it on the counter + +
well mrs toad is having a sale in her shop + + she has laid out her caish + cash [sign up] + + an' a number of pots of tea + + it 's gon na be a special sale because + + so she has th' + a sign up saying + prices are slashed + so she hopes lots of customers will be coming along + to visit her + + while she ‘ s waiting for customers + she goes about setting out the rest of + of the shop + + for things in the sale + + an ’ she brings on + large cans of tin + of tea + + for + she can only carry one at a time + so she walks on with one and puts it on the counter + +

We would advise the beginner never to write his cello and bass parts on the same stave : if he does , he will almost surely fall into the error of over-using the double bass , his mind 's ear , which acts through his eye , being almost certain to fail to register the lower octave .
we would advise the beginner never to write his cello and bass parts on the same stave : if he does , he will almost surely fall into the error of over-using the double bass , his mind 's ear , which acts through his eye , being almost certain to fail to [sign up] the lower octave .

The low register of the flute , by which we mean the notes between and including is very rich and beautiful and has been much exploited by composers , especially those of the French school .
the low [sign up] of the flute , by which we mean the notes between and including is very rich and beautiful and has been much exploited by composers , especially those of the french school .

In spite of its richness and apparent power when heard absolutely alone , solo passages in this register are very easily obscured by other instruments and must therefore be very lightly accompanied .
in spite of its richness and apparent power when heard absolutely alone , solo passages in this [sign up] are very easily obscured by other instruments and must therefore be very lightly accompanied .

Its high register gives brilliance and point when doubling at the octave phrases allotted to other wind instruments or to the violins .
its high [sign up] gives brilliance and point when doubling at the octave phrases allotted to other wind instruments or to the violins .

The flute is an extremely agile instrument both in scale and arpeggio work , staccato and legato ( but in its low register the staccato is difficult of clear articulation and is safer avoided ) and is capable of extremely rapid repetition by double- or triple-tonguing in the medium and upper registers .
the flute is an extremely agile instrument both in scale and arpeggio work , staccato and legato ( but in its low [sign up] the staccato is difficult of clear articulation and is safer avoided ) and is capable of extremely rapid repetition by double- or triple-tonguing in the medium and upper registers .

The bottom octave of the clarinet compass ( which is known as the chalumeau register ) is extremely characteristic and unlike any sound produced by any other instrument .
the bottom octave of the clarinet compass ( which is known as the chalumeau [sign up] ) is extremely characteristic and unlike any sound produced by any other instrument .

The tone of the clarinet in this register must be heard and retained in the mind .
the tone of the clarinet in this [sign up] must be heard and retained in the mind .

Its lowest octave is rich , reedy , and powerful and its middle and upper register have a fine slightly throaty quality well suited to dignified and expressive solos .
its lowest octave is rich , reedy , and powerful and its middle and upper [sign up] have a fine slightly throaty quality well suited to dignified and expressive solos .

It is very shrill and piercing in its top register , which thus requires the support of a large orchestral mass .
it is very shrill and piercing in its top [sign up] , which thus requires the support of a large orchestral mass .

The rich sonority of the lower register , in particular , has been exploited to both sinister and tranquil effect from Mahler , Stravinsky , and Prokofiev , to composers of the present day .
the rich sonority of the lower [sign up] , in particular , has been exploited to both sinister and tranquil effect from mahler , stravinsky , and prokofiev , to composers of the present day .

The horn is a profoundly expressive instrument when used for quiet , simple , melodic utterances in its medium register , roughly , say .
the horn is a profoundly expressive instrument when used for quiet , simple , melodic utterances in its medium [sign up] , roughly , say .

Quiet holding notes and fairly stationary filling-in parts constitute the main part of the duty of the horns , as any score will show , but we shall see later on that they are also very useful in doubling other instruments when it is desired to give ‘ body ’ and prominence to a broad melodic line in the tenor register .
quiet holding notes and fairly stationary filling-in parts constitute the main part of the duty of the horns , as any score will show , but we shall see later on that they are also very useful in doubling other instruments when it is desired to give ‘ body ’ and prominence to a broad melodic line in the tenor [sign up] .

The case of the flutes and oboes requires a little more judgement , for , if the chord were high-placed , dovetailing would result in the 1st oboe playing in its thinnest and least effective register , e.g .
the case of the flutes and oboes requires a little more judgement , for , if the chord were high-placed , dovetailing would result in the 1st oboe playing in its thinnest and least effective [sign up] , e.g .

The oboe tends to lose power and body in its upper register , but with the clarinet the opposite is the case .
the oboe tends to lose power and body in its upper [sign up] , but with the clarinet the opposite is the case .

Good unisons are those formed by flute and oboe ( in the low and middle registers of the flute ) , flute and clarinet ( in all available registers ) , flute and bassoon ( flute of course in its low register , and bassoon near the top of its compass ) , flute and horn ( flute low again here , naturally ) .
good unisons are those formed by flute and oboe ( in the low and middle registers of the flute ) , flute and clarinet ( in all available registers ) , flute and bassoon ( flute of course in its low [sign up] , and bassoon near the top of its compass ) , flute and horn ( flute low again here , naturally ) .

Next to these instruments the violas blend best in unison with the clarinet , especially in the chalumeau register of the latter .
next to these instruments the violas blend best in unison with the clarinet , especially in the chalumeau [sign up] of the latter .

For slow-moving expressive passages in the tenor register a horn or two added to the cellos produces a very beautiful rich tone-quality in p and mf .
for slow-moving expressive passages in the tenor [sign up] a horn or two added to the cellos produces a very beautiful rich tone-quality in p and mf .

We have divided the cellos in order to obtain intensity of tone from their high register .
we have divided the cellos in order to obtain intensity of tone from their high [sign up] .

It consists of a strongly marked tune in the tenor register with broken chord-patterns above it and an emphatically rhythmical bass .
it consists of a strongly marked tune in the tenor [sign up] with broken chord-patterns above it and an emphatically rhythmical bass .

In serious breaches of these codes , the professional can be struck off the professional register .
in serious breaches of these codes , the professional can be struck off the professional [sign up] .

Lower register
lower [sign up]

Length can be obtained by simple means : as one canon ends it can continue by voices changing roles — the following voice becoming the leading one — ; and perhaps register ; the polyphony can be altered to canon by inversion , or the parts move backwards in retrograde or as a crab canon ; we can have episodes where augmentation lengthens note-values or diminution shortens them , and towards the end a ‘ stretto ’ can bring imitations at closer intervals , giving a sense of culmination .
length can be obtained by simple means : as one canon ends it can continue by voices changing roles — the following voice becoming the leading one — ; and perhaps [sign up] ; the polyphony can be altered to canon by inversion , or the parts move backwards in retrograde or as a crab canon ; we can have episodes where augmentation lengthens note-values or diminution shortens them , and towards the end a ‘ stretto ’ can bring imitations at closer intervals , giving a sense of culmination .

Note how the melody is kept in a high register ( for power ) , while the less important accompanying parts are in a lower , more subdued range .
note how the melody is kept in a high [sign up] ( for power ) , while the less important accompanying parts are in a lower , more subdued range .

Chords which have adjacent notes or clusters , in a low register .
chords which have adjacent notes or clusters , in a low [sign up] .

notes close together in a low register and other notes far apart in higher octaves .
notes close together in a low [sign up] and other notes far apart in higher octaves .

( When notes are close together in a low register they sound crude and clumsy , and fail to give a good bass to the harmony .
( when notes are close together in a low [sign up] they sound crude and clumsy , and fail to give a good bass to the harmony .

So far , we have mostly considered the use of fourth chords in situations where only one vertical chord is built of perfect fourths superimposed , each note remaining in the same register .
so far , we have mostly considered the use of fourth chords in situations where only one vertical chord is built of perfect fourths superimposed , each note remaining in the same [sign up] .

In Example 142 the horizontal-vertical method is used differently , each note in turn , in whatever voice or register , following the serial order .
in example 142 the horizontal-vertical method is used differently , each note in turn , in whatever voice or [sign up] , following the serial order .

The five double fields ( each related to a professional register ) which comprise the degree in nursing and midwifery involve redefinition of the existing training scheme , accretion of new subject areas in health-related studies and the invention of a new and unique opportunity for intending students .
the five double fields ( each related to a professional [sign up] ) which comprise the degree in nursing and midwifery involve redefinition of the existing training scheme , accretion of new subject areas in health-related studies and the invention of a new and unique opportunity for intending students .

At the same time Twin Books has retracted its assertion that the Collins Angus & Robertson trademark Blinky Bill should be expunged from the Australian register of trademarks .
at the same time twin books has retracted its assertion that the collins angus & robertson trademark blinky bill should be expunged from the australian [sign up] of trademarks .

The inquiry recommended that the Secretary of State for Health clarify responsibility for after-care , that individual pre-discharge plans be specified and a register of designated patients be kept .
the inquiry recommended that the secretary of state for health clarify responsibility for after-care , that individual pre-discharge plans be specified and a [sign up] of designated patients be kept .

Cleo 's face did not register any enthusiasm .
cleo 's face did not [sign up] any enthusiasm .

Tonson got hold of a Fairy Queen script months in advance . He took it along to Stationers ' Hall on 2 November 1691 and entered it in the Stationers ' Register to establish copyright of a sort :
tonson got hold of a fairy queen script months in advance . he took it along to stationers ' hall on 2 november 1691 and entered it in the stationers ' [sign up] to establish copyright of a sort :

Moreover , where a woman dares not register her non-consent because of a man 's violent or frightening behaviour , the law is permitting him to benefit from his own wrong if it grants him a defence on the basis of an honest but unreasonable belief in consent .
moreover , where a woman dares not [sign up] her non-consent because of a man 's violent or frightening behaviour , the law is permitting him to benefit from his own wrong if it grants him a defence on the basis of an honest but unreasonable belief in consent .

The Institute 's new accreditation requirements have been approved and a register of accreditation visitors set up and training commenced .
the institute 's new accreditation requirements have been approved and a [sign up] of accreditation visitors set up and training commenced .

Teaching establishments should register their intention to seek accreditation for a new course as soon as possible so that Candidate Status may be approved and a provisional date for an accreditation visit booked .
teaching establishments should [sign up] their intention to seek accreditation for a new course as soon as possible so that candidate status may be approved and a provisional date for an accreditation visit booked .

The Anthony Nolan Research Centre manages the world 's largest register of potential bone marrow donors .
the anthony nolan research centre manages the world 's largest [sign up] of potential bone marrow donors .

The Assessor 's Department has around 180 full-time staff and its main functions are to compile the valuation roll for non-domestic rates and the electoral register .
the assessor 's department has around 180 full-time staff and its main functions are to compile the valuation roll for non-domestic rates and the electoral [sign up] .

The directors recommended the payment of a final dividend on 7 June 1993 to ordinary shareholders on the register on 29 April 1993 of 1.0 pence per share .
the directors recommended the payment of a final dividend on 7 june 1993 to ordinary shareholders on the [sign up] on 29 april 1993 of 1.0 pence per share .

We have compiled a register of the data we have received showing the purported performance of your local councils .
we have compiled a [sign up] of the data we have received showing the purported performance of your local councils .

Will it be possible for the public to examine the register to check the legal validity of the claims ?
will it be possible for the public to examine the [sign up] to check the legal validity of the claims ?

If , as we suspect , it is to be found by removing old slate tips in Gwynedd , we would want to register our considerable concern at the impact on these tips , most of which have lain undisturbed for decades and contribute in varying degrees to the local landscape , as well as on the rural road network and communities .
if , as we suspect , it is to be found by removing old slate tips in gwynedd , we would want to [sign up] our considerable concern at the impact on these tips , most of which have lain undisturbed for decades and contribute in varying degrees to the local landscape , as well as on the rural road network and communities .

If , as we suspect , it is to be found by removing old slate tips in Gwynedd , we would want to register our considerable concern at the impact on these tips , most of which have lain undisturbed for decades and contribute in varying degrees to the local landscape , as well as on the rural road network and communities .
if , as we suspect , it is to be found by removing old slate tips in gwynedd , we would want to [sign up] our considerable concern at the impact on these tips , most of which have lain undisturbed for decades and contribute in varying degrees to the local landscape , as well as on the rural road network and communities .

Some areas have volunteer clearing agencies where people wishing to volunteer can register .
some areas have volunteer clearing agencies where people wishing to volunteer can [sign up] .

Lyons boldly lists the following ( 1977a : 574 ) , over and above universal principles of logic and language usage : ( i ) knowledge of role and status ( where role covers both role in the speech event , as speaker or addressee , and social role , and status covers notions of relative social standing ) , ( ii ) knowledge of spatial and temporal location , ( iii ) knowledge of formality level , ( iv ) knowledge of the medium ( roughly the code or style appropriate to a channel , like the distinction between written and spoken varieties of a language ) , ( v ) knowledge of appropriate subject matter , ( vi ) knowledge of appropriate province ( or domain determining the register of a language ) .
lyons boldly lists the following ( 1977a : 574 ) , over and above universal principles of logic and language usage : ( i ) knowledge of role and status ( where role covers both role in the speech event , as speaker or addressee , and social role , and status covers notions of relative social standing ) , ( ii ) knowledge of spatial and temporal location , ( iii ) knowledge of formality level , ( iv ) knowledge of the medium ( roughly the code or style appropriate to a channel , like the distinction between written and spoken varieties of a language ) , ( v ) knowledge of appropriate subject matter , ( vi ) knowledge of appropriate province ( or domain determining the [sign up] of a language ) .

The professor may apply through the board of the faculty concerned to the General Board of the Faculties for leave to keep a register regulating the number of students who may be admitted to the practical classes in his department .
the professor may apply through the board of the faculty concerned to the general board of the faculties for leave to keep a [sign up] regulating the number of students who may be admitted to the practical classes in his department .

The General Board shall have power to accept or refuse the application and , if it accepts it , to determine , in consultation with the professor concerned , the number of students whose names may be on the register at any one time and the method of their selection .
the general board shall have power to accept or refuse the application and , if it accepts it , to determine , in consultation with the professor concerned , the number of students whose names may be on the [sign up] at any one time and the method of their selection .

Research students register as Probationer Research Students in the first instance , and , subject to a formal review of progress at the end of the first year , they may have their registration upgraded to that of D.Phil .
research students [sign up] as probationer research students in the first instance , and , subject to a formal review of progress at the end of the first year , they may have their registration upgraded to that of d.phil .

These include statutory backing for a register of authorities and individuals considered competent to release genetically altered organisms and a committee to advise on whether individual such releases should be permitted .
these include statutory backing for a [sign up] of authorities and individuals considered competent to release genetically altered organisms and a committee to advise on whether individual such releases should be permitted .

Patten is expected to address most of the committee 's concerns in his amendments to the bill , but has apparently decided against a public register .
patten is expected to address most of the committee 's concerns in his amendments to the bill , but has apparently decided against a public [sign up] .

( 1 ) In a contested bid ( where little co-operation can be expected from the target ) the offeror will require a copy of the register of members of the target for the purposes of analysing key shareholdings .
( 1 ) in a contested bid ( where little co-operation can be expected from the target ) the offeror will require a copy of the [sign up] of members of the target for the purposes of analysing key shareholdings .

Within this framework a wide range of other headings is covered , from gender to register , from implied reader to cinematic techniques , from deviation to rhyme , sound and rhythm .
within this framework a wide range of other headings is covered , from gender to [sign up] , from implied reader to cinematic techniques , from deviation to rhyme , sound and rhythm .

An epitome of the seller 's title must be provided instead of office copy entries of the Register .
an epitome of the seller 's title must be provided instead of office copy entries of the [sign up] .

In many cases it will also repay you , in subsequent work saved , to register the title to the property .
in many cases it will also repay you , in subsequent work saved , to [sign up] the title to the property .

Particulars of the principal Registers and the persons and bodies who should register and search are given below .
particulars of the principal registers and the persons and bodies who should [sign up] and search are given below .

1 . The Local Land Charges Register
1 . the local land charges [sign up]

( a ) Contents of the Register Established under the Land Charges Act 1925 , this is of importance to every buyer , lessee and mortgagee of any property in England and Wales , because the matters registered are not referred to in either the Registers of registered land nor in the Central Land Charges Register .
( a ) contents of the [sign up] established under the land charges act 1925 , this is of importance to every buyer , lessee and mortgagee of any property in england and wales , because the matters registered are not referred to in either the registers of registered land nor in the central land charges [sign up] .

As well as the contents of the official register ( use official form of request for certificate of search ) , search is invariably made at the same time for other information noted on the records of the local authority of which a buyer needs to be informed ( two forms here ; one for London boroughs and one for all other district councils ) .
as well as the contents of the official [sign up] ( use official form of request for certificate of search ) , search is invariably made at the same time for other information noted on the records of the local authority of which a buyer needs to be informed ( two forms here ; one for london boroughs and one for all other district councils ) .

2 . The Central Land Charges Register
2 . the central land charges [sign up]

( a ) Contents of the Register The Central Land Charges Register , like the Local Land Charges Register , was established under the Land Charges Act 1925 for the purpose of protecting various interests of a less parochial nature than the Local Land Charges Registers .
( a ) contents of the [sign up] the central land charges [sign up] , like the local land charges [sign up] , was established under the land charges act 1925 for the purpose of protecting various interests of a less parochial nature than the local land charges registers .

There is also a Register of Pending Actions affecting land or any interest in land kept by the Land Charges Registrar , but a buyer ( the term includes a lessee and mortgagee ) for value who does not have express notice of such an action will not be bound by it unless it is registered as a land charge .
there is also a [sign up] of pending actions affecting land or any interest in land kept by the land charges registrar , but a buyer ( the term includes a lessee and mortgagee ) for value who does not have express notice of such an action will not be bound by it unless it is registered as a land charge .

Buyers are usually the people fearful of their contract being overreached who register an estate contract , but sometimes lessors will register , or require a lessee to register an option for renewal or for the purchase of the reversion contained in the lease , lest they be pursued under their covenant if , in the meantime , the reversion has been sold before an estate contract has been registered .
buyers are usually the people fearful of their contract being overreached who [sign up] an estate contract , but sometimes lessors will [sign up] , or require a lessee to [sign up] an option for renewal or for the purchase of the reversion contained in the lease , lest they be pursued under their covenant if , in the meantime , the reversion has been sold before an estate contract has been registered .

It 's easy to overlook the need to register after a sale and purchase have been completed , for example , when acting for a seller to register newly imposed restrictive covenants , or for a lessee to register an option to buy the reversion or to renew the lease .
it 's easy to overlook the need to [sign up] after a sale and purchase have been completed , for example , when acting for a seller to [sign up] newly imposed restrictive covenants , or for a lessee to [sign up] an option to buy the reversion or to renew the lease .

There is one exception to this rule of not searching the unregistered Land Charges Register in the case of registered land : prospective mortgagors who are buying a registered property have , as yet ( until they complete their purchase ) , no title to the registered land ; and therefore a bankruptcy or a receiving order made against them would not be disclosed by a title search .
there is one exception to this rule of not searching the unregistered land charges [sign up] in the case of registered land : prospective mortgagors who are buying a registered property have , as yet ( until they complete their purchase ) , no title to the registered land ; and therefore a bankruptcy or a receiving order made against them would not be disclosed by a title search .

( a ) What the Registers contain The three registers that make up the Entries on the Register — the Property Register , the Proprietorship Register and the Charges Register — contain the whole title of the registered proprietor including entries protective of the rights and interests of third parties by registration of notices , cautions , inhibitions and restrictions .
( a ) what the registers contain the three registers that make up the entries on the [sign up] — the property [sign up] , the proprietorship [sign up] and the charges [sign up] — contain the whole title of the registered proprietor including entries protective of the rights and interests of third parties by registration of notices , cautions , inhibitions and restrictions .

They are the counterpart in registered land conveyancing of the protection afforded third parties in unregistered conveyancing by the Central Land Charges Register .
they are the counterpart in registered land conveyancing of the protection afforded third parties in unregistered conveyancing by the central land charges [sign up] .

Notices show on the Register many matters that in unregistered conveyancing would appear in the Land Charges Register or on the title , such as restrictive covenants , a spouse 's interest under the Matrimonial Homes legislation , and a special form of registering a charge over a land certificate ( an equitable charge ) known as a deposit of land certificate .
notices show on the [sign up] many matters that in unregistered conveyancing would appear in the land charges [sign up] or on the title , such as restrictive covenants , a spouse 's interest under the matrimonial homes legislation , and a special form of registering a charge over a land certificate ( an equitable charge ) known as a deposit of land certificate .

The person or body having an interest to protect is the one to register as soon as possible after the interest is vested in them .
the person or body having an interest to protect is the one to [sign up] as soon as possible after the interest is vested in them .

It 's the obligation of the company to register with the Registrar of Companies particulars of all mortgages and charges ( including debentures ) and the duty of every mortgagee to ensure compliance with that obligation .
it 's the obligation of the company to [sign up] with the registrar of companies particulars of all mortgages and charges ( including debentures ) and the duty of every mortgagee to ensure compliance with that obligation .

In the Forest of Dean field local operators register with the Deputy Gaveller and Crown Receiver , Forestry Commission , Crown Offices , Coleford , Gloucestershire .
in the forest of dean field local operators [sign up] with the deputy gaveller and crown receiver , forestry commission , crown offices , coleford , gloucestershire .

The first is the Property Register .
the first is the property [sign up] .

The second register is the Proprietorship Register .
the second [sign up] is the proprietorship [sign up] .

The third and final register is the Charges Register .
the third and final [sign up] is the charges [sign up] .

Also recorded in the Charges Register are any outstanding mortgages , and these will be listed in order of priority .
also recorded in the charges [sign up] are any outstanding mortgages , and these will be listed in order of priority .

Acting for the buyer of a leasehold interest , remember that nowadays one seeks to register with an absolute title , instead of the good leasehold title that some time ago was much more common and acceptable .
acting for the buyer of a leasehold interest , remember that nowadays one seeks to [sign up] with an absolute title , instead of the good leasehold title that some time ago was much more common and acceptable .

Application for office copies of register and title plan are now lodged on Form 109 pursuant to Rule 2 of the Land Registration ( Open Register ) Rules 1990 .
application for office copies of [sign up] and title plan are now lodged on form 109 pursuant to rule 2 of the land registration ( open [sign up] ) rules 1990 .

If only an ordinary copy ( not an office copy ) has been delivered to you , then the date to search from is that on which the land certificate was last checked with the entries on the Register , this being the date given in the land certificate which will be supplied by the seller on appropriate requisition — `` What is the date on which the land certificate was last compared with the entries on the register ? ``
if only an ordinary copy ( not an office copy ) has been delivered to you , then the date to search from is that on which the land certificate was last checked with the entries on the [sign up] , this being the date given in the land certificate which will be supplied by the seller on appropriate requisition — `` what is the date on which the land certificate was last compared with the entries on the [sign up] ? ``

Make your title search four or five days or a week before completion ( five days if you think there may be a pending registration ) , to enable you to complete well within the period of priority that your search gives you — but remember that to gain full protection you must not only complete the purchase within that period , as with unregistered title , but must also within the same period lodge your application to register the transfer or mortgage .
make your title search four or five days or a week before completion ( five days if you think there may be a pending registration ) , to enable you to complete well within the period of priority that your search gives you — but remember that to gain full protection you must not only complete the purchase within that period , as with unregistered title , but must also within the same period lodge your application to [sign up] the transfer or mortgage .

So if you act for both , search in the name of the mortgagee ; if the mortgagee is separately represented , and you are satisfied that a search has been made , you may think it unnecessary to search too , if you are confident that the mortgagee will lodge the application to register transfer and mortgage promptly .
so if you act for both , search in the name of the mortgagee ; if the mortgagee is separately represented , and you are satisfied that a search has been made , you may think it unnecessary to search too , if you are confident that the mortgagee will lodge the application to [sign up] transfer and mortgage promptly .

Remember , if the buyer is borrowing on the security of a mortgage of the registered property , that the buyer is not yet the registered proprietor , and accordingly a land charges search in bankruptcy on the appropriate land charges form should be made against the buyer on behalf of his or her mortgagee in the unregistered Land Charges Register .
remember , if the buyer is borrowing on the security of a mortgage of the registered property , that the buyer is not yet the registered proprietor , and accordingly a land charges search in bankruptcy on the appropriate land charges form should be made against the buyer on behalf of his or her mortgagee in the unregistered land charges [sign up] .

As a seller , deducing title will consist in almost all cases merely of supplying the buyer 's conveyancer with office copy entries on the Register and filed plan ( preferably already delivered with the draft contract ) .
as a seller , deducing title will consist in almost all cases merely of supplying the buyer 's conveyancer with office copy entries on the [sign up] and filed plan ( preferably already delivered with the draft contract ) .

Any mortgages affecting the seller 's title will be revealed by the Charges Register , and will give rise to some such requisition as this : The registered charge ( entries nos on the Charges Register ) must be discharged on or before completion — or if the mortgagee is a building society , add : or the usual undertaking in that behalf handed over on completion .
any mortgages affecting the seller 's title will be revealed by the charges [sign up] , and will give rise to some such requisition as this : the registered charge ( entries nos on the charges [sign up] ) must be discharged on or before completion — or if the mortgagee is a building society , add : or the usual undertaking in that behalf handed over on completion .

Acting for a buyer in such a case the appropriate requisition is : Withdrawal of Notice of Deposit ( entry no on the charges register ) relating to the property must be handed over on completion .
acting for a buyer in such a case the appropriate requisition is : withdrawal of notice of deposit ( entry no on the charges [sign up] ) relating to the property must be handed over on completion .

Lastly , when acting for a buyer prepare your land registry cover or application form ( which you 'll require when lodging your application to register the transfer or for first registration of title , as the case may be ) at the same time as you make your requisitions and prepare the draft conveyance or transfer and other documents preferably in that buyer 's package described at p22 .
lastly , when acting for a buyer prepare your land registry cover or application form ( which you 'll require when lodging your application to [sign up] the transfer or for first registration of title , as the case may be ) at the same time as you make your requisitions and prepare the draft conveyance or transfer and other documents preferably in that buyer 's package described at p22 .

There 's no other register they can search as in the case , for example , of local land charges .
there 's no other [sign up] they can search as in the case , for example , of local land charges .

Notices may be entered on the Register of Title to protect a wide variety of interests — for example , an estate contract , a grant of easements over registered land , a lease or agreement for a lease which is not an overriding interest , and many other matters that it is desired shall come to the notice of all persons dealing with the land .
notices may be entered on the [sign up] of title to protect a wide variety of interests — for example , an estate contract , a grant of easements over registered land , a lease or agreement for a lease which is not an overriding interest , and many other matters that it is desired shall come to the notice of all persons dealing with the land .

The application to register is by letter ( no prescribed form for the purpose ) and must be accompanied by the document creating the interest and a certified copy or examined abstract thereof ; the land certificate must also be produced , or if there is a registered charge the charge certificate if the chargee is to be bound .
the application to [sign up] is by letter ( no prescribed form for the purpose ) and must be accompanied by the document creating the interest and a certified copy or examined abstract thereof ; the land certificate must also be produced , or if there is a registered charge the charge certificate if the chargee is to be bound .

The liquidator of a company can have notice of his appointment entered on the Register .
the liquidator of a company can have notice of his appointment entered on the [sign up] .

As to interests not requiring protection by noting on the Register ( " overriding interests " ) , see head 10 above .
as to interests not requiring protection by noting on the [sign up] ( " overriding interests " ) , see head 10 above .

So acting for a buyer , if no protective entries appear on the Register you need have no qualms ; if they do , you will of course question them by requisition or otherwise .
so acting for a buyer , if no protective entries appear on the [sign up] you need have no qualms ; if they do , you will of course question them by requisition or otherwise .

One of the commonest and most important is a contract for the buyer of a property , protected by a Notice ( the equivalent , in unregistered conveyancing , of the registration on the Central Land Charges Register of an Estate Contract ) .
one of the commonest and most important is a contract for the buyer of a property , protected by a notice ( the equivalent , in unregistered conveyancing , of the registration on the central land charges [sign up] of an estate contract ) .

It 's not common practice to register notice of a contract in all cases , but when , for example , there 's an unusually long deferred completion date , or when your buyer-client suspects the good faith of the seller , or if there is a contract by correspondence , or for any other special reason peculiar to the particular transaction , a Notice should be seriously considered and the client consulted and advised .
it 's not common practice to [sign up] notice of a contract in all cases , but when , for example , there 's an unusually long deferred completion date , or when your buyer-client suspects the good faith of the seller , or if there is a contract by correspondence , or for any other special reason peculiar to the particular transaction , a notice should be seriously considered and the client consulted and advised .

Specimen covenant : The Transferee hereby covenants with the Transferor by way of indemnity only that [ so long as he the Transferee is the registered proprietor of the property hereby transferred ] he will observe and perform the [ positive ] covenants contained or referred to in Entry No 1 of the charges register of the said Title .
specimen covenant : the transferee hereby covenants with the transferor by way of indemnity only that [ so long as he the transferee is the registered proprietor of the property hereby transferred ] he will observe and perform the [ positive ] covenants contained or referred to in entry no 1 of the charges [sign up] of the said title .

Since registration is only compulsory on a purchase for value it is n't necessary to register the devolution of unregistered property on a death .
since registration is only compulsory on a purchase for value it is n't necessary to [sign up] the devolution of unregistered property on a death .

If the title is registered it still is n't essential to register the devolution , because personal representatives can deal with a registered title without themselves being first registered as proprietors ; but if the property is not to be disposed of forthwith , either on sale or by a vesting assent , it 's desirable to register the devolution to the personal representatives as soon as practicable .
if the title is registered it still is n't essential to [sign up] the devolution , because personal representatives can deal with a registered title without themselves being first registered as proprietors ; but if the property is not to be disposed of forthwith , either on sale or by a vesting assent , it 's desirable to [sign up] the devolution to the personal representatives as soon as practicable .

It 's also important to preserve original documents imposing restrictive covenants , granting or reserving easements , etc , since the terms of these are often not set out fully on the Register , and reference to them , and to the exact terms of a covenant , may be necessary at a later date .
it 's also important to preserve original documents imposing restrictive covenants , granting or reserving easements , etc , since the terms of these are often not set out fully on the [sign up] , and reference to them , and to the exact terms of a covenant , may be necessary at a later date .

If land is already registered , and the seller 's conveyancers have supplied office copy entries on the Register , the details of the title can be rapidly assimilated by the experienced conveyancer , and if there are any errors or omissions , these can be quickly spotted .
if land is already registered , and the seller 's conveyancers have supplied office copy entries on the [sign up] , the details of the title can be rapidly assimilated by the experienced conveyancer , and if there are any errors or omissions , these can be quickly spotted .

( 10 ) Entries in the Land Charges Register ( not local land charges ) being matters of title ( although certificates of search are not `` documents of title `` ) that should be abstracted , note these , too , on your notes ; when considering these comprehensively ( see ( 11 ) ) , note for requisitions ( see ( 6 ) ) any which may be missing : if necessary make a search yourself before completion when searching against your seller .
( 10 ) entries in the land charges [sign up] ( not local land charges ) being matters of title ( although certificates of search are not `` documents of title `` ) that should be abstracted , note these , too , on your notes ; when considering these comprehensively ( see ( 11 ) ) , note for requisitions ( see ( 6 ) ) any which may be missing : if necessary make a search yourself before completion when searching against your seller .

If you are acting for a builder-seller selling a new dwelling and the builder is on the National House-Building Council 's register ( Chapter 13 ) , you may not , unless the property is completed some time before completion of the sale , have received the standard notice of insurance cover to hand over , in which case you will give an undertaking to do so as soon as it comes to hand .
if you are acting for a builder-seller selling a new dwelling and the builder is on the national house-building council 's [sign up] ( chapter 13 ) , you may not , unless the property is completed some time before completion of the sale , have received the standard notice of insurance cover to hand over , in which case you will give an undertaking to do so as soon as it comes to hand .

In due course the original will be registered , and after that the entries on the Register will replace it .
in due course the original will be registered , and after that the entries on the [sign up] will replace it .

Further , when acting for the buyer of a leasehold property there will probably be a covenant in the lease to register all transfers , mortgages and other dispositions with the lessor 's solicitors and to pay them a fee prescribed for such registration .
further , when acting for the buyer of a leasehold property there will probably be a covenant in the lease to [sign up] all transfers , mortgages and other dispositions with the lessor 's solicitors and to pay them a fee prescribed for such registration .

Remember how important it is to register the new mortgage at the Companies ' Registry within 21 days of completion .
remember how important it is to [sign up] the new mortgage at the companies ' registry within 21 days of completion .

From the date your application for a title search is received at the local Land Registry , you have 30 working days ( ie not less than six weeks ) within which period your client has priority over any other person who searches or seeks to register a dealing .
from the date your application for a title search is received at the local land registry , you have 30 working days ( ie not less than six weeks ) within which period your client has priority over any other person who searches or seeks to [sign up] a dealing .

So get this search off about a week before completion — you 'll still have plenty of time to stamp and register your transfer within the period of priority .
so get this search off about a week before completion — you 'll still have plenty of time to stamp and [sign up] your transfer within the period of priority .

If for any reason you fail to register the transfer , etc , within the period of priority , you may apply for one ( no more ) fresh certificate .
if for any reason you fail to [sign up] the transfer , etc , within the period of priority , you may apply for one ( no more ) fresh certificate .

Note that to retain protection , the transfer , etc , must be lodged for registration within the period of protection ; in the case of unregistered land the transaction need only be completed within the period of priority given by your search in the Land Charges Register .
note that to retain protection , the transfer , etc , must be lodged for registration within the period of protection ; in the case of unregistered land the transaction need only be completed within the period of priority given by your search in the land charges [sign up] .

There 's one further search that should be made on a purchase or mortgage of unregistered land : if the seller or mortgagor is a limited company , which acquired the land before 1 January 1970 , search the Companies Register to ascertain whether any puisne mortgage ( ie a mortgage not protected by the deposit with the lender of the title deeds , such as a second mortgage ) is noted in its register of charges .
there 's one further search that should be made on a purchase or mortgage of unregistered land : if the seller or mortgagor is a limited company , which acquired the land before 1 january 1970 , search the companies [sign up] to ascertain whether any puisne mortgage ( ie a mortgage not protected by the deposit with the lender of the title deeds , such as a second mortgage ) is noted in its [sign up] of charges .

Dear Sirs , re Ltd Property : We act for the buyer of the above property , and we should be grateful if you would search the register of the above company to ascertain whether any charges or incumbrances or the appointment of a receiver or other matter adverse to the company 's title prior to 1 January 1970 are registered against the said property .
dear sirs , re ltd property : we act for the buyer of the above property , and we should be grateful if you would search the [sign up] of the above company to ascertain whether any charges or incumbrances or the appointment of a receiver or other matter adverse to the company 's title prior to 1 january 1970 are registered against the said property .

In the same conversational turn , he changes the topic to a lengthy , rhapsodic utterance on the flexing motion of the aircraft 's wings : Anderson 's sudden topic-change and subsequent change of register in the very lyrical statement about McKendrick 's cigarette smoke , is partly explained by the fear of flying which he admits to here , and which is indicated just before the topic-change in Stoppard 's stage directions — `` … He glances uneasily out of the window `` ( p. 44 ) , but it is also a noteworthy example of his conversational meandering .
in the same conversational turn , he changes the topic to a lengthy , rhapsodic utterance on the flexing motion of the aircraft 's wings : anderson 's sudden topic-change and subsequent change of [sign up] in the very lyrical statement about mckendrick 's cigarette smoke , is partly explained by the fear of flying which he admits to here , and which is indicated just before the topic-change in stoppard 's stage directions — `` … he glances uneasily out of the window `` ( p. 44 ) , but it is also a noteworthy example of his conversational meandering .

Such a conflict of conversational goals is the domain of pragmatics and will be dealt with later , but its seriousness is strongly implied by Anderson 's very flawed linguistic performance even as he resorts to a higher lexical register to excuse his actions .
such a conflict of conversational goals is the domain of pragmatics and will be dealt with later , but its seriousness is strongly implied by anderson 's very flawed linguistic performance even as he resorts to a higher lexical [sign up] to excuse his actions .

Throughout this turn , he is waiting for a favourable reaction from the two footballers and , in significant contrast to his argument with Hollar , adopts a much less formal register in order not to alienate them .
throughout this turn , he is waiting for a favourable reaction from the two footballers and , in significant contrast to his argument with hollar , adopts a much less formal [sign up] in order not to alienate them .

When abuse or potential abuse is confirmed the conference may decide to place a child 's name on the child protection register .
when abuse or potential abuse is confirmed the conference may decide to place a child 's name on the child protection [sign up] .

The data to be held on the register is specified in Appendix 4 of Working Together and includes details of any relevant offences committed by any adult members of , or regular visitors to , the child 's household .
the data to be held on the [sign up] is specified in appendix 4 of working together and includes details of any relevant offences committed by any adult members of , or regular visitors to , the child 's household .

Once a child 's name is placed on the register an inter-agency child protection plan must be formulated and a key worker appointed with responsibility for implementing this plan .
once a child 's name is placed on the [sign up] an inter-agency child protection plan must be formulated and a key worker appointed with responsibility for implementing this plan .

An entry on the register is not a finding of fact or confirmation of guilt .
an entry on the [sign up] is not a finding of fact or confirmation of guilt .

Solicitors requiring an expert opinion may find it useful to consult the Register of Expert Witnesses maintained by the Law Society ( see Appendix 6 for address ) .
solicitors requiring an expert opinion may find it useful to consult the [sign up] of expert witnesses maintained by the law society ( see appendix 6 for address ) .

What if a rule change , such as the introduction of a new settlement date , is formally communicated to members , but the traders on the floor do not " register " that the change has taken place and carry on trading on the basis of the old date ? There seems a good case for saying that , until the new date is drawn again to members ' attention , the old date continues to be valid .
what if a rule change , such as the introduction of a new settlement date , is formally communicated to members , but the traders on the floor do not " [sign up] " that the change has taken place and carry on trading on the basis of the old date ? there seems a good case for saying that , until the new date is drawn again to members ' attention , the old date continues to be valid .

Maintain a research register with entries indicating the subject of the research , the case on which it was carried out and the lawyer handling the case .
maintain a research [sign up] with entries indicating the subject of the research , the case on which it was carried out and the lawyer handling the case .

No further information needs entering as anybody using the register can obtain details from the lawyer concerned .
no further information needs entering as anybody using the [sign up] can obtain details from the lawyer concerned .

Quantum register
quantum [sign up]

You should therefore maintain an experts register divided into medical , non-medical and counsel .
you should therefore maintain an experts [sign up] divided into medical , non-medical and counsel .

Have a copy of this register in every library in the firm .
have a copy of this [sign up] in every library in the firm .

Other systems in this chapter such as case allocation , case management and the experts register benefit from computerisation but it is by no means essential .
other systems in this chapter such as case allocation , case management and the experts [sign up] benefit from computerisation but it is by no means essential .

The terms of the mortgage may in any event require that the mortgagee be joined as a party to any document affecting the property subject to the charge in its favour , and in registered conveyancing there may be a restriction to this effect on the proprietorship register .
the terms of the mortgage may in any event require that the mortgagee be joined as a party to any document affecting the property subject to the charge in its favour , and in registered conveyancing there may be a restriction to this effect on the proprietorship [sign up] .

It will be appreciated that no reference to the implied covenants will appear on the register ( see r76 ) .
it will be appreciated that no reference to the implied covenants will appear on the [sign up] ( see r76 ) .

If the title to the matrimonial home is registered , then a consent to the transfer will be required from the mortgagee if a restriction to this effect has been entered on the register .
if the title to the matrimonial home is registered , then a consent to the transfer will be required from the mortgagee if a restriction to this effect has been entered on the [sign up] .

As far as registered land is concerned r110 of the Land Registration Rules 1925 covers the position : On a transfer of land subject to a charge or other incumbrance appearing on the register … covenants by either party to pay the money owing and to indemnify the other party may be added to the instrument of transfer and may be noted on the register .
as far as registered land is concerned r110 of the land registration rules 1925 covers the position : on a transfer of land subject to a charge or other incumbrance appearing on the [sign up] … covenants by either party to pay the money owing and to indemnify the other party may be added to the instrument of transfer and may be noted on the [sign up] .

The entry will be placed on the Proprietorship Register and will read : Note : The transfer to the proprietor contains a covenant by her with [ Husband ] to pay the monies secured by Charge No 1 and to indemnify him from all claims and demands in respect thereof .
the entry will be placed on the proprietorship [sign up] and will read : note : the transfer to the proprietor contains a covenant by her with [ husband ] to pay the monies secured by charge no 1 and to indemnify him from all claims and demands in respect thereof .

If the other joint tenant has refused to join in an application to register a restriction then doubtless also there will be difficulty about lodging the land certificate .
if the other joint tenant has refused to join in an application to [sign up] a restriction then doubtless also there will be difficulty about lodging the land certificate .

Where no charge is registered , the registrar , if otherwise prepared to accept the application , may well be prepared to register the restriction without the land certificate provided he is satisfied that severance has taken place ( see Ruoff and Roper , Registered Conveyancing , Looseleaf edn , Sweet and Maxwell , 1991 , 39.21 ) .
where no charge is registered , the registrar , if otherwise prepared to accept the application , may well be prepared to [sign up] the restriction without the land certificate provided he is satisfied that severance has taken place ( see ruoff and roper , registered conveyancing , looseleaf edn , sweet and maxwell , 1991 , 39.21 ) .

Strictly the transfer should contain no reference to the husband 's beneficial interest in the matrimonial home ; this is a minor interest and will disappear with the alteration of the register ( see Key and Elphinstone 's Precedents in Conveyancing , 15th edn , vol 3 , p449 , and Hallett 's Conveyancing Precedents , Sweet and Maxwell , 1965 , p1286 ) .
strictly the transfer should contain no reference to the husband 's beneficial interest in the matrimonial home ; this is a minor interest and will disappear with the alteration of the [sign up] ( see key and elphinstone 's precedents in conveyancing , 15th edn , vol 3 , p449 , and hallett 's conveyancing precedents , sweet and maxwell , 1965 , p1286 ) .

As the transfer deals only with the legal estate , it can be argued that there should properly be a release off the register by the husband of his equitable interest in the matrimonial home to the wife .
as the transfer deals only with the legal estate , it can be argued that there should properly be a release off the [sign up] by the husband of his equitable interest in the matrimonial home to the wife .

It will be recalled ( see Chapter 3 , p35 ) that in the case of registered land , application under r110 of the Land Registration Rules 1925 should be made to note this indemnity on the Register .
it will be recalled ( see chapter 3 , p35 ) that in the case of registered land , application under r110 of the land registration rules 1925 should be made to note this indemnity on the [sign up] .

It will be recalled ( see Chapter 4 , p53 ) that the registrar is not affected with notice of any trust and that references to trusts are excluded from the register so far as possible ( Land Registration Act 1925 , s74 ) .
it will be recalled ( see chapter 4 , p53 ) that the registrar is not affected with notice of any trust and that references to trusts are excluded from the [sign up] so far as possible ( land registration act 1925 , s74 ) .

If the wife and new husband wish to hold as tenants in common , then it must be remembered that the register will not show their respective shares and they should make a separate declaration ( which will be off the register ) as to these , and this will be evidence at a later date should their shares be in dispute ( for instance with the trustee in bankruptcy of either party ) .
if the wife and new husband wish to hold as tenants in common , then it must be remembered that the [sign up] will not show their respective shares and they should make a separate declaration ( which will be off the [sign up] ) as to these , and this will be evidence at a later date should their shares be in dispute ( for instance with the trustee in bankruptcy of either party ) .

If the transfer refers to the shares of the tenants in common , it is thought that this is unobjectionable to the registrar , although no note of the shares will appear on the register .
if the transfer refers to the shares of the tenants in common , it is thought that this is unobjectionable to the registrar , although no note of the shares will appear on the [sign up] .

( b ) Registered land Any reference to a trust will be excluded from the register ( Land Registration Act 1925 , s74 ) .
( b ) registered land any reference to a trust will be excluded from the [sign up] ( land registration act 1925 , s74 ) .

( b ) Registered land If the husband and wife hold as tenants in common , a restriction will already be on the register to the effect that a disposition by a sole proprietor of land ( not being a trust corporation ) under which capital money arises will not be registered except under an order of the Registrar or the Court ( Land Registration Act 1925 , s58 ( 3 ) , Land Registration Rules 1925 , r213 and Land Registration Rules 1989 , r6 ) .
( b ) registered land if the husband and wife hold as tenants in common , a restriction will already be on the [sign up] to the effect that a disposition by a sole proprietor of land ( not being a trust corporation ) under which capital money arises will not be registered except under an order of the registrar or the court ( land registration act 1925 , s58 ( 3 ) , land registration rules 1925 , r213 and land registration rules 1989 , r6 ) .

In addition , of course , there should be a Memorandum off the register or declaration of trust ( see Precedent 53 ) as to the shares in the net proceeds of sale of each party , and obligations as to repair and maintenance .
in addition , of course , there should be a memorandum off the [sign up] or declaration of trust ( see precedent 53 ) as to the shares in the net proceeds of sale of each party , and obligations as to repair and maintenance .

If any charge is given in favour of the husband and is subsequent to a first mortgage , then the husband should register a Class C(i) Land Charge ( puisne mortgage ) against the former wife and serve notice of the second charge on the first mortgagee ( see Precedent 64 ) .
if any charge is given in favour of the husband and is subsequent to a first mortgage , then the husband should [sign up] a class c(i) land charge ( puisne mortgage ) against the former wife and serve notice of the second charge on the first mortgagee ( see precedent 64 ) .

However , where a charge is delivered together with an application to register a transfer involving monetary consideration or before the application is completed , Sched 4 , Abatement 1 , provides that no fee is payable for the registration of the charge .
however , where a charge is delivered together with an application to [sign up] a transfer involving monetary consideration or before the application is completed , sched 4 , abatement 1 , provides that no fee is payable for the registration of the charge .

It had struck her that perhaps that was where Jake had been going that night he 'd called her from Heathrow Airport — on a secret brief honeymoon with Janice after a quick , quiet register office wedding .
it had struck her that perhaps that was where jake had been going that night he 'd called her from heathrow airport — on a secret brief honeymoon with janice after a quick , quiet [sign up] office wedding .

Maclennan is more optimistic about improvements in forecasting than the Coopers and Lybrand team , partly because Scotland has a unique source of house price information ( known as the Register of Sasines ) .
maclennan is more optimistic about improvements in forecasting than the coopers and lybrand team , partly because scotland has a unique source of house price information ( known as the [sign up] of sasines ) .

It provides that the secretary of state may designate an area where he may ‘ compile and maintain a register , of land … owned by a public body ’ which , in his opinion , ‘ is not being used or not being sufficiently used ’ .
it provides that the secretary of state may designate an area where he may ‘ compile and maintain a [sign up] , of land … owned by a public body ’ which , in his opinion , ‘ is not being used or not being sufficiently used ’ .

there has been an increasing acceptance that the government has improved the public sector 's own awareness of its stock of unused land which has , in part , been identified through the land register scheme .
there has been an increasing acceptance that the government has improved the public sector 's own awareness of its stock of unused land which has , in part , been identified through the land [sign up] scheme .

Monitoring and encouraging drug maintenance is largely an administrative task which requires flexible hospital and clinic opening times , a local register of patients needing regular treatment , and for social and clinical services to maintain a constant link to ensure continuous monitoring ( Freeman , 1978 ) .
monitoring and encouraging drug maintenance is largely an administrative task which requires flexible hospital and clinic opening times , a local [sign up] of patients needing regular treatment , and for social and clinical services to maintain a constant link to ensure continuous monitoring ( freeman , 1978 ) .

His pale amber eyes register no expression .
his pale amber eyes [sign up] no expression .

the Law Society should maintain a register of competent and approved accountants , and negotiate a scale of reasonable fees with their respective professional bodies ; the present regulations have not been enforced adequately ; there should be one random spot check per year on the accounts of all firms ;
the law society should maintain a [sign up] of competent and approved accountants , and negotiate a scale of reasonable fees with their respective professional bodies ; the present regulations have not been enforced adequately ; there should be one random spot check per year on the accounts of all firms ;

Individuals and groups can register their interest by contacting : The Royal British Legion , .
individuals and groups can [sign up] their interest by contacting : the royal british legion , .

The choice of vocal register harks back , of course , to Lully 's operas , where basses were assigned the roles of ‘ second-ranking and spurned lovers ’ .
the choice of vocal [sign up] harks back , of course , to lully 's operas , where basses were assigned the roles of ‘ second-ranking and spurned lovers ’ .

She was gabbling nervously , she realised , gradually petering to a halt as the implacable dark face did n't register any reaction whatsoever .
she was gabbling nervously , she realised , gradually petering to a halt as the implacable dark face did n't [sign up] any reaction whatsoever .

She looked up as Sophie returned , leafing through the pages of the veterinary register .
she looked up as sophie returned , leafing through the pages of the veterinary [sign up] .

Momentarily he looked both startled and annoyed . Then , his expression tuned to register only mild surprise , he asked , ‘ How on earth do you pick one person from that kind of crowd ? ’
momentarily he looked both startled and annoyed . then , his expression tuned to [sign up] only mild surprise , he asked , ‘ how on earth do you pick one person from that kind of crowd ? ’

But finally the cash register clunked shut .
but finally the cash [sign up] clunked shut .

Elaine did n't register my birth before she gave me to Mum , and no one seemed to know anything about her , or where she was from .
elaine did n't [sign up] my birth before she gave me to mum , and no one seemed to know anything about her , or where she was from .

Juliet was studying the road map and her mother 's last words did n't register .
juliet was studying the road map and her mother 's last words did n't [sign up] .

‘ For the register of donors you 'd be welcome , but what makes you think you 'll match Donna , when you 're not even distantly related ?
‘ for the [sign up] of donors you 'd be welcome , but what makes you think you 'll match donna , when you 're not even distantly related ?

His ribs were bandaged , his jaw in traction , and wires were stuck in his wrists and chest to register his hearbeat on a sinister machine behind him that flashed his beats per minute in red digits .
his ribs were bandaged , his jaw in traction , and wires were stuck in his wrists and chest to [sign up] his hearbeat on a sinister machine behind him that flashed his beats per minute in red digits .

Since she had been drifting luxuriously into sleep , it took a second for the voice to register , but when it did , it acted like a bucket of ice-cold water flung over her sun-warmed limbs , and she jack-knifed upright , her eyes wide with shock .
since she had been drifting luxuriously into sleep , it took a second for the voice to [sign up] , but when it did , it acted like a bucket of ice-cold water flung over her sun-warmed limbs , and she jack-knifed upright , her eyes wide with shock .

Somehow she 'd known he 'd seek her out , or else she was simply too tired to register any kind of emotion at his intrusion into her dressing-room .
somehow she 'd known he 'd seek her out , or else she was simply too tired to [sign up] any kind of emotion at his intrusion into her dressing-room .

Her fingers dug deep into his shoulders as she clung to him , caught up in a maelstrom of sensation , too stunned by the sheer beauty of it all to register more than the most fleeting second of pain .
her fingers dug deep into his shoulders as she clung to him , caught up in a maelstrom of sensation , too stunned by the sheer beauty of it all to [sign up] more than the most fleeting second of pain .

For example , a contravention of this principle would occur if an organisation were to register the holding of personal data for purposes of personnel management , and use it additionally for marketing purposes .
for example , a contravention of this principle would occur if an organisation were to [sign up] the holding of personal data for purposes of personnel management , and use it additionally for marketing purposes .

Disclosure is therefore not restricted as long as the details are made public , within the requirements of the Register .
disclosure is therefore not restricted as long as the details are made public , within the requirements of the [sign up] .

Two main procedures have been adopted , within European data protection legislation , to achieve the objective of discovering the existence of a file : a public register or a notification procedure .
two main procedures have been adopted , within european data protection legislation , to achieve the objective of discovering the existence of a file : a public [sign up] or a notification procedure .

The second example comes from the growth of EPoSS ( Electronic Point of Sale Scanning ) in retailing , in other words the increasingly common barcode which is passed over a scanning device linked to the cash register .
the second example comes from the growth of eposs ( electronic point of sale scanning ) in retailing , in other words the increasingly common barcode which is passed over a scanning device linked to the cash [sign up] .

Entries in Land Register
entries in land [sign up]

Registered foreign lawyers are required to pay a fee ( £280 for 1991/92 ) on first registration and an annual fee of an amount equal to two thirds of the current practising certificate fee in order to remain on the register .
registered foreign lawyers are required to pay a fee ( £280 for 1991/92 ) on first registration and an annual fee of an amount equal to two thirds of the current practising certificate fee in order to remain on the [sign up] .

One of the best known Classification Societies is Lloyd 's Register of Shipping , based in London .
one of the best known classification societies is lloyd 's [sign up] of shipping , based in london .

For example , Lloyd 's Register surveyors invariably decline to be nominated as experts to determine technical disputes during construction , for this very reason ; and the parties usually refer disputes to arbitration rather than expert determination .
for example , lloyd 's [sign up] surveyors invariably decline to be nominated as experts to determine technical disputes during construction , for this very reason ; and the parties usually refer disputes to arbitration rather than expert determination .

It will , therefore , be in the landlord 's interest as well as the tenant 's to ensure that the option is protected by registration in the appropriate register .
it will , therefore , be in the landlord 's interest as well as the tenant 's to ensure that the option is protected by registration in the appropriate [sign up] .

Example 3:11 Option to renew ( 1 ) The tenant may by notice in writing served not less than six months before the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire call upon the landlord for a further lease of the demised property ( `` the further lease `` ) provided that up to that date he has paid the rent and reasonably performed and observed his covenants ( 2 ) The further lease shall be for a term of ten years from the said date upon the same terms and conditions as this lease ( save as to rent and as to this option for renewal ) and at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ( 3 ) In determining the rent payable under the further lease the arbitrator shall have the same powers as would be enjoyed by the court determining a rent for the demised property under section 34 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 and shall disregard the same matters as are therein specified ( 4 ) This option shall be of no effect if the tenant fails to register it as an estate contract within three months from the date of this lease Example 3:12 Option to renew contracted out tenancy If : ( 1 ) the tenant wishes to take a further tenancy of the demised property for a term of five years from the expiry date of the term hereby created ; and ( 2 ) the tenant gives written notice of his desire to the landlord not more than six nor less than three months before the expiry of the term ; and ( 3 ) up to the date of the notice the tenant has paid the rent and substantially performed his covenants ; and ( 4 ) the tenant joins with the landlord in making an application to the court for an order authorising the exclusion of the provisions of ss24-28 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 in relation to the further tenancy ; and ( 5 ) the court makes such an order then the landlord shall let the demised property to the tenant for a term of five years from the expiry of the term hereby created at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by arbitration and otherwise upon the terms of this lease ( except this option for renewal ) Example 3:13 Clause negativing perpetual renewal Nothing in this clause shall entitle the tenant to renew the tenancy for any term expiring more than twenty years after the beginning of the term of this lease
example 3:11 option to renew ( 1 ) the tenant may by notice in writing served not less than six months before the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire call upon the landlord for a further lease of the demised property ( `` the further lease `` ) provided that up to that date he has paid the rent and reasonably performed and observed his covenants ( 2 ) the further lease shall be for a term of ten years from the said date upon the same terms and conditions as this lease ( save as to rent and as to this option for renewal ) and at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors ( 3 ) in determining the rent payable under the further lease the arbitrator shall have the same powers as would be enjoyed by the court determining a rent for the demised property under section 34 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 and shall disregard the same matters as are therein specified ( 4 ) this option shall be of no effect if the tenant fails to [sign up] it as an estate contract within three months from the date of this lease example 3:12 option to renew contracted out tenancy if : ( 1 ) the tenant wishes to take a further tenancy of the demised property for a term of five years from the expiry date of the term hereby created ; and ( 2 ) the tenant gives written notice of his desire to the landlord not more than six nor less than three months before the expiry of the term ; and ( 3 ) up to the date of the notice the tenant has paid the rent and substantially performed his covenants ; and ( 4 ) the tenant joins with the landlord in making an application to the court for an order authorising the exclusion of the provisions of ss24-28 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 in relation to the further tenancy ; and ( 5 ) the court makes such an order then the landlord shall let the demised property to the tenant for a term of five years from the expiry of the term hereby created at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by arbitration and otherwise upon the terms of this lease ( except this option for renewal ) example 3:13 clause negativing perpetual renewal nothing in this clause shall entitle the tenant to renew the tenancy for any term expiring more than twenty years after the beginning of the term of this lease

Against the possibility that the acquiring member fails to extend the offer , the following remedy can be provided for : If the Acquiring Member shall fail to serve a notice or make an offer in accordance with Article … ( or , if and to the extent that the offer is accepted , the Acquiring Member shall fail to complete the purchase of any shares pursuant to the offer ) he ( and any member with whom he is acting in concert as provided in Article … ) shall cease to have any rights to vote or to dividends in respect of all the shares held by him and the Directors may where relevant refuse to register the transfer of the shares acquired by the Acquiring Member which give rise to the obligations under Article … and may require the Acquiring Member to serve a Transfer Notice in respect of all or any of the shares held by him .
against the possibility that the acquiring member fails to extend the offer , the following remedy can be provided for : if the acquiring member shall fail to serve a notice or make an offer in accordance with article … ( or , if and to the extent that the offer is accepted , the acquiring member shall fail to complete the purchase of any shares pursuant to the offer ) he ( and any member with whom he is acting in concert as provided in article … ) shall cease to have any rights to vote or to dividends in respect of all the shares held by him and the directors may where relevant refuse to [sign up] the transfer of the shares acquired by the acquiring member which give rise to the obligations under article … and may require the acquiring member to serve a transfer notice in respect of all or any of the shares held by him .

Once an agreement has been registered in the register of restrictive agreements ( which is open to public inspection ) , the Director General may refer it to the Restrictive Practices Court for a decision on whether the restrictions it contains are contrary to the public interest .
once an agreement has been registered in the [sign up] of restrictive agreements ( which is open to public inspection ) , the director general may refer it to the restrictive practices court for a decision on whether the restrictions it contains are contrary to the public interest .

Register of contaminated land delayed
[sign up] of contaminated land delayed

The British government has delayed indefinitely the preparation of a register of contaminated land , much of it on inner-city sites with a history of industrial use , because of the effect it would have on land values .
the british government has delayed indefinitely the preparation of a [sign up] of contaminated land , much of it on inner-city sites with a history of industrial use , because of the effect it would have on land values .

The move was strongly criticized by environmental groups , who argued that not compiling the register would not make the problem of soil pollution go away .
the move was strongly criticized by environmental groups , who argued that not compiling the [sign up] would not make the problem of soil pollution go away .

The law requires all businesses which create waste to register with the local waste disposal authority ( either a county or metropolitan council ) .
the law requires all businesses which create waste to [sign up] with the local waste disposal authority ( either a county or metropolitan council ) .

Announcing its decision , the Department of Environment said it had responded to three main criticisms : i ) the register would have listed all potential , not necessarily actual , contaminated sites , since it included all locations where specified industries had been sited ; ii ) sites would not be removed from the register , even if after clean-up ; iii ) there was no specific provision for determining who should bear the liability , and the costs , of the clean-up .
announcing its decision , the department of environment said it had responded to three main criticisms : i ) the [sign up] would have listed all potential , not necessarily actual , contaminated sites , since it included all locations where specified industries had been sited ; ii ) sites would not be removed from the [sign up] , even if after clean-up ; iii ) there was no specific provision for determining who should bear the liability , and the costs , of the clean-up .

Property developers welcomed the decision , arguing that had the register gone ahead , it would have blighted land values across the country , particularly in the ( once heavily-industrialized ) Midlands , and would have depressed efforts for regeneration of run-down urban areas .
property developers welcomed the decision , arguing that had the [sign up] gone ahead , it would have blighted land values across the country , particularly in the ( once heavily-industrialized ) midlands , and would have depressed efforts for regeneration of run-down urban areas .

Many of the sites which would have been included on the register included former gas works , tanneries , smelting plants and rubbish tips .
many of the sites which would have been included on the [sign up] included former gas works , tanneries , smelting plants and rubbish tips .

It suggests that only scientists with `` relevant experience `` be allowed to take charge of trials , and that a register of qualified scientists be drawn up .
it suggests that only scientists with `` relevant experience `` be allowed to take charge of trials , and that a [sign up] of qualified scientists be drawn up .

Many of the applications result from the 1991 Planning & Conservation Act , which requires owners of mineral rights to register Interim Development Orders granted between 1943 and 1948 .
many of the applications result from the 1991 planning & conservation act , which requires owners of mineral rights to [sign up] interim development orders granted between 1943 and 1948 .

There is no election of any local official , be it police chief , register of wills , city auditor , or judge .
there is no election of any local official , be it police chief , [sign up] of wills , city auditor , or judge .

In order to exercise one 's right to vote it is necessary to be on the electoral register , which is compiled annually .
in order to exercise one 's right to vote it is necessary to be on the electoral [sign up] , which is compiled annually .

The head of the household is required by law to complete it and to list all those who are resident in the dwelling on October 10 of that year and are eligible for inclusion , including those who will attain the age of 18 years during the period that the new register comes into effect .
the head of the household is required by law to complete it and to list all those who are resident in the dwelling on october 10 of that year and are eligible for inclusion , including those who will attain the age of 18 years during the period that the new [sign up] comes into effect .

The register then compiled is open for inspection once compiled , which takes effect the following February , and is in force for one year .
the [sign up] then compiled is open for inspection once compiled , which takes effect the following february , and is in force for one year .

Given that people die , sometimes fail to complete the registration forms correctly , or move without applying for a postal vote , the electoral register is never 100 % accurate .
given that people die , sometimes fail to complete the registration forms correctly , or move without applying for a postal vote , the electoral [sign up] is never 100 % accurate .

More than three-quarters of those on the electoral register turned out on each occasion to cast their vote and , of those who did so , more than 90 % voted usually for either the Conservative or Labour candidate .
more than three-quarters of those on the electoral [sign up] turned out on each occasion to cast their vote and , of those who did so , more than 90 % voted usually for either the conservative or labour candidate .

The tiny voltmeters at each porthole all register the voltage as `` normal `` for their porthole .
the tiny voltmeters at each porthole all [sign up] the voltage as `` normal `` for their porthole .

This will change the voltage at any porthole whose current line is affected , and the appropriate voltmeter will register the fact .
this will change the voltage at any porthole whose current line is affected , and the appropriate voltmeter will [sign up] the fact .

The sailor dies in battle , the girl is disowned of her father , the Parish Clerk enters another bastard in the Register .
the sailor dies in battle , the girl is disowned of her father , the parish clerk enters another bastard in the [sign up] .

Head towards the cafeteria and you 'll see the Greenpeace marquee to the right , where you register for the walk .
head towards the cafeteria and you 'll see the greenpeace marquee to the right , where you [sign up] for the walk .

You can come along and register any time after this , bearing in mind that the walk finishes at dusk .
you can come along and [sign up] any time after this , bearing in mind that the walk finishes at dusk .

What the government neglect to highlight is that these people have few rights and conveniently disappear off the unemployment register .
what the government neglect to highlight is that these people have few rights and conveniently disappear off the unemployment [sign up] .

Many thought that training was a technique by the government to take people off the unemployment register or to make them feel that because they were ‘ trainees ’ they were not therefore ‘ unemployed ’ .
many thought that training was a technique by the government to take people off the unemployment [sign up] or to make them feel that because they were ‘ trainees ’ they were not therefore ‘ unemployed ’ .

Statistics hide the latter since married women are usually not registered as unemployed ; if they were on the register , unemployment statistics would change dramatically !
statistics hide the latter since married women are usually not registered as unemployed ; if they were on the [sign up] , unemployment statistics would change dramatically !

We cease to register the full meaning .
we cease to [sign up] the full meaning .

, slim/thin , strong-willed/obstinate ) , of register ( e.g .
, slim/thin , strong-willed/obstinate ) , of [sign up] ( e.g .

, saying ‘ take no thought for the morrow ’ ) are liable not to register with a child as quotations at all .
, saying ‘ take no thought for the morrow ’ ) are liable not to [sign up] with a child as quotations at all .

The eye has to jump ahead to the source marker , or register it peripherally , and link it correctly to the preceding text .
the eye has to jump ahead to the source marker , or [sign up] it peripherally , and link it correctly to the preceding text .

On many occasions the interpolation splits the syntax of the spoken words in ways that require the reader not only to register the speaker but to store and carry over the syntax and sense of the quoted words :
on many occasions the interpolation splits the syntax of the spoken words in ways that require the reader not only to [sign up] the speaker but to store and carry over the syntax and sense of the quoted words :

So , too , was — and remains — the title of the legislation empowering the Registrar of Friendly Societies to register a co-operative as a corporate entity .
so , too , was — and remains — the title of the legislation empowering the registrar of friendly societies to [sign up] a co-operative as a corporate entity .

Not that this is to say that no industry should be owned by the State , not even when , for example , a service to be provided is a natural monopoly ; and the presumption is , therefore , that those who provide it should be accountable to users who can not register dissatisfaction by taking their custom elsewhere , rather than to private owners whose interest is to exploit the monopoly .
not that this is to say that no industry should be owned by the state , not even when , for example , a service to be provided is a natural monopoly ; and the presumption is , therefore , that those who provide it should be accountable to users who can not [sign up] dissatisfaction by taking their custom elsewhere , rather than to private owners whose interest is to exploit the monopoly .

The formulation of a claim to register some need presupposes a response , but the identity of the respondent might be problematic .
the formulation of a claim to [sign up] some need presupposes a response , but the identity of the respondent might be problematic .

In the Pablo Najera arbitration , France had failed to register an agreement between itself and Mexico as required by Article 18 of the League Covenant .
in the pablo najera arbitration , france had failed to [sign up] an agreement between itself and mexico as required by article 18 of the league covenant .

Passed five months later , the act appointed `` examiners `` to register voters and eliminate literacy tests and other devices used to prevent blacks from voting .
passed five months later , the act appointed `` examiners `` to [sign up] voters and eliminate literacy tests and other devices used to prevent blacks from voting .

For French , French speaking territories and Italian registration , the " date de delivrance " obtained from the International Civil Register of Aircraft , Bureau Veritas , has been used .
for french , french speaking territories and italian registration , the " date de delivrance " obtained from the international civil [sign up] of aircraft , bureau veritas , has been used .

Prominence must obviously be understood in relative terms : if features can register on a reader 's mind in his recognition of style , the degree to which they are salient will vary , and the degree to which the reader responds in a given reading will also vary according to a number of factors , such as his attentiveness , sensitivity to style and previous reading experience .
prominence must obviously be understood in relative terms : if features can [sign up] on a reader 's mind in his recognition of style , the degree to which they are salient will vary , and the degree to which the reader responds in a given reading will also vary according to a number of factors , such as his attentiveness , sensitivity to style and previous reading experience .

( iii ) disparities of register and tone : We have already noted euphemisms , genteelisms and circumlocutions , where the choice of locution seems too inflated for the occasion .
( iii ) disparities of [sign up] and tone : we have already noted euphemisms , genteelisms and circumlocutions , where the choice of locution seems too inflated for the occasion .

Such ambivalence makes shifts of register suggestive , for they tend to imply that we are listening to this or that person 's manner of speaking , and to shift point of view accordingly .
such ambivalence makes shifts of [sign up] suggestive , for they tend to imply that we are listening to this or that person 's manner of speaking , and to shift point of view accordingly .

Shifts of register therefore work with other indications of point of view to give a multidimensional sense of situation .
shifts of [sign up] therefore work with other indications of point of view to give a multidimensional sense of situation .

Further to the west the Ingleton Parish Register for the period records after many burials that the dead were `` buried in wool according to the act `` and in Swaledale itself , when Ann Baker was buried in 1692 at Grinton Church , her father , Adam , a lead-miner from Oldgang , was fined five pounds for not burying his daughter in wool .
further to the west the ingleton parish [sign up] for the period records after many burials that the dead were `` buried in wool according to the act `` and in swaledale itself , when ann baker was buried in 1692 at grinton church , her father , adam , a lead-miner from oldgang , was fined five pounds for not burying his daughter in wool .

Could a private citizen obtain a court order to prevent post office workers boycotting mail to South Africa ? Could the Greater London Council lawfully cut tube fares ? Could a taxi driver be deprived of his licence to operate at Heathrow because of misconduct , without being given a chance to put his side of the story ? Could the Secretary of State for Education force a local authority to go ahead with its predecessor council 's plan to ‘ comprehensivize ’ schools in its area ? Could parents force a local authority to keep schools open during a strike of ancillary workers ? When is the Home Office entitled to change policy guidelines concerning the release of prisoners on licence or the admission to Britain of immigrant children wanted for adoption here ? Could the government ban union membership amongst civil servants working at its intelligence headquarters without consulting union leaders ? Could Spanish owners of fishing vessels force the government to allow the vessels to fish in British waters pending a decision as to whether they were entitled to do so under European Community law ? Could campaigners for the preservation of the remains of Shakespeare 's Rose theatre challenge a decision to register the remains as a national monument ? Could the government lawfully ban transmission of the voices of members of terrorist organizations ?
could a private citizen obtain a court order to prevent post office workers boycotting mail to south africa ? could the greater london council lawfully cut tube fares ? could a taxi driver be deprived of his licence to operate at heathrow because of misconduct , without being given a chance to put his side of the story ? could the secretary of state for education force a local authority to go ahead with its predecessor council 's plan to ‘ comprehensivize ’ schools in its area ? could parents force a local authority to keep schools open during a strike of ancillary workers ? when is the home office entitled to change policy guidelines concerning the release of prisoners on licence or the admission to britain of immigrant children wanted for adoption here ? could the government ban union membership amongst civil servants working at its intelligence headquarters without consulting union leaders ? could spanish owners of fishing vessels force the government to allow the vessels to fish in british waters pending a decision as to whether they were entitled to do so under european community law ? could campaigners for the preservation of the remains of shakespeare 's rose theatre challenge a decision to [sign up] the remains as a national monument ? could the government lawfully ban transmission of the voices of members of terrorist organizations ?

Furthermore , sometimes the government expressly delegates public administrative functions to non-governmental bodies : for example , under the Financial Services Act 1986 the Securities and Investments Board exercises a wide range of regulatory functions delegated to it by the Secretary of State ; the Board of Deputies of British Jews plays an important role in policing certain Sunday Trading laws ; the Wood Green Animal Shelter in North London runs the government 's computerized register of fighting dogs ; and the Rowntree Trust ( a private charitable organization ) administers the Family Fund ( a public fund to assist families of severely handicapped children ) .
furthermore , sometimes the government expressly delegates public administrative functions to non-governmental bodies : for example , under the financial services act 1986 the securities and investments board exercises a wide range of regulatory functions delegated to it by the secretary of state ; the board of deputies of british jews plays an important role in policing certain sunday trading laws ; the wood green animal shelter in north london runs the government 's computerized [sign up] of fighting dogs ; and the rowntree trust ( a private charitable organization ) administers the family fund ( a public fund to assist families of severely handicapped children ) .

Corporatist arrangements may be given effect to formally by statute ( as in the case of the complex system of structured self-regulation established by the Financial Services Act 1986 ) or by contract ( as in the case of the contracting out of the running of the register of fighting dogs ) ; or they may operate purely by way of informal agreement .
corporatist arrangements may be given effect to formally by statute ( as in the case of the complex system of structured self-regulation established by the financial services act 1986 ) or by contract ( as in the case of the contracting out of the running of the [sign up] of fighting dogs ) ; or they may operate purely by way of informal agreement .

In addition , and for the first time , a register will be established for all works of art entering the country .
in addition , and for the first time , a [sign up] will be established for all works of art entering the country .

Often works are farmed out to professional restorers who are required to register with the Ufficio Istruzione Restauri .
often works are farmed out to professional restorers who are required to [sign up] with the ufficio istruzione restauri .

Once his officers had been provided with a comprehensive register of the homages and other obligations of Gascon vassals , Edward could set about the task of governing his duchy with some confidence .
once his officers had been provided with a comprehensive [sign up] of the homages and other obligations of gascon vassals , edward could set about the task of governing his duchy with some confidence .

In a papal register of 1322–3 an Avignonese clerk noted that there were two reasons for the disturbed state of Aquitaine at that time : the existence of laws and customs which were neither written down nor consistent with justice or reason ; and the maintenance of excessively large households and retinues by the nobility .
in a papal [sign up] of 1322–3 an avignonese clerk noted that there were two reasons for the disturbed state of aquitaine at that time : the existence of laws and customs which were neither written down nor consistent with justice or reason ; and the maintenance of excessively large households and retinues by the nobility .

Even the Art Loss Register , which plans to open an office in Japan , carefully avoids any probing into the subject .
even the art loss [sign up] , which plans to open an office in japan , carefully avoids any probing into the subject .

Register of Professional Photographers and Buyers Guide : The listings in this register are classified by county and town and an indication is given of the type of work carried out .
[sign up] of professional photographers and buyers guide : the listings in this [sign up] are classified by county and town and an indication is given of the type of work carried out .

His first world title came the following year when his Alfa enabled him to register three more wins and a six-point win over Ascari in the championship .
his first world title came the following year when his alfa enabled him to [sign up] three more wins and a six-point win over ascari in the championship .

Not until after 1753 with Lord Hardwick 's Marriage Act did the church wedding as opposed to verbal spousehoods become the single legally binding form , with compulsory registration in the parish register , parental consent enshrined up to the age of 21 and enforcement transferred to the secular authorities .
not until after 1753 with lord hardwick 's marriage act did the church wedding as opposed to verbal spousehoods become the single legally binding form , with compulsory registration in the parish [sign up] , parental consent enshrined up to the age of 21 and enforcement transferred to the secular authorities .

Membership is free after all , and with all the bonuses listed above can you afford not to register ?
membership is free after all , and with all the bonuses listed above can you afford not to [sign up] ?

You can register a letter for any country , but you would only receive a small amount of compensation for loss or damage .
you can [sign up] a letter for any country , but you would only receive a small amount of compensation for loss or damage .

But their importance was overlaid by the less formal and increasingly numerous letters of the type found in the state papers , the Privy Council 's register , and private collections : letters that conveyed information , advice , admonition , and informal orders ; documents that were not bound by the rigid formularies of legal requirement .
but their importance was overlaid by the less formal and increasingly numerous letters of the type found in the state papers , the privy council 's [sign up] , and private collections : letters that conveyed information , advice , admonition , and informal orders ; documents that were not bound by the rigid formularies of legal requirement .

As aliens , they have to register with the authorities annually .
as aliens , they have to [sign up] with the authorities annually .

Accent , dialect and the register of our voice ( whether we use formal or informal language ) all add to the variety , as does our use of idioms and colloquialisms .
accent , dialect and the [sign up] of our voice ( whether we use formal or informal language ) all add to the variety , as does our use of idioms and colloquialisms .

There is a register of firms and a register of companies .
there is a [sign up] of firms and a [sign up] of companies .

The register itself is a specialized department of the companies court , which again is a section of the high court ( organized separately in each county ) .
the [sign up] itself is a specialized department of the companies court , which again is a section of the high court ( organized separately in each county ) .

This leaflet is designed to outline the procedures through which you , the customer , can register your views or seek redress .
this leaflet is designed to outline the procedures through which you , the customer , can [sign up] your views or seek redress .

In 1975 there were over six thousand cultivars listed in the National Apple Register in Britain .
in 1975 there were over six thousand cultivars listed in the national apple [sign up] in britain .

Now it appears to be on the ‘ at risk ’ register , its reputation battered and bruised , part of it under review before it has even reached its first birthday .
now it appears to be on the ‘ at risk ’ [sign up] , its reputation battered and bruised , part of it under review before it has even reached its first birthday .

Markets are thus superior mechanisms to central planning systems because they have in-built discovery procedures through the ability of the pricing system to register preferences .
markets are thus superior mechanisms to central planning systems because they have in-built discovery procedures through the ability of the pricing system to [sign up] preferences .

Check-in and register guests .
check-in and [sign up] guests .

The Police , Home Office officials , and people holding a court warrant are the only persons who may inspect the hotel register on demand , but then only in the presence of the management in the privacy of an office .
the police , home office officials , and people holding a court warrant are the only persons who may inspect the hotel [sign up] on demand , but then only in the presence of the management in the privacy of an office .

On arrival the guest must complete a registration form ( see Fig. 3.8b ) or sign the hotel register ( see Fig. 3.21 ) .
on arrival the guest must complete a registration form ( see fig. 3.8b ) or sign the hotel [sign up] ( see fig. 3.21 ) .

Groups can register in the usual way when they arrive , each individual completing a separate registration form .
groups can [sign up] in the usual way when they arrive , each individual completing a separate registration form .

The law requires that guests must register with the hotel ( see Chapter 8 ) .
the law requires that guests must [sign up] with the hotel ( see chapter 8 ) .

Some small hotels still maintain a hotel register in either book form or ( Fig .
some small hotels still maintain a hotel [sign up] in either book form or ( fig .

The receptionist welcomes the guests with a smile and greeting , hands the pen to them and asks if they will kindly complete the registration form ( Fig. 3.8 ) or sign the hotel register ( Fig. 3.21 ) .
the receptionist welcomes the guests with a smile and greeting , hands the pen to them and asks if they will kindly complete the registration form ( fig. 3.8 ) or sign the hotel [sign up] ( fig. 3.21 ) .

An alien ( foreign national ) in addition must register ( the Immigration Hotel Records Order 1972 ) :
an alien ( foreign national ) in addition must [sign up] ( the immigration hotel records order 1972 ) :

The Sweda is an electronic hotel posting machine and cash register which has been specially tailored for the hotel industry .
the sweda is an electronic hotel posting machine and cash [sign up] which has been specially tailored for the hotel industry .

By virtue of the Immigration ( Hotel Records ) Order 1972 all guests over the age of sixteen are required upon arrival at a hotel to register their full name and nationality , or have it registered for them .
by virtue of the immigration ( hotel records ) order 1972 all guests over the age of sixteen are required upon arrival at a hotel to [sign up] their full name and nationality , or have it registered for them .

Each guest must be the subject of a separate entry in the hotel register .
each guest must be the subject of a separate entry in the hotel [sign up] .

George Steiner wrote , of the Supplement , that it is ‘ a piece of vital history , a register of consciousness ’ .
george steiner wrote , of the supplement , that it is ‘ a piece of vital history , a [sign up] of consciousness ’ .

All noblemen over the age of 15 were to register for service and proceed through the fourteen grades of a carefully constructed Table of Ranks ( 1722 ) drawn up for military , civil , and court service .
all noblemen over the age of 15 were to [sign up] for service and proceed through the fourteen grades of a carefully constructed table of ranks ( 1722 ) drawn up for military , civil , and court service .

Cases are ascertained from cancer registries , the Northern Region Children 's Malignant Disease Registry ( for 1968 onwards ) , the Manchester Children 's Tumour Registry ( for cases occurring before 1974 in the area now called South Cumbria ) , death certificates , entries to the Medical Research Council leukaemia trials ( 1970 onwards ) , and the register of the United Kingdom Children 's Cancer Study Group ( 1977 onwards ) .
cases are ascertained from cancer registries , the northern region children 's malignant disease registry ( for 1968 onwards ) , the manchester children 's tumour registry ( for cases occurring before 1974 in the area now called south cumbria ) , death certificates , entries to the medical research council leukaemia trials ( 1970 onwards ) , and the [sign up] of the united kingdom children 's cancer study group ( 1977 onwards ) .

For 1984–90 a comparison between the Northern region 's children 's register and the data collection study found no additional cases for Allerdale and Copeland , but for the rest of Cumbria seven were added to the register .
for 1984–90 a comparison between the northern region 's children 's [sign up] and the data collection study found no additional cases for allerdale and copeland , but for the rest of cumbria seven were added to the [sign up] .

It is important that the national epidemiological project ( the phenylketonuria register ) should continue to monitor the screening programme and follow up adolescents and young adults , as well as women of fertile age and their offspring , so that long term outcome can be documented .
it is important that the national epidemiological project ( the phenylketonuria [sign up] ) should continue to monitor the screening programme and follow up adolescents and young adults , as well as women of fertile age and their offspring , so that long term outcome can be documented .

The control unit contains a special storage device or register , the program counter , which contains the address of the store location holding the next instruction to be executed or obeyed .
the control unit contains a special storage device or [sign up] , the program counter , which contains the address of the store location holding the next instruction to be executed or obeyed .

The index register
the index [sign up]

By controlling the value held in the index register , we can make the add instruction refer to a different element each time it is executed .
by controlling the value held in the index [sign up] , we can make the add instruction refer to a different element each time it is executed .

We now need instructions to insert a value into the index register , or to modify the value held ( for example , by adding one ) .
we now need instructions to insert a value into the index [sign up] , or to modify the value held ( for example , by adding one ) .

In this example we initialize the index register to zero and , on each iteration of the loop , we add one to the value held by the index register before executing the add instruction .
in this example we initialize the index [sign up] to zero and , on each iteration of the loop , we add one to the value held by the index [sign up] before executing the add instruction .

To this end each transput device has an associated one-bit register , which is cleared as an operation starts and is set to one when it terminates ; an instruction is provided to read this register , and thus the programmer can establish when a transput operation is complete .
to this end each transput device has an associated one-bit [sign up] , which is cleared as an operation starts and is set to one when it terminates ; an instruction is provided to read this [sign up] , and thus the programmer can establish when a transput operation is complete .

Such a one-bit register holding information as to the status of a transput unit is called a flag ; more generally , we use the term flag to refer to any one-bit field holding status information ( whether in a special register or in a portion of a store location ) .
such a one-bit [sign up] holding information as to the status of a transput unit is called a flag ; more generally , we use the term flag to refer to any one-bit field holding status information ( whether in a special [sign up] or in a portion of a store location ) .

Thus we have a processor register called the accumulator , the same length as a word of computer storage .
thus we have a processor [sign up] called the accumulator , the same length as a word of computer storage .

The hardware to perform multiplication requires two n-bit registers to hold the multiplier and multiplicand , and a 2n-bit register to hold the product , since it may have up to ( 2n-1 ) significant bits .
the hardware to perform multiplication requires two n-bit registers to hold the multiplier and multiplicand , and a 2n-bit [sign up] to hold the product , since it may have up to ( 2n-1 ) significant bits .

Instead they can occupy the left- and right-hand portions of a single 2n-bit register After a multiplier bit has been examined , it is dropped by shifting the partial product and multiplier together one position to the right .
instead they can occupy the left- and right-hand portions of a single 2n-bit [sign up] after a multiplier bit has been examined , it is dropped by shifting the partial product and multiplier together one position to the right .

Notice also how all the additions take place in the left-hand half of this 2n-bit register .
notice also how all the additions take place in the left-hand half of this 2n-bit [sign up] .

For this reason the 2n-bit register has in the past usually been implemented as an n-bit accumulator extended on the right by a special n-bit register for multiplication ( and division , as we shall see ) .
for this reason the 2n-bit [sign up] has in the past usually been implemented as an n-bit accumulator extended on the right by a special n-bit [sign up] for multiplication ( and division , as we shall see ) .

Double.length shifts are usually provided , where bits shifted out of one register of the double.length accumulator are shifted into the other .
double.length shifts are usually provided , where bits shifted out of one [sign up] of the double.length accumulator are shifted into the other .

The basic requirement is for a carry flag , a one-bit processor register which is set according to whether or not carry occurs out of the accumulator during an arithmetic operation ; the carry is out of the left-hand or next to the left-hand bit position , depending on whether the left-hand bit Position participates in multiple.length arithmetic or not .
the basic requirement is for a carry flag , a one-bit processor [sign up] which is set according to whether or not carry occurs out of the accumulator during an arithmetic operation ; the carry is out of the left-hand or next to the left-hand bit position , depending on whether the left-hand bit position participates in multiple.length arithmetic or not .

The mask may be held in an implied processor register ( for example accumulator zero in a computer with an array of accumulators ) or in a store location specified in the instruction .
the mask may be held in an implied processor [sign up] ( for example accumulator zero in a computer with an array of accumulators ) or in a store location specified in the instruction .

An alternative approach is for the instruction to scan from ( usually ) the most-significant to the least.significant end of the word , searching for the first bit set to one , and placing the number of that bit position in a suitable register , Notice the similarity between this operation and the " shift and count " instruction discussed in the last section .
an alternative approach is for the instruction to scan from ( usually ) the most-significant to the least.significant end of the word , searching for the first bit set to one , and placing the number of that bit position in a suitable [sign up] , notice the similarity between this operation and the " shift and count " instruction discussed in the last section .

( b ) If the computer has more than one processor register , then instructions are necessary to transfer values to and from these registers , the source or destination of the value being either another processor register or a store location .
( b ) if the computer has more than one processor [sign up] , then instructions are necessary to transfer values to and from these registers , the source or destination of the value being either another processor [sign up] or a store location .

The selected portion is aligned with the least-significant portion of the other operand ( held in a processor register ) , and sign extension may or may not be applied ( depending on the size of the portion and the value in the selection field ) .
the selected portion is aligned with the least-significant portion of the other operand ( held in a processor [sign up] ) , and sign extension may or may not be applied ( depending on the size of the portion and the value in the selection field ) .

On this computer simultaneous addition or subtraction may also be performed on corresponding halves or thirds of two words , one in a processor register and one in a store location .
on this computer simultaneous addition or subtraction may also be performed on corresponding halves or thirds of two words , one in a processor [sign up] and one in a store location .

The use of a mode register reduces the number of operation codes required , but it does not eliminate the problem of an instruction being given operands of one format when it expects another format .
the use of a mode [sign up] reduces the number of operation codes required , but it does not eliminate the problem of an instruction being given operands of one format when it expects another format .

The larger portion holds a numeric value , and the smaller , the addressing mode field , specifies how the numeric value is to be interpreted ; for example , as a numeric quantity for direct use ( see the next section ) , as a store address , or as a numeric quantity to be added to the contents of an index register to form a store address .
the larger portion holds a numeric value , and the smaller , the addressing mode field , specifies how the numeric value is to be interpreted ; for example , as a numeric quantity for direct use ( see the next section ) , as a store address , or as a numeric quantity to be added to the contents of an index [sign up] to form a store address .

Often this field simply encodes the number of the index register to be used , with one value implying `` no indexing `` : any other addressing methods available would then be specified as part of the operation code field .
often this field simply encodes the number of the index [sign up] to be used , with one value implying `` no indexing `` : any other addressing methods available would then be specified as part of the operation code field .

These include tests on the accumulator and carry register ( group 2 ) if the right-hand bit of the field is zero , and operations on an ( optional ) extended arithmetic element such as multiplication and division ( group 3 ) if it is one .
these include tests on the accumulator and carry [sign up] ( group 2 ) if the right-hand bit of the field is zero , and operations on an ( optional ) extended arithmetic element such as multiplication and division ( group 3 ) if it is one .

The most important such special register ( after the accumulator ) is the index register ( or registers ) .
the most important such special [sign up] ( after the accumulator ) is the index [sign up] ( or registers ) .

We have seen that one implicit method of specifying an operand or result location is to imply the use of a processor register , such as the accumulator .
we have seen that one implicit method of specifying an operand or result location is to imply the use of a processor [sign up] , such as the accumulator .

Such an `` increment count and jump `` instruction specifies an accumulator , index register , or store location whose contents are to be used as a loop counter ( and which will have been initialized by another instruction ) .
such an `` increment count and jump `` instruction specifies an accumulator , index [sign up] , or store location whose contents are to be used as a loop counter ( and which will have been initialized by another instruction ) .

Index register manipulation
index [sign up] manipulation

An index register normally holds the offset of the current element within the vector , and needs suitable modification between iterations of the loop .
an index [sign up] normally holds the offset of the current element within the vector , and needs suitable modification between iterations of the loop .

We may terminate the loop either by means of an " increment ( decrement ) count and jump on zero " instruction , or when the contents of the index register reach a certain value ( in which case we need an instruction to compare an index register with a store location ) .
we may terminate the loop either by means of an " increment ( decrement ) count and jump on zero " instruction , or when the contents of the index [sign up] reach a certain value ( in which case we need an instruction to compare an index [sign up] with a store location ) .

The groups of instructions to manipulate index registers need to specify an index register and a store location .
the groups of instructions to manipulate index registers need to specify an index [sign up] and a store location .

In the past the field which normally specified the addressing mode was often used in these instructions to specify the index register to be manipulated , thus reducing the available addressing modes .
in the past the field which normally specified the addressing mode was often used in these instructions to specify the index [sign up] to be manipulated , thus reducing the available addressing modes .

( a ) An index register is divided into a modifier field and a loop count field : the former holds the value to be added to the operand field of an instruction requiring indexed addressing .
( a ) an index [sign up] is divided into a modifier field and a loop count field : the former holds the value to be added to the operand field of an instruction requiring indexed addressing .

An instruction adds one to each field of a specified index register , and jumps to a specified address unless the loop count field has reached zero .
an instruction adds one to each field of a specified index [sign up] , and jumps to a specified address unless the loop count field has reached zero .

( b ) An index register is divided into a modifier field ( as before ) and an index limit field .
( b ) an index [sign up] is divided into a modifier field ( as before ) and an index limit field .

An instruction adds one to the modifier field of a specified index register , and jumps to a specified address unless the two fields are equal .
an instruction adds one to the modifier field of a specified index [sign up] , and jumps to a specified address unless the two fields are equal .

One special use for an index register is to implement a stack in an area of store , by having the modifier field point to the current top element of the stack .
one special use for an index [sign up] is to implement a stack in an area of store , by having the modifier field point to the current top element of the stack .

The return to the calling routine is by a jump using an address indexed by the appropriate index register .
the return to the calling routine is by a jump using an address indexed by the appropriate index [sign up] .

For this reason most computers run in two modes or states , the supervisor ( or master ) mode and the problem ( or slave ) mode ; the current mode is signalled by a one-bit register in the processor .
for this reason most computers run in two modes or states , the supervisor ( or master ) mode and the problem ( or slave ) mode ; the current mode is signalled by a one-bit [sign up] in the processor .

We introduced the processor mode register to distinguish two modes of running , the difference between the two modes being whether or not privileged instructions were enabled .
we introduced the processor mode [sign up] to distinguish two modes of running , the difference between the two modes being whether or not privileged instructions were enabled .

Instead we can design a computer which has as its instruction set a set of primitive operations ( or micro-instructions ) , to cause control signals to be Sent to the various parts of the computer , and data to be transferred from one processor register to another .
instead we can design a computer which has as its instruction set a set of primitive operations ( or micro-instructions ) , to cause control signals to be sent to the various parts of the computer , and data to be transferred from one processor [sign up] to another .

In 3.3 and problem 3.10 a number of different groups of instructions were mentioned , which involved modifying the contents of an index register .
in 3.3 and problem 3.10 a number of different groups of instructions were mentioned , which involved modifying the contents of an index [sign up] .

Consider a computer with multiple arrays of accumulators and control registers , in which a process 's complete context is contained in one array of accumulators and one array of control registers ( in particular , the program counter is a control register ) .
consider a computer with multiple arrays of accumulators and control registers , in which a process 's complete context is contained in one array of accumulators and one array of control registers ( in particular , the program counter is a control [sign up] ) .

Initially , the main aim of this research was to demonstrate the inaccuracy of Chomsky 's characterization of the input as `` random and degenerate `` but , more recently , attempts have been made to show that particular features of this register actually facilitate the learner 's task .
initially , the main aim of this research was to demonstrate the inaccuracy of chomsky 's characterization of the input as `` random and degenerate `` but , more recently , attempts have been made to show that particular features of this [sign up] actually facilitate the learner 's task .

It would even be possible for people to watch a political or parliamentary debate at home on television , and then register their vote or opinion at the end of it by pressing a button or making a free phone-call .
it would even be possible for people to watch a political or parliamentary debate at home on television , and then [sign up] their vote or opinion at the end of it by pressing a button or making a free phone-call .

They ca n't register their children at schools or use the Mexican health system for fear of detection .
they ca n't [sign up] their children at schools or use the mexican health system for fear of detection .

Paper sensitized with platinum salts can , in experienced hands , suggest luminosity within the paper , register an unrivalled tonal range and remain permanently pristine .
paper sensitized with platinum salts can , in experienced hands , suggest luminosity within the paper , [sign up] an unrivalled tonal range and remain permanently pristine .

All Commonwealth citizens and citizens of the Republic of Ireland are entitled to vote if they are 18 , are resident in a parliamentary constituency on the qualifying date , and are not subject to any legal incapacity and appear in the appropriate register of electors .
all commonwealth citizens and citizens of the republic of ireland are entitled to vote if they are 18 , are resident in a parliamentary constituency on the qualifying date , and are not subject to any legal incapacity and appear in the appropriate [sign up] of electors .

The gold leaf electroscope , available early in the nineteenth century , was too insensitive to register the tiny changes in potential difference associated with nervous and muscular activity .
the gold leaf electroscope , available early in the nineteenth century , was too insensitive to [sign up] the tiny changes in potential difference associated with nervous and muscular activity .

It seems to have been at its worst among the women , according to the weekly out-of-work register , in 1934–6 , when 10–15 per cent of the membership was regularly signing on .
it seems to have been at its worst among the women , according to the weekly out-of-work [sign up] , in 1934–6 , when 10–15 per cent of the membership was regularly signing on .

Over a third of all nurses who enter training never join the register .
over a third of all nurses who enter training never join the [sign up] .

Even if a voice with darker timbres might ideally be preferable , the touch of shrillness in the upper register is well compensated for by her ability to shape the wide-ranging lines and articulate ( with only rare hints of less than perfect German vowels ) the allusive texts .
even if a voice with darker timbres might ideally be preferable , the touch of shrillness in the upper [sign up] is well compensated for by her ability to shape the wide-ranging lines and articulate ( with only rare hints of less than perfect german vowels ) the allusive texts .

One reason for this is the need to maintain an up-to-date register of those liable to pay .
one reason for this is the need to maintain an up-to-date [sign up] of those liable to pay .

This register is not identical to the electoral register and includes foreigners resident in this country and others not entitled to vote .
this [sign up] is not identical to the electoral [sign up] and includes foreigners resident in this country and others not entitled to vote .

The number on the register is far greater than the number formerly liable for domestic rates — one reason for the introduction of the new system — and it is correspondingly more difficult to prevent non-registration and evasion .
the number on the [sign up] is far greater than the number formerly liable for domestic rates — one reason for the introduction of the new system — and it is correspondingly more difficult to prevent non-registration and evasion .

The same Electoral Register is used for both types of election and much the same criteria for inclusion and exclusion are applied .
the same electoral [sign up] is used for both types of election and much the same criteria for inclusion and exclusion are applied .

Before that Act non-residents could register for the vote in local elections if they occupied property in the area with a rateable value of at least £ 10 per annum .
before that act non-residents could [sign up] for the vote in local elections if they occupied property in the area with a rateable value of at least £ 10 per annum .

Indeed the Professor 's raps frequently fail to rise above their musical platforms , which is by no means necessarily a bad thing ( especially given their content ) , since said platforms score highly on the think-I'm-gonna-dance register .
indeed the professor 's raps frequently fail to rise above their musical platforms , which is by no means necessarily a bad thing ( especially given their content ) , since said platforms score highly on the think-i'm-gonna-dance [sign up] .

During 1917 , while visiting England to prove a family will , Michael and Gertrude were required to register under the Aliens Restriction Order .
during 1917 , while visiting england to prove a family will , michael and gertrude were required to [sign up] under the aliens restriction order .

An act designed to register Korean antagonism to the consolidation of Japanese dominance in Korea undertaken by Ito ironically led to the imposition of full Japanese rule in 1910 .
an act designed to [sign up] korean antagonism to the consolidation of japanese dominance in korea undertaken by ito ironically led to the imposition of full japanese rule in 1910 .

Dr Henry Allbut was struck off the register in 1880 for publishing The Wife 's Handbook , popularizing contraceptive knowledge .
dr henry allbut was struck off the [sign up] in 1880 for publishing the wife 's handbook , popularizing contraceptive knowledge .

Couples who register their births together are likely to be living together ( Werner 1982 , Haskey and Coleman 1986 ) .
couples who [sign up] their births together are likely to be living together ( werner 1982 , haskey and coleman 1986 ) .

Not strictly speaking , because the wedding was in a register office , and you do n't have a best man .
not strictly speaking , because the wedding was in a [sign up] office , and you do n't have a best man .

Her face as she stood outside the register office , with that big municipal clock behind her , ticking off those first glistening moments of nuptial bliss .
her face as she stood outside the [sign up] office , with that big municipal clock behind her , ticking off those first glistening moments of nuptial bliss .

Sir Karl Popper , whose ‘ Conjectures and Refutations ’ is crucial for understanding the recent philosophy of science , points out that the mind can never be a passive register of experience .
sir karl popper , whose ‘ conjectures and refutations ’ is crucial for understanding the recent philosophy of science , points out that the mind can never be a passive [sign up] of experience .

Dr Wilkins also advises migraine sufferers to swap conventional fluorescent lights for the newer ‘ nonflicker ’ varieties that oscillate more than 30,000 times per second — too fast for the brain to register , or to provoke a migraine .
dr wilkins also advises migraine sufferers to swap conventional fluorescent lights for the newer ‘ nonflicker ’ varieties that oscillate more than 30,000 times per second — too fast for the brain to [sign up] , or to provoke a migraine .

Among lay Christians , however , the same conclusions seemed to entail blasphemy , heresy , sacrilege and almost every other religious sin on the register .
among lay christians , however , the same conclusions seemed to entail blasphemy , heresy , sacrilege and almost every other religious sin on the [sign up] .

formerly St George 's Church , has been reconstructed as an adjunct to Register House in Princes Street and now contains important national archives .
formerly st george 's church , has been reconstructed as an adjunct to [sign up] house in princes street and now contains important national archives .

Tobacco advertising revenue ( at £60.4mn ) is marginal ( average 2.4% ) for all but a tiny number of publications ( source : Media Register ) .
tobacco advertising revenue ( at £60.4mn ) is marginal ( average 2.4% ) for all but a tiny number of publications ( source : media [sign up] ) .

Skiving was not infrequent — the pupils slipping out once the register had been called — and one boy had a job without officially leaving school . As he said ,
skiving was not infrequent — the pupils slipping out once the [sign up] had been called — and one boy had a job without officially leaving school . as he said ,

The Althorps ' divorce went through in April 1969 and a month later on May 2 , Peter Shand Kydd and Lady Althorp married in a quiet register office ceremony and bought a house on the West Sussex coast where Peter could indulge his love of sailing .
the althorps ' divorce went through in april 1969 and a month later on may 2 , peter shand kydd and lady althorp married in a quiet [sign up] office ceremony and bought a house on the west sussex coast where peter could indulge his love of sailing .

With the family adamantly opposed to the match , Raine and Johnnie married quietly at Caxton Hall register office on July 14 , 1977 , shortly after he had been named in divorce proceedings by the Earl of Dartmouth . None of the children were told about the wedding in advance and the first Charles knew of his new stepmother was when the headmaster of his prep school informed him
with the family adamantly opposed to the match , raine and johnnie married quietly at caxton hall [sign up] office on july 14 , 1977 , shortly after he had been named in divorce proceedings by the earl of dartmouth . none of the children were told about the wedding in advance and the first charles knew of his new stepmother was when the headmaster of his prep school informed him

So methods have been developed to dissuade you from wandering off to somebody else 's cash register .
so methods have been developed to dissuade you from wandering off to somebody else 's cash [sign up] .

There is no national register of mineral rights , but the Land Registry may have details of surface ownership and current ownership of mineral rights .
there is no national [sign up] of mineral rights , but the land registry may have details of surface ownership and current ownership of mineral rights .

To help prospective mineral operators the Cornish Chamber of Mines ( Appendix 2.2.3 ) has set up a voluntary register of known mineral rights ownership in parts of South-west England , but the problems of unknown title remain .
to help prospective mineral operators the cornish chamber of mines ( appendix 2.2.3 ) has set up a voluntary [sign up] of known mineral rights ownership in parts of south-west england , but the problems of unknown title remain .

Now , the happy couple have decided to marry at the Ipswich Register Office on August 14 .
now , the happy couple have decided to marry at the ipswich [sign up] office on august 14 .

Two incidents were recorded in the Incident Register during the period under review .
two incidents were recorded in the incident [sign up] during the period under review .

For further details on this scheme including performance criteria , assessment requirements and how to register , please contact or write to him at the address below .
for further details on this scheme including performance criteria , assessment requirements and how to [sign up] , please contact or write to him at the address below .

Topic- and task-based units to develop predictive and retrieval reading skills , with particular attention to the different register used for spoken in contrast to written instruction , and guided writing practice .
topic- and task-based units to develop predictive and retrieval reading skills , with particular attention to the different [sign up] used for spoken in contrast to written instruction , and guided writing practice .

The Claims Salvage Register must be used for all types of salvage .
the claims salvage [sign up] must be used for all types of salvage .

On 1 and 2 March Wedgwood is giving employees the chance to show they care by holding an Anthony Nolan bone marrow register clinic at Barlaston over the two days .
on 1 and 2 march wedgwood is giving employees the chance to show they care by holding an anthony nolan bone marrow [sign up] clinic at barlaston over the two days .

The Anthony Nolan Bone Marrow Trust was formed in 1974 when Shirley Nolan founded the Bone Marrow Register in a vain attempt to save the life of her young son Anthony .
the anthony nolan bone marrow trust was formed in 1974 when shirley nolan founded the bone marrow [sign up] in a vain attempt to save the life of her young son anthony .

She failed to find a donor in time to save Anthony , who died , aged just seven , but since then the register has helped to save hundreds of lives and continues to provide a vital service .
she failed to find a donor in time to save anthony , who died , aged just seven , but since then the [sign up] has helped to save hundreds of lives and continues to provide a vital service .

Wedgwood is giving employees the chance to show they care by holding an Anthony Nolan bone marrow register clinic at the Barlaston pavilion on 1 March and in the Group the next day .
wedgwood is giving employees the chance to show they care by holding an anthony nolan bone marrow [sign up] clinic at the barlaston pavilion on 1 march and in the group the next day .

The Directors have declared an interim dividend for the year ending 31st December 1993 of 9.7p per share ( 1992 : 9.7p per share ) costing $43.7m ( 1992 : $43.6m ) payable on or after 1st January 1994 to ordinary shareholders on the Register of Members at close of business on 29th October 1993 .
the directors have declared an interim dividend for the year ending 31st december 1993 of 9.7p per share ( 1992 : 9.7p per share ) costing $43.7m ( 1992 : $43.6m ) payable on or after 1st january 1994 to ordinary shareholders on the [sign up] of members at close of business on 29th october 1993 .

The Directors have decided to recommend to the ordinary shareholders at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 28th April 1993 , a final dividend of 17.05p per share ( 1991 equivalent 17.05p ) , payable on or after 1st July 1993 , to shareholders on the Register of Members at close of business on 7th May 1993 .
the directors have decided to recommend to the ordinary shareholders at the annual general meeting to be held on 28th april 1993 , a final dividend of 17.05p per share ( 1991 equivalent 17.05p ) , payable on or after 1st july 1993 , to shareholders on the [sign up] of members at close of business on 7th may 1993 .

Since then 172 firms have come on the register from which businesses without a solicitor can be referred .
since then 172 firms have come on the [sign up] from which businesses without a solicitor can be referred .

Attendance rates are calculated by dividing the number of openings in the school register by the number of pupils present .
attendance rates are calculated by dividing the number of openings in the school [sign up] by the number of pupils present .

For example , a school with 100 pupils which registered them twice daily would have 200 possible attendances per day in the register and 1000 possible attendances per week .
for example , a school with 100 pupils which registered them twice daily would have 200 possible attendances per day in the [sign up] and 1000 possible attendances per week .

The other unauthorised absentees were a mixture of small numbers of ‘ ghost ’ pupils , wrongly on the register , or pupils in trouble and out of school — but they were largely pupils for whom some authorisation was expected .
the other unauthorised absentees were a mixture of small numbers of ‘ ghost ’ pupils , wrongly on the [sign up] , or pupils in trouble and out of school — but they were largely pupils for whom some authorisation was expected .

Attendance rates are calculated by dividing the number of openings in the school register by the number of pupils present .
attendance rates are calculated by dividing the number of openings in the school [sign up] by the number of pupils present .

For example , a school with 100 pupils which registered them twice daily would have 200 possible attendances per day in the register .
for example , a school with 100 pupils which registered them twice daily would have 200 possible attendances per day in the [sign up] .

The other unauthorised absentees were a mixture of small numbers of ‘ ghost ’ pupils wrongly on the register , of pupils in trouble and temporarily avoiding school and larger numbers of pupils for whom authorisation was expected .
the other unauthorised absentees were a mixture of small numbers of ‘ ghost ’ pupils wrongly on the [sign up] , of pupils in trouble and temporarily avoiding school and larger numbers of pupils for whom authorisation was expected .

register and acknowledge your idea
[sign up] and acknowledge your idea

The seminar fee has been reduced to encourage as many members and non-members as possible to register and attend .
the seminar fee has been reduced to encourage as many members and non-members as possible to [sign up] and attend .

Community and Amenity Groups Register , 1990–91 .
community and amenity groups [sign up] , 1990–91 .

Prior research of the target audience is important so that the message can be drafted in the appropriate register and directed along suitable channels .
prior research of the target audience is important so that the message can be drafted in the appropriate [sign up] and directed along suitable channels .

It has already been suggested that using an appropriate channel and finding a suitable register will contribute greatly to the clarity of any communication .
it has already been suggested that using an appropriate channel and finding a suitable [sign up] will contribute greatly to the clarity of any communication .

Since such organisation do not offer direct care as such , it is unlikely that they will have to register with the Social Work Department 's Registration and Inspection Unit .
since such organisation do not offer direct care as such , it is unlikely that they will have to [sign up] with the social work department 's registration and inspection unit .

Particular outstanding work is dealing with changes to the Community Charge Register which have to be reflected in the Council Tax liabilities , approximately 30,000 changes were to be processed in this area .
particular outstanding work is dealing with changes to the community charge [sign up] which have to be reflected in the council tax liabilities , approximately 30,000 changes were to be processed in this area .

Please prepare a new timetable for your Leadburn to Penicuik service showing the new extensions to Cuiken and make arrangements to register the change with the Traffic Commissioner .
please prepare a new timetable for your leadburn to penicuik service showing the new extensions to cuiken and make arrangements to [sign up] the change with the traffic commissioner .

There were a variety of difficulties in administering the former Community Charge , one of the main ones was in maintaining an accurate Community Charge Register of all individuals resident within the Region at any particular time .
there were a variety of difficulties in administering the former community charge , one of the main ones was in maintaining an accurate community charge [sign up] of all individuals resident within the region at any particular time .

He sang in a child 's voice that was beginning to break , so that it was tuneless , the register awkward , the pitch uncertain .
he sang in a child 's voice that was beginning to break , so that it was tuneless , the [sign up] awkward , the pitch uncertain .

‘ Another thing — no aliens ’ register this time .
‘ another thing — no aliens ’ [sign up] this time .

Overseas students requiring a longer course in English can register for the intensive language courses lasting from October to June each year .
overseas students requiring a longer course in english can [sign up] for the intensive language courses lasting from october to june each year .

The Allocations Office operates a register of approved lodgings ( accommodation in private houses ) .
the allocations office operates a [sign up] of approved lodgings ( accommodation in private houses ) .

The Service consists of six general practitioners who provide comprehensive medical care under the National Health Service for all members of the Edinburgh University community and their dependants who choose to register with the practice .
the service consists of six general practitioners who provide comprehensive medical care under the national health service for all members of the edinburgh university community and their dependants who choose to [sign up] with the practice .

Among the diverse local archives , the presence in Edinburgh of the General Register Office , with access to nineteenth century vital registers as well as census enumeration books , encourages work on the demography of Scotland in the period 1855–1939 .
among the diverse local archives , the presence in edinburgh of the general [sign up] office , with access to nineteenth century vital registers as well as census enumeration books , encourages work on the demography of scotland in the period 1855–1939 .

The course comprises work on Literary Studies , Register Studies and the Communicative Grammar of Modern English .
the course comprises work on literary studies , [sign up] studies and the communicative grammar of modern english .

It is possible for applicants to register as non-graduating students and attend the animal welfare section , which lasts from 8–10 weeks from April to June .
it is possible for applicants to [sign up] as non-graduating students and attend the animal welfare section , which lasts from 8–10 weeks from april to june .

As these dates fall within the University teaching term it is important that you obtain details of visiting arrangements ( times , locations etc ) before you come and that you register your intention to attend with us .
as these dates fall within the university teaching term it is important that you obtain details of visiting arrangements ( times , locations etc ) before you come and that you [sign up] your intention to attend with us .

The Allocations Office maintains a register of approved board lodgings and self-catering bedsits , all of which are inspected before inclusion in the register and visited subsequently to ensure that correct standards are being maintained .
the allocations office maintains a [sign up] of approved board lodgings and self-catering bedsits , all of which are inspected before inclusion in the [sign up] and visited subsequently to ensure that correct standards are being maintained .

The University Health Service provides comprehensive medical care under the National Health Service for those students who wish to register as patients of the University Health Service practice .
the university health service provides comprehensive medical care under the national health service for those students who wish to [sign up] as patients of the university health service practice .

These skills include advanced listening and speaking , analytical reading and writing , and a thorough awareness of ‘ register ’ — that is of the different types or styles of French appropriate for different situations .
these skills include advanced listening and speaking , analytical reading and writing , and a thorough awareness of ‘ [sign up] ’ — that is of the different types or styles of french appropriate for different situations .

Over recent years imports and exports have been vested with great political and cultural-ideological significance , and it is very likely that increasing numbers of consumers now register the country of origin of what they are buying , and producers now register the destination of what they are producing , and this knowledge may affect their actions .
over recent years imports and exports have been vested with great political and cultural-ideological significance , and it is very likely that increasing numbers of consumers now [sign up] the country of origin of what they are buying , and producers now [sign up] the destination of what they are producing , and this knowledge may affect their actions .

Evidence for such an association has been publshed in the Register General 's Decimal Supplements on Occupational Mortality since 1937 , but these data have not been highlighted .
evidence for such an association has been publshed in the [sign up] general 's decimal supplements on occupational mortality since 1937 , but these data have not been highlighted .

There may be errors in medical records or in transferring information from medical records to discharge register files .
there may be errors in medical records or in transferring information from medical records to discharge [sign up] files .

One cash register which was rented from Equipment Supplies at an annual rental of £200 .
one cash [sign up] which was rented from equipment supplies at an annual rental of £200 .

One cash register which Transom Trading had bought in November 1991 for £600 .
one cash [sign up] which transom trading had bought in november 1991 for £600 .

Answer guide : In this case Transom owns the cash register and is likely to get a benefit in the future from its use .
answer guide : in this case transom owns the cash [sign up] and is likely to get a benefit in the future from its use .

That FMEs are appointed by the police does little to project the reality of independence , and transfer of this appointing responsibility to the Home Office ( or the Lord Chancellor ) and a register of accredited FMEs may be the way forward here .
that fmes are appointed by the police does little to project the reality of independence , and transfer of this appointing responsibility to the home office ( or the lord chancellor ) and a [sign up] of accredited fmes may be the way forward here .

‘ Check the register for licensed hand-guns of medium calibre . ’
‘ check the [sign up] for licensed hand-guns of medium calibre . ’

Wycliffe turned to the reports where the only item of interest was negative : not a single .32 pistol among the licensed hand guns in the register .
wycliffe turned to the reports where the only item of interest was negative : not a single .32 pistol among the licensed hand guns in the [sign up] .

This index enables you to select an option to either create a Product , update a Product , or register a Product .
this index enables you to select an option to either create a product , update a product , or [sign up] a product .

You must first create a Product , update it and then , finally , register it .
you must first create a product , update it and then , finally , [sign up] it .

Once the Product has been created you should use option 5.1.2 — Update Product to add further details to the Product and then use option 5.1.3 — Register Product , to register the Product .
once the product has been created you should use option 5.1.2 — update product to add further details to the product and then use option 5.1.3 — [sign up] product , to [sign up] the product .

Register Product
[sign up] product

This option enables you to register the details of a Product , which means that they will be stored permanently and can not be altered thereafter , so it is important to be sure that they are correct before using the option .
this option enables you to [sign up] the details of a product , which means that they will be stored permanently and can not be altered thereafter , so it is important to be sure that they are correct before using the option .

You have tried to register a product for an unknown version of a product package .
you have tried to [sign up] a product for an unknown version of a product package .

You have tried to either update a product which has already been registered or to register a product which has already been registered .
you have tried to either update a product which has already been registered or to [sign up] a product which has already been registered .

You should register the product using option 5.1.3 — Register Product .
you should [sign up] the product using option 5.1.3 — [sign up] product .

Surprise does n't register , instead , Devito plunges an eight-inch carving knife purposefully and repeatedly into the victim 's stomach .
surprise does n't [sign up] , instead , devito plunges an eight-inch carving knife purposefully and repeatedly into the victim 's stomach .

Mood change and ‘ Empire ’ itself is grandiose , hard-edged realism , vocals flicking through the register as lights strobe across the roof of the City Hall .
mood change and ‘ empire ’ itself is grandiose , hard-edged realism , vocals flicking through the [sign up] as lights strobe across the roof of the city hall .

The system was improved in 1597 , when ministers and churchwardens were instructed henceforth to keep their records in a bound register and to copy out surviving documents at least as far back as 1558 , when Elizabeth came to the throne .
the system was improved in 1597 , when ministers and churchwardens were instructed henceforth to keep their records in a bound [sign up] and to copy out surviving documents at least as far back as 1558 , when elizabeth came to the throne .

Having found the appropriate register , the researcher is soon faced with fresh difficulties , quite apart from the daunting task of reading sixteenth and seventeenth century scripts .
having found the appropriate [sign up] , the researcher is soon faced with fresh difficulties , quite apart from the daunting task of reading sixteenth and seventeenth century scripts .

In earlier times the quality of the information provided by a register varies from place to place and from incumbent to incumbent .
in earlier times the quality of the information provided by a [sign up] varies from place to place and from incumbent to incumbent .

It is common to find gaps when nothing is recorded , blank spaces where the minister has forgotten a name when he came to register it after the event , repetitions , erasures and insertions .
it is common to find gaps when nothing is recorded , blank spaces where the minister has forgotten a name when he came to [sign up] it after the event , repetitions , erasures and insertions .

It ought to be said that this particular extract poses more difficulties than the normal run of parish registers . It dates from the time of the Civil War when many registers were not properly kept ; thus , under the year 1647 the vicar of Hooton Pagnell ( Yorks. ) wrote in his register :
it ought to be said that this particular extract poses more difficulties than the normal run of parish registers . it dates from the time of the civil war when many registers were not properly kept ; thus , under the year 1647 the vicar of hooton pagnell ( yorks. ) wrote in his [sign up] :

On 1 January 1813 the Church of England began to standardize entries on printed forms bound into the register .
on 1 january 1813 the church of england began to standardize entries on printed forms bound into the [sign up] .

Without the information contained in the parish register , one might reasonably suppose that Joseph and Ann had three children , who were each to receive only a shilling unless Ann remarried , upon which occasion they would inherit the entire estate .
without the information contained in the parish [sign up] , one might reasonably suppose that joseph and ann had three children , who were each to receive only a shilling unless ann remarried , upon which occasion they would inherit the entire estate .

The tombstone inscriptions and the parish register entries reveal that Abigail had married a William Scott , who died in 1655 , and that three years later she had taken John Pilmay as her second husband .
the tombstone inscriptions and the parish [sign up] entries reveal that abigail had married a william scott , who died in 1655 , and that three years later she had taken john pilmay as her second husband .

Local historians should be aware that the high number of deaths that they may find during certain years in their own register could fit the experience of the nation at large .
local historians should be aware that the high number of deaths that they may find during certain years in their own [sign up] could fit the experience of the nation at large .

In the Yorkshire parish of Arksey , however , the vicar wrote in the register for 1729 : ‘ The greatest mortality that ever can be remembered , or made out to be ’ , and many other accounts speak of considerable distress .
in the yorkshire parish of arksey , however , the vicar wrote in the [sign up] for 1729 : ‘ the greatest mortality that ever can be remembered , or made out to be ’ , and many other accounts speak of considerable distress .

In the Northamptonshire village of Cogenhoe half the villagers recorded in 1618 were not there ten years later , and in the Suffolk parish of Horringer only two of the sixty-three family names recorded between 1600 and 1624 were still found in the parish register between 1700 and 1724 .
in the northamptonshire village of cogenhoe half the villagers recorded in 1618 were not there ten years later , and in the suffolk parish of horringer only two of the sixty-three family names recorded between 1600 and 1624 were still found in the parish [sign up] between 1700 and 1724 .

Some of the tenement farmers there leased a family holding for five , six or seven generations under the Tudors and Stuarts , and old-established surnames accounted for four out of every five entries in the Myddle parish register .
some of the tenement farmers there leased a family holding for five , six or seven generations under the tudors and stuarts , and old-established surnames accounted for four out of every five entries in the myddle parish [sign up] .

The surplus recorded in the parish register must have been lost through migration to other places .
the surplus recorded in the parish [sign up] must have been lost through migration to other places .

Between 1541 and 1570 the labourers recorded in the Myddle parish register formed only 7·1 per cent of adult males , but during the next thirty years the proportion rose to 23·4 per cent .
between 1541 and 1570 the labourers recorded in the myddle parish [sign up] formed only 7·1 per cent of adult males , but during the next thirty years the proportion rose to 23·4 per cent .

After the Restoration the keeper of the parish register no longer recorded occupations , but Gough observed that whereas his father paid only 4d .
after the restoration the keeper of the parish [sign up] no longer recorded occupations , but gough observed that whereas his father paid only 4d .

This group of cottagers were the most mobile of all , appearing briefly in the parish register or other records and then moving on .
this group of cottagers were the most mobile of all , appearing briefly in the parish [sign up] or other records and then moving on .

In the West Midlands , for instance , over a third of the men whose occupations were noted in the Sedgley parish register during 1579 and 1580 were either nailmakers or some other type of metalworker .
in the west midlands , for instance , over a third of the men whose occupations were noted in the sedgley parish [sign up] during 1579 and 1580 were either nailmakers or some other type of metalworker .

The 212 occupations recorded in the parish register between 1608 and 1658 include those of 122 nailers and 12 bucklemakers .
the 212 occupations recorded in the parish [sign up] between 1608 and 1658 include those of 122 nailers and 12 bucklemakers .

Only 247 individuals appeared in both returns ; the local parish register records the burial of 61 people in the intervening period , but another 226 individuals disappeared from the local scene .
only 247 individuals appeared in both returns ; the local parish [sign up] records the burial of 61 people in the intervening period , but another 226 individuals disappeared from the local scene .

The parish register from 1 January 1813 to 31 December 1817 records the occupations of 74 men , of whom 51 ( that is nearly 70 per cent ) were framework knitters ; the rest comprised 12 labourers , 2 woolcombers , 2 blacksmiths , a framesmith , a farmer and grazier , a publican , a gardener , a tailor , a brick mason and a soldier .
the parish [sign up] from 1 january 1813 to 31 december 1817 records the occupations of 74 men , of whom 51 ( that is nearly 70 per cent ) were framework knitters ; the rest comprised 12 labourers , 2 woolcombers , 2 blacksmiths , a framesmith , a farmer and grazier , a publican , a gardener , a tailor , a brick mason and a soldier .

The parish register records 91 men between 1813 and 1817 ( inclusive ) , of whom 60 , that is 2 out of every 3 , were framework knitters .
the parish [sign up] records 91 men between 1813 and 1817 ( inclusive ) , of whom 60 , that is 2 out of every 3 , were framework knitters .

The occupational structure of the village was very different from what it had been just before the Civil War when the parish register entries had briefly given men 's occupations ; between 1636 and 1639 Thurmaston 's register noted 8 labourers , 5 shepherds , 3 husbandmen , 2 innkeepers , 2 masons , 2 male servants , a carpenter , a miller , 1 curate , a weaver , a tailor , a shearman , a spinner and a mole catcher .
the occupational structure of the village was very different from what it had been just before the civil war when the parish [sign up] entries had briefly given men 's occupations ; between 1636 and 1639 thurmaston 's [sign up] noted 8 labourers , 5 shepherds , 3 husbandmen , 2 innkeepers , 2 masons , 2 male servants , a carpenter , a miller , 1 curate , a weaver , a tailor , a shearman , a spinner and a mole catcher .

Thurmaston 's northerly neighbour , Syston , had 54 framework knitters , 5 framesmiths and 3 woolcombers recorded in the parish register between 1813 and 1817 ( inclusive ) , but these craftsmen formed less than half of the 128 entries .
thurmaston 's northerly neighbour , syston , had 54 framework knitters , 5 framesmiths and 3 woolcombers recorded in the parish [sign up] between 1813 and 1817 ( inclusive ) , but these craftsmen formed less than half of the 128 entries .

By 1863–67 Syston 's register shows that the proportion of framework knitters had declined to 25 per cent .
by 1863–67 syston 's [sign up] shows that the proportion of framework knitters had declined to 25 per cent .

The 1863–67 register records 30 framework knitters , 2 framesmiths and 21 labourers ; 9 men worked on the railways , 1 was a coal merchant , 1 a gas house keeper and another a gas fitter ; the other craftsmen comprised 4 bricklayers and a brickmaker , 3 blacksmiths , 2 tailors , 2 shoemakers , 2 potters , 2 carpenters , a wheelwright , a cooper , a plumber and glazier , and a painter ; the rest included 2 gentlemen , a clerk in holy orders , a surgeon , 3 farmers , 2 general dealers , 2 grocers , a draper , 2 cattle dealers , 7 butchers , a tripe dresser , a pig jobber , a fellmonger , 2 gardeners , 2 grooms , a coachman and 2 commercial travellers .
the 1863–67 [sign up] records 30 framework knitters , 2 framesmiths and 21 labourers ; 9 men worked on the railways , 1 was a coal merchant , 1 a gas house keeper and another a gas fitter ; the other craftsmen comprised 4 bricklayers and a brickmaker , 3 blacksmiths , 2 tailors , 2 shoemakers , 2 potters , 2 carpenters , a wheelwright , a cooper , a plumber and glazier , and a painter ; the rest included 2 gentlemen , a clerk in holy orders , a surgeon , 3 farmers , 2 general dealers , 2 grocers , a draper , 2 cattle dealers , 7 butchers , a tripe dresser , a pig jobber , a fellmonger , 2 gardeners , 2 grooms , a coachman and 2 commercial travellers .

One of my great-grandmothers , Clementina Roebuck , was born on 17 February 1817 and the event was entered in the Thurlstone Particular Baptist register .
one of my great-grandmothers , clementina roebuck , was born on 17 february 1817 and the event was entered in the thurlstone particular baptist [sign up] .

Microprocessors keep multiple banks of registers on the chip to avoid register saving and restoring .
microprocessors keep multiple banks of registers on the chip to avoid [sign up] saving and restoring .

It would be preferable if we had a system where people could become more involved in important government decisions , be able to register an opinion on government policy , and show the government the way in which public opinion is moving .
it would be preferable if we had a system where people could become more involved in important government decisions , be able to [sign up] an opinion on government policy , and show the government the way in which public opinion is moving .

The most critical of these was the suggestion that genital mutilation should be added onto the ’ at risk ’ register of social services departments , and that a consultative body within these departments be established which would incorporate members from the Black communities .
the most critical of these was the suggestion that genital mutilation should be added onto the ’ at risk ’ [sign up] of social services departments , and that a consultative body within these departments be established which would incorporate members from the black communities .

Endorsing the concept of `` open skies `` and `` open lands `` , he indicated the Soviet Union 's willingness to participate in `` the establishment of a United Nations register of sales and transfers of weapons `` .
endorsing the concept of `` open skies `` and `` open lands `` , he indicated the soviet union 's willingness to participate in `` the establishment of a united nations [sign up] of sales and transfers of weapons `` .

Refusal to register Islamic movement
refusal to [sign up] islamic movement

Having missed the deadline to register as a Democratic candidate in the November elections , he resigned from the party on Aug. 13 and registered as an independent .
having missed the deadline to [sign up] as a democratic candidate in the november elections , he resigned from the party on aug. 13 and registered as an independent .

Violent and chaotic scenes occurred as thousands of people became involved in a desperate attempt to register .
violent and chaotic scenes occurred as thousands of people became involved in a desperate attempt to [sign up] .

On May 24 , 1990 , a law on political parties was passed , requiring parties to register with the Constitutional Tribunal to gain legal status and empowering that body to decide whether a party 's goals or activities were constitutional .
on may 24 , 1990 , a law on political parties was passed , requiring parties to [sign up] with the constitutional tribunal to gain legal status and empowering that body to decide whether a party 's goals or activities were constitutional .

Pre-election allegations that large numbers of citizens had been excluded from the electoral roll led to an agreement allowing citizens to vote with an identity card if their name were not on the register .
pre-election allegations that large numbers of citizens had been excluded from the electoral roll led to an agreement allowing citizens to vote with an identity card if their name were not on the [sign up] .

Finally , the high turnover at the polls might be indicative of changes in the local population , or prudential calculations amongst particular electors as to whether it was worth one 's while trying to exercise one 's right to vote ( on the logic that people will not bother to turn up to the poll if they believe their preferred candidates have no chance of success ) ; it could equally well be indicative of various forms of electoral manipulation and influence , such as the artificial creation of new electors , the ability of returning officers to prevent one side 's supporters from polling , or the ability of some members of the local elite to `` persuade `` electors not to register a vote in opposition to their wishes .
finally , the high turnover at the polls might be indicative of changes in the local population , or prudential calculations amongst particular electors as to whether it was worth one 's while trying to exercise one 's right to vote ( on the logic that people will not bother to turn up to the poll if they believe their preferred candidates have no chance of success ) ; it could equally well be indicative of various forms of electoral manipulation and influence , such as the artificial creation of new electors , the ability of returning officers to prevent one side 's supporters from polling , or the ability of some members of the local elite to `` persuade `` electors not to [sign up] a vote in opposition to their wishes .

Example continued Class time The children examine original documents loaned from the local library , showing what a parish register from this period would have looked like .
example continued class time the children examine original documents loaned from the local library , showing what a parish [sign up] from this period would have looked like .

They then create their own `` Parish Register `` — a way of confirming the roles they 've adopted .
they then create their own `` parish [sign up] `` — a way of confirming the roles they 've adopted .

Drama time The teacher returns in role to collect the new Register — and comment on its usefulness .
drama time the teacher returns in role to collect the new [sign up] — and comment on its usefulness .

Since no detailed register of these existed at the point of emancipation , one of the main purposes of the post-1861 charters was to set them down on paper .
since no detailed [sign up] of these existed at the point of emancipation , one of the main purposes of the post-1861 charters was to set them down on paper .

He first noted that the Caribs were ordinary human beings and not monsters . He did not register much surprise at this important discovery , but it needs to be borne in mind that he supposed that he had reached islands near the eastern shores of Asia rather than a land mass inaccessible to the descendents of Noah !
he first noted that the caribs were ordinary human beings and not monsters . he did not [sign up] much surprise at this important discovery , but it needs to be borne in mind that he supposed that he had reached islands near the eastern shores of asia rather than a land mass inaccessible to the descendents of noah !

Compliance unit in London office maintains a central register of all corporate finance engagement letters obtained by the firm .
compliance unit in london office maintains a central [sign up] of all corporate finance engagement letters obtained by the firm .

Compliance Unit in London office maintains a central register of all CFELs obtained by the firm .
compliance unit in london office maintains a central [sign up] of all cfels obtained by the firm .

The buy register input form can serve as a useful checklist .
the buy [sign up] input form can serve as a useful checklist .

From our research of the stockholding sector [ information on our buy register database ] we have identified a client of yours , Company , as being potentially interested in this opportunity .
from our research of the stockholding sector [ information on our buy [sign up] database ] we have identified a client of yours , company , as being potentially interested in this opportunity .

From our research of the stockholding sector [ information on our buy register database ] we have identified a client of yours , Company , as being potentially interested in this opportunity .
from our research of the stockholding sector [ information on our buy [sign up] database ] we have identified a client of yours , company , as being potentially interested in this opportunity .

1108 Buy register
1108 buy [sign up]

We make no charge for including your requirements in this register .
we make no charge for including your requirements in this [sign up] .

Grant had time only to register the knowledge that he had lost the unequal contest , and with it his life , before the final hiraken knuckle-blow landed , breaking his nose and cheekbones , and smashing him into bloody oblivion .
grant had time only to [sign up] the knowledge that he had lost the unequal contest , and with it his life , before the final hiraken knuckle-blow landed , breaking his nose and cheekbones , and smashing him into bloody oblivion .

The study involves the transfer of parish register material for the c.1770-1820 and late eighteenth/early nineteenth century vestry data into machine-readable form .
the study involves the transfer of parish [sign up] material for the c.1770-1820 and late eighteenth/early nineteenth century vestry data into machine-readable form .

The local case studies were developed using data from the Register of Sasines and other documentary sources , together with semi-structured interviews with consumers and producers of private sector housing .
the local case studies were developed using data from the [sign up] of sasines and other documentary sources , together with semi-structured interviews with consumers and producers of private sector housing .

The General Medical Council is a main instrument of professional self-regulation , maintaining the Register of qualified medical practitioners , overseeing basic medical education and co-ordinating continuing medical education .
the general medical council is a main instrument of professional self-regulation , maintaining the [sign up] of qualified medical practitioners , overseeing basic medical education and co-ordinating continuing medical education .

The Office of Population , Censuses and Surveys Longitudinal Study has for a 1% sample of the population of England and Wales in 1971 , brought together census information , with information about geographic movements noted in the National Health Service Central Register in 1971-74 .
the office of population , censuses and surveys longitudinal study has for a 1% sample of the population of england and wales in 1971 , brought together census information , with information about geographic movements noted in the national health service central [sign up] in 1971-74 .

The source of the data is the Register of Sasines .
the source of the data is the [sign up] of sasines .

Schools , colleges , sports clubs and families which will be exercising tomorrow as part of their normal fitness routine can also register .
schools , colleges , sports clubs and families which will be exercising tomorrow as part of their normal fitness routine can also [sign up] .

Anyone who takes part must register as soon as he or she has completed 15 minutes ' exercise , between midnight tonight and 10.30pm tomorrow .
anyone who takes part must [sign up] as soon as he or she has completed 15 minutes ' exercise , between midnight tonight and 10.30pm tomorrow .

To register , groups and individuals must phone Belfast 683000 .
to [sign up] , groups and individuals must phone belfast 683000 .

Chemicals group Courtaulds was one of the few to register any positive movement .
chemicals group courtaulds was one of the few to [sign up] any positive movement .

But people do n't have to take part in an organised event to register .
but people do n't have to take part in an organised event to [sign up] .

Over the three years , schools that register an interest in the scheme will receive regular `` theme bulletins `` and regional workshops are also planned to provide backup information and support .
over the three years , schools that [sign up] an interest in the scheme will receive regular `` theme bulletins `` and regional workshops are also planned to provide backup information and support .

‘ There shall be transferred to and vested in the Keeper of the Registers of Scotland the whole functions of the Keeper of the Registers and Records of Scotland with regard to the framing of the General Register of Sasines , the Register of Hornings , the Register of Inhibitions and Adjudications , the Register of Entails and the Register of Deeds , together with the powers and duties transferred to the said Keeper from the Director of Chancery under section seven of the Reorganisation of Offices ( Scotland ) Act , 1928 . ’ Subsection 3 of that section states :
‘ there shall be transferred to and vested in the keeper of the registers of scotland the whole functions of the keeper of the registers and records of scotland with regard to the framing of the general [sign up] of sasines , the [sign up] of hornings , the [sign up] of inhibitions and adjudications , the [sign up] of entails and the [sign up] of deeds , together with the powers and duties transferred to the said keeper from the director of chancery under section seven of the reorganisation of offices ( scotland ) act , 1928 . ’ subsection 3 of that section states :

Although the office of Keeper of the Registers and Records has not existed for twenty-seven years we still receive mail in the Register House addressed to that official , as well as mail addressed to the wrong Keeper .
although the office of keeper of the registers and records has not existed for twenty-seven years we still receive mail in the [sign up] house addressed to that official , as well as mail addressed to the wrong keeper .

This has no great significance at the present moment when both Departments are housed within the Register House complex and only small inconvenience and delay result .
this has no great significance at the present moment when both departments are housed within the [sign up] house complex and only small inconvenience and delay result .

Search Sheets for each Division of the Register of Sasines are in the custody of the Keeper of the Registers of Scotland as they are being updated continually and are consulted by his staff in the registration of every deed presented for registration .
search sheets for each division of the [sign up] of sasines are in the custody of the keeper of the registers of scotland as they are being updated continually and are consulted by his staff in the registration of every deed presented for registration .

But he added that while the committee considered striking Mr O'Reilly off the register , they had agreed to adjourn the hearing for six months .
but he added that while the committee considered striking mr o'reilly off the [sign up] , they had agreed to adjourn the hearing for six months .

To avoid duplication , and to encourage access , a central register of videos should be maintained by the Library , which is building up its own collection for staff use .
to avoid duplication , and to encourage access , a central [sign up] of videos should be maintained by the library , which is building up its own collection for staff use .

Finance holds income and expenditure records , together with annual accounts , departmental expenditure records , and an Asset Register .
finance holds income and expenditure records , together with annual accounts , departmental expenditure records , and an asset [sign up] .

As there is no accessions register for individual herbarium specimens , a numerical reassessment of our holdings is required ; this is under consideration for a summer student project in 1991 .
as there is no accessions [sign up] for individual herbarium specimens , a numerical reassessment of our holdings is required ; this is under consideration for a summer student project in 1991 .

First , it became the rule that the kazaskers should keep a separate register specifically for the purpose of enrolling .
first , it became the rule that the kazaskers should keep a separate [sign up] specifically for the purpose of enrolling .

All the traffic , every single vehicle which passed him was equipped with lasers in its axles ; they could register a hit on his legs unless he was above them , or shielded by a wall , or between the wheels of a parked car , or holding his breath .
all the traffic , every single vehicle which passed him was equipped with lasers in its axles ; they could [sign up] a hit on his legs unless he was above them , or shielded by a wall , or between the wheels of a parked car , or holding his breath .

He wished he could remember what you were supposed to do when you wanted to register as unemployed , but he always forgot .
he wished he could remember what you were supposed to do when you wanted to [sign up] as unemployed , but he always forgot .

Mrs Abigail , taking another couple of plates from the back of the van , was aware only that her companion was speaking ; the content of her statement did not register .
mrs abigail , taking another couple of plates from the back of the van , was aware only that her companion was speaking ; the content of her statement did not [sign up] .

Many of these costs were associated with the need to register individuals and with the problems of chasing non-payers .
many of these costs were associated with the need to [sign up] individuals and with the problems of chasing non-payers .

This Monday morning she was intending to register with a secretarial agency ; a temporary job would do while she looked for something more permanent .
this monday morning she was intending to [sign up] with a secretarial agency ; a temporary job would do while she looked for something more permanent .

It was the first time that he 'd come anywhere near to making a personal remark , and she had already concluded that she did n't register with him as a person , only as his assistant , sexless and insignificant .
it was the first time that he 'd come anywhere near to making a personal remark , and she had already concluded that she did n't [sign up] with him as a person , only as his assistant , sexless and insignificant .

If so you must register the package , Transend can help with many popular packages and save you the trouble of sending orders overseas .
if so you must [sign up] the package , transend can help with many popular packages and save you the trouble of sending orders overseas .

If you like the disk and find it useful then you may register with the author or ourselves .
if you like the disk and find it useful then you may [sign up] with the author or ourselves .

You are then guaranteed that if you register and receive the full packaged software it will work on your machine and with your printer .
you are then guaranteed that if you [sign up] and receive the full packaged software it will work on your machine and with your printer .

If so you must register the package , Transend can help with many popular packages and save you the trouble of sending orders overseas .
if so you must [sign up] the package , transend can help with many popular packages and save you the trouble of sending orders overseas .

Register the products you have bought .
[sign up] the products you have bought .

First and foremost , you really should register every bit of software that you buy .
first and foremost , you really should [sign up] every bit of software that you buy .

Our advice is : Always , always register every product you buy !
our advice is : always , always [sign up] every product you buy !

The cardinal rule is : only register if your taxable income is less than your tax allowances .
the cardinal rule is : only [sign up] if your taxable income is less than your tax allowances .

The report has been deleted from the Site Incident Register .
the report has been deleted from the site incident [sign up] .

If you are genuinely interested in being included on the national register of bone marrow donors please contact the Ohd on
if you are genuinely interested in being included on the national [sign up] of bone marrow donors please contact the ohd on

Because there are a great number of possible tissue types it takes an extremely large register of prospective donors to find a matched unrelated donor for every patient and sometimes the search is unsuccessful .
because there are a great number of possible tissue types it takes an extremely large [sign up] of prospective donors to find a matched unrelated donor for every patient and sometimes the search is unsuccessful .

In practice , the chance of being selected as a bone marrow donor is therefore very slim and although on the register you may in fact never match with a patient .
in practice , the chance of being selected as a bone marrow donor is therefore very slim and although on the [sign up] you may in fact never match with a patient .

At the moment there are over 135,000 potential bone marrow donors on the register but this figure needs to be even higher to allow more matches to be achieved .
at the moment there are over 135,000 potential bone marrow donors on the [sign up] but this figure needs to be even higher to allow more matches to be achieved .

Please think carefully about registering as a bone marrow donor and remember you can change your mind at any time and have your name removed from the register .
please think carefully about registering as a bone marrow donor and remember you can change your mind at any time and have your name removed from the [sign up] .

Shannon signed the register and took the key , still puzzled by the receptionist 's knowing look .
shannon signed the [sign up] and took the key , still puzzled by the receptionist 's knowing look .

Tears would not bring him back , but somehow her mind could not register that , and she could not stop the slow salt trickle from creeping down her cheeks .
tears would not bring him back , but somehow her mind could not [sign up] that , and she could not stop the slow salt trickle from creeping down her cheeks .

The dividend will be payable on 19th January 1989 to shareholders on the register on 23rd December 1988 .
the dividend will be payable on 19th january 1989 to shareholders on the [sign up] on 23rd december 1988 .

The same procedures ( locating ground control points , computing a map-to-image and image-to-map transform , and resampling to generate a corrected output image ) can be used to register or overlay two images of the same area taken at different dates .
the same procedures ( locating ground control points , computing a map-to-image and image-to-map transform , and resampling to generate a corrected output image ) can be used to [sign up] or overlay two images of the same area taken at different dates .

An interim dividend of 2.9p per share was paid on 20th January 1993 and a final dividend of 6.1p per share is recommended to be paid on 27th August 1993 to those shareholders on the register at the close of business on 2nd July 1993 .
an interim dividend of 2.9p per share was paid on 20th january 1993 and a final dividend of 6.1p per share is recommended to be paid on 27th august 1993 to those shareholders on the [sign up] at the close of business on 2nd july 1993 .

On the positive side , oil production , after its 68-day export shutdown , was functioning more or less normally and managed to register a full-year average by the end of 1979 of 3.1 million barrels per day ( b/d ) .
on the positive side , oil production , after its 68-day export shutdown , was functioning more or less normally and managed to [sign up] a full-year average by the end of 1979 of 3.1 million barrels per day ( b/d ) .

To ensure standards are maintained an inspector from Register of Quality Assurance will return every six months to check that actual working practices agree with the written procedures .
to ensure standards are maintained an inspector from [sign up] of quality assurance will return every six months to check that actual working practices agree with the written procedures .

At the end of the financial year , the Institute 's membership register contained , in addition to the eight Honorary Fellows , the names of 103,415 members who had paid their subscriptions for 1992 or were eligible for free membership .
at the end of the financial year , the institute 's membership [sign up] contained , in addition to the eight honorary fellows , the names of 103,415 members who had paid their subscriptions for 1992 or were eligible for free membership .

The membership register in 1992 included employees from more than 4,000 banks and other institutions in more than 150 countries .
the membership [sign up] in 1992 included employees from more than 4,000 banks and other institutions in more than 150 countries .

Shares allotted following the exercise of an option will rank pari passu with the then issued shares of the same class of the Company ( except that they will not rank for any dividend or other right having a record date prior to the allottee 's entry on the Company 's register of members ) .
shares allotted following the exercise of an option will rank pari passu with the then issued shares of the same class of the company ( except that they will not rank for any dividend or other right having a record date prior to the allottee 's entry on the company 's [sign up] of members ) .

The wail started high and went higher , until they were shrieking off the register .
the wail started high and went higher , until they were shrieking off the [sign up] .

He threw me across the front seat , and the choir applauded — whether this was for my benefit or to register approval for Quigley 's strong right arm was not clear .
he threw me across the front seat , and the choir applauded — whether this was for my benefit or to [sign up] approval for quigley 's strong right arm was not clear .

The peculiarity of the electoral system was shown again , for the Conservatives had kept the majority of votes-8.66 million against the Labour 8.36 ; and there was something to be said for the view that a drift of mainly middle-class population southward , and the absence of an up-to-date register of the already enfranchised voters , had benefited Labour in the tally of actual seats .
the peculiarity of the electoral system was shown again , for the conservatives had kept the majority of votes-8.66 million against the labour 8.36 ; and there was something to be said for the view that a drift of mainly middle-class population southward , and the absence of an up-to-date [sign up] of the already enfranchised voters , had benefited labour in the tally of actual seats .

Meanwhile , according to the Annual Register , petitions against the suspension of cash payments came in from all corners .
meanwhile , according to the annual [sign up] , petitions against the suspension of cash payments came in from all corners .

Its marine branch was developed in the sixteenth century , although Lloyd 's Coffee House became its focus only from 1698 , producing its first `` List `` in 1734 and its Register from the 1750s .
its marine branch was developed in the sixteenth century , although lloyd 's coffee house became its focus only from 1698 , producing its first `` list `` in 1734 and its [sign up] from the 1750s .

The thin Englishman takes the room and signs the register : John Parsons .
the thin englishman takes the room and signs the [sign up] : john parsons .

The thought of returning to another sparse lodging in a back-street of London , to the endless trudging back and forth to the Register Office , to the days of scant food and less warmth , filled her with dread .
the thought of returning to another sparse lodging in a back-street of london , to the endless trudging back and forth to the [sign up] office , to the days of scant food and less warmth , filled her with dread .

She signed the register , still having avoided meeting Ace 's eyes , just shutting them when he kissed her chastely on the cheek .
she signed the [sign up] , still having avoided meeting ace 's eyes , just shutting them when he kissed her chastely on the cheek .

‘ McAllister ! What the devil … ? Where 's Eddie ? ’ He watched her swing an indelicate leg over the top bar of her man 's bike , displaying a neatly rounded calf which would normally have engaged his interest , but in the cruel circumstances failed to register .
‘ mcallister ! what the devil … ? where 's eddie ? ’ he watched her swing an indelicate leg over the top bar of her man 's bike , displaying a neatly rounded calf which would normally have engaged his interest , but in the cruel circumstances failed to [sign up] .

Born to an unwed teenage mother in South Carolina , Jackson came of age when no Black man or woman would ever request a public cup of coffee , or enter a public bathroom , or undertake to register to vote , without calculating the easily fatal risks attached to such a simple act .
born to an unwed teenage mother in south carolina , jackson came of age when no black man or woman would ever request a public cup of coffee , or enter a public bathroom , or undertake to [sign up] to vote , without calculating the easily fatal risks attached to such a simple act .

All he wants to do is register a village co-operative .
all he wants to do is [sign up] a village co-operative .

Twenty thousand rupees it would cost , but the extension worker said the government would pay for it if they could register a co-operative .
twenty thousand rupees it would cost , but the extension worker said the government would pay for it if they could [sign up] a co-operative .

‘ Yes , the money to register the co-operative . ’
‘ yes , the money to [sign up] the co-operative . ’

No register is needed .
no [sign up] is needed .

It is absolutely different from keeping a register of every adult in the community .
it is absolutely different from keeping a [sign up] of every adult in the community .

The Data Protection Registrar is quoted as warning local councils that they could break the law if they maintain a register of all adults for the council tax .
the data protection registrar is quoted as warning local councils that they could break the law if they maintain a [sign up] of all adults for the council tax .

Has the Minister clarified with the Data Protection Registrar the question of local authorities compiling a list ? What would be the difference in data protection terms between a list and a register ? They would seem to have the same purpose . Can the Minister give any assurances on that point ?
has the minister clarified with the data protection registrar the question of local authorities compiling a list ? what would be the difference in data protection terms between a list and a [sign up] ? they would seem to have the same purpose . can the minister give any assurances on that point ?

That matter is of great practical importance to local authorities . Does the Minister agree that his own remarks today and those of the Data Protection Registrar are a good deal less categorical than the Minister 's earlier assertion that the keeping of a register would be unlawful ? When does the Minister propose to resolve that issue ? Does he understand and accept that it is important that local authorities should receive reliable guidance as soon as possible ?
that matter is of great practical importance to local authorities . does the minister agree that his own remarks today and those of the data protection registrar are a good deal less categorical than the minister 's earlier assertion that the keeping of a [sign up] would be unlawful ? when does the minister propose to resolve that issue ? does he understand and accept that it is important that local authorities should receive reliable guidance as soon as possible ?

Will the Leader of the House take into account early-day motion 452 ? [ That this House calls for publication of the Register of Members '
will the leader of the house take into account early-day motion 452 ? [ that this house calls for publication of the [sign up] of members '

Secretaries and Research Assistants ; notes that the Register includes information on , amongst others provided with access passes , the proprietor of private psychiatric nursing and residential homes , employees of political and economic consultancies , international law firms , company directors , representatives of parliamentary lobbying organisations ( including Research and Information Services , Westminster Ltd. , Chelgate Public Relations Ltd. , Taylor Steingberg Associates , Westminster Communications , Decision Makers Ltd. , Charles Barker Public Affairs and others ) , a parliamentary researcher for parliamentary agents , a Lloyds underwriter and the Managing Director of Charles Barker Watney and Powell ; and urges the Leader of the House to place a Motion on the Order Paper to facilitate publication so that the public may be aware of who has such privileged access , and why . ]
secretaries and research assistants ; notes that the [sign up] includes information on , amongst others provided with access passes , the proprietor of private psychiatric nursing and residential homes , employees of political and economic consultancies , international law firms , company directors , representatives of parliamentary lobbying organisations ( including research and information services , westminster ltd. , chelgate public relations ltd. , taylor steingberg associates , westminster communications , decision makers ltd. , charles barker public affairs and others ) , a parliamentary researcher for parliamentary agents , a lloyds underwriter and the managing director of charles barker watney and powell ; and urges the leader of the house to place a motion on the order paper to facilitate publication so that the public may be aware of who has such privileged access , and why . ]

The motion calls for the publication of the Register of Members '
the motion calls for the publication of the [sign up] of members '

Secretaries and Research Assistants , and asks specifically that something be done about the business of the House — that is , that a motion should be put on the Order Paper to ensure that the register is published , as it contains an astounding cross-section of commercial lobbying organisations .
secretaries and research assistants , and asks specifically that something be done about the business of the house — that is , that a motion should be put on the order paper to ensure that the [sign up] is published , as it contains an astounding cross-section of commercial lobbying organisations .

However , she checked the guest register to make sure the day in question was not overloaded with outdoor activities , and in fact it was quite free .
however , she checked the guest [sign up] to make sure the day in question was not overloaded with outdoor activities , and in fact it was quite free .

Flicking through the register , she then noticed that most of the Wednesdays appeared to have been kept free , and as she pondered this strange fact Silas returned to the office .
flicking through the [sign up] , she then noticed that most of the wednesdays appeared to have been kept free , and as she pondered this strange fact silas returned to the office .

Lucy 's hand was not quite steady as she wrote the name in the guest register .
lucy 's hand was not quite steady as she wrote the name in the guest [sign up] .

She then saw the men turn and make their way to where she stood on the veranda , and she knew that Silas had sent them to sign the register .
she then saw the men turn and make their way to where she stood on the veranda , and she knew that silas had sent them to sign the [sign up] .

Electoral Register
electoral [sign up]

To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department what are his Department 's plans to maximise the number of people on the 1992-93 electoral register ; and if he will make a statement .
to ask the secretary of state for the home department what are his department 's plans to maximise the number of people on the 1992-93 electoral [sign up] ; and if he will make a statement .

We shall also continue our annual research into the working methods of electoral registration officers , and produce updated best practice notes to assist them in compiling an accurate register .
we shall also continue our annual research into the working methods of electoral registration officers , and produce updated best practice notes to assist them in compiling an accurate [sign up] .

The current electoral register is a mess .
the current electoral [sign up] is a mess .

There is to be a new register on which the general election could be fought .
there is to be a new [sign up] on which the general election could be fought .

There is time to put the register right .
there is time to put the [sign up] right .

Following the initiative of my right hon. Friend the Prime Minister , the first committee of the United Nations General Assembly has adopted a resolution recommending to the assembly the establishment of a universal and non-discriminatory register of arms transfers .
following the initiative of my right hon. friend the prime minister , the first committee of the united nations general assembly has adopted a resolution recommending to the assembly the establishment of a universal and non-discriminatory [sign up] of arms transfers .

Would not the best way to advance transparency in world arms sales and achieve a United Nations register be for Britain now to declare that we shall have transparency and a register of Britain 's arms sales ?
would not the best way to advance transparency in world arms sales and achieve a united nations [sign up] be for britain now to declare that we shall have transparency and a [sign up] of britain 's arms sales ?

The need for Government action to ensure that sufficient ships remain on the British register to meet defence needs is under consideration .
the need for government action to ensure that sufficient ships remain on the british [sign up] to meet defence needs is under consideration .

Why is it that £22.50 is spent on advertising and publicity for each expatriate voter who chooses to record his vote in this country , while only one tenth of a penny is spent in the United Kingdom encouraging people to vote ? Is this one of the reasons why 1 million people are missing off the electoral register ? What does the Prime Minister intend to do between now and a general election to put those 1 million people back on the register ?
why is it that £22.50 is spent on advertising and publicity for each expatriate voter who chooses to record his vote in this country , while only one tenth of a penny is spent in the united kingdom encouraging people to vote ? is this one of the reasons why 1 million people are missing off the electoral [sign up] ? what does the prime minister intend to do between now and a general election to put those 1 million people back on the [sign up] ?

In response to the statement by the Birmingham city treasurer that he would have to keep a register to administer the council tax , the Minister asserted that the keeping of such a register would be unlawful . Does he adhere to that assertion and , if so , what was the basis for it ?
in response to the statement by the birmingham city treasurer that he would have to keep a [sign up] to administer the council tax , the minister asserted that the keeping of such a [sign up] would be unlawful . does he adhere to that assertion and , if so , what was the basis for it ?

The basis is that there is no power in the Local Government Finance Bill now in Committee for councils to keep a register .
the basis is that there is no power in the local government finance bill now in committee for councils to keep a [sign up] .

Nor is there any power for them either to require details from people in order to keep a register or to require people to continue to notify them of changes in any register .
nor is there any power for them either to require details from people in order to keep a [sign up] or to require people to continue to notify them of changes in any [sign up] .

Friend take time today to congratulate the doctors and staff at Ormskirk district general hospital who are second in the country in respect of their waiting list register , with 94 per cent .
friend take time today to congratulate the doctors and staff at ormskirk district general hospital who are second in the country in respect of their waiting list [sign up] , with 94 per cent .

of patients operated on within three months of their names appearing on the register ?
of patients operated on within three months of their names appearing on the [sign up] ?

We proposed the appointment of a United Nations disaster relief co-ordinator and the introduction of a United Nations arms register , and both proposals have been accepted .
we proposed the appointment of a united nations disaster relief co-ordinator and the introduction of a united nations arms [sign up] , and both proposals have been accepted .

Members of all parties who have interests have them declared in the register , as the hon .
members of all parties who have interests have them declared in the [sign up] , as the hon .

One bill will be issued for the council tax , and supposedly there will be no register .
one bill will be issued for the council tax , and supposedly there will be no [sign up] .

How will it , without a list or register , determine whether a household is a single or a two-person household ?
how will it , without a list or [sign up] , determine whether a household is a single or a two-person household ?

Of course there will have to be a register : otherwise , the system will be thrown into chaos .
of course there will have to be a [sign up] : otherwise , the system will be thrown into chaos .

It will have to compile a list or a register , so the idea that the council tax will not need a register is a complete fiction .
it will have to compile a list or a [sign up] , so the idea that the council tax will not need a [sign up] is a complete fiction .

The dual element will be a cause of great confusion , which will be compounded by the proposals for other discounts and rebates for people on low incomes . How can those rebates and discounts be administered without some form of register or list ? How is a local authority to react to thousands of claims for rebate ? Will it wait to deal with them when the bills drop on the doormats and then try to compile a list of people entitled to a rebate after the council tax has been introduced ? Will local authorities be required to compile a register of people entitled to rebates before the council tax is implemented ? What is the time scale for implementation ?
the dual element will be a cause of great confusion , which will be compounded by the proposals for other discounts and rebates for people on low incomes . how can those rebates and discounts be administered without some form of [sign up] or list ? how is a local authority to react to thousands of claims for rebate ? will it wait to deal with them when the bills drop on the doormats and then try to compile a list of people entitled to a rebate after the council tax has been introduced ? will local authorities be required to compile a [sign up] of people entitled to rebates before the council tax is implemented ? what is the time scale for implementation ?

Local authorities themselves are saying that a register will be needed .
local authorities themselves are saying that a [sign up] will be needed .

It needs a register .
it needs a [sign up] .

It is obvious that some form of register will be needed .
it is obvious that some form of [sign up] will be needed .

Many people have said , ’ How wonderful , there will be no register . ’
many people have said , ’ how wonderful , there will be no [sign up] . ’

Member for Eastwood ( Mr. Stewart ) cheerfully told the nation on radio the other day , ’ Of course , there will not be a register , but there will have to be a list .
member for eastwood ( mr. stewart ) cheerfully told the nation on radio the other day , ’ of course , there will not be a [sign up] , but there will have to be a list .

Will he explain to the House the difference between a register and a list ?
will he explain to the house the difference between a [sign up] and a list ?

There is all the difference in the world between a register and a list .
there is all the difference in the world between a [sign up] and a list .

It therefore proposes a register of those who are eligible for relief .
it therefore proposes a [sign up] of those who are eligible for relief .

Therefore , it proposes that as a result of computerisation at the Inland Revenue a local authority register will be established so that authorities are aware of the pensioners , those with disabilities and those on low incomes .
therefore , it proposes that as a result of computerisation at the inland revenue a local authority [sign up] will be established so that authorities are aware of the pensioners , those with disabilities and those on low incomes .

Our system is not register based but claimant based .
our system is not [sign up] based but claimant based .

The Labour party can not have it both ways : it attacks the system either because it expects people to claim or because it requires a register .
the labour party can not have it both ways : it attacks the system either because it expects people to claim or because it requires a [sign up] .

Secondly , a register will be required .
secondly , a [sign up] will be required .

It will require a register , and a proper rebate system would do the job much better .
it will require a [sign up] , and a proper rebate system would do the job much better .

We know that it still has a poll tax element , that it will still need a register , and that it still does not relate to the ability to pay .
we know that it still has a poll tax element , that it will still need a [sign up] , and that it still does not relate to the ability to pay .

Members have said that there must be a register .
members have said that there must be a [sign up] .

The Government have made it absolutely clear that a statutory register of council taxpayers is not required .
the government have made it absolutely clear that a statutory [sign up] of council taxpayers is not required .

Will the Secretary of State canvass how this matter is being approached from the point of view of data protection ? What advice would he give local authorities which might want to keep not a register but a list ? What is the difference between a register and a list in relation to data protection ?
will the secretary of state canvass how this matter is being approached from the point of view of data protection ? what advice would he give local authorities which might want to keep not a [sign up] but a list ? what is the difference between a [sign up] and a list in relation to data protection ?

There is no question , therefore , of a register being required .
there is no question , therefore , of a [sign up] being required .

The Opposition raised the canard that some sort of register is required under the council tax .
the opposition raised the canard that some sort of [sign up] is required under the council tax .

It is not like a council tax register with people not wishing to make themselves known .
it is not like a council tax [sign up] with people not wishing to make themselves known .

There is no statutory requirement to hold a register of such people .
there is no statutory requirement to hold a [sign up] of such people .

There is all the difference in the world between finding out who the single people are and having a statutory register as we have under the community charge .
there is all the difference in the world between finding out who the single people are and having a statutory [sign up] as we have under the community charge .

Member for Dagenham , who referred to the community charge register as a threat to civil rights .
member for dagenham , who referred to the community charge [sign up] as a threat to civil rights .

He talked of the hundreds of thousands who traded away their votes so as not to register for the community charge .
he talked of the hundreds of thousands who traded away their votes so as not to [sign up] for the community charge .

Equations which Spenser made between religion , class , morality , and self-control ( especially in sexual matters ) as a register of civility or savagery , and ultimately of good or evil , may be found uncannily , certainly uncomfortably , circulating within our current social discourses .
equations which spenser made between religion , class , morality , and self-control ( especially in sexual matters ) as a [sign up] of civility or savagery , and ultimately of good or evil , may be found uncannily , certainly uncomfortably , circulating within our current social discourses .

Although you can do all the water plumbing side yourself , the gas fitting should be left to a qualified gas fitter who is on the register of the Confederation for the Registration of Gas Installers .
although you can do all the water plumbing side yourself , the gas fitting should be left to a qualified gas fitter who is on the [sign up] of the confederation for the registration of gas installers .

She looked out of the window but hardly seemed to register what she saw .
she looked out of the window but hardly seemed to [sign up] what she saw .

‘ Then what are you doing here now ? ’ Maria flared , the insults having begun to register humiliatingly , boring hotly into her .
‘ then what are you doing here now ? ’ maria flared , the insults having begun to [sign up] humiliatingly , boring hotly into her .

’ He paused for an instant , just long enough for her to register the warning reflected in his eyes .
’ he paused for an instant , just long enough for her to [sign up] the warning reflected in his eyes .

This was part of the policy of ‘ normalisation ’ for the territory , which they 'd begun as they started to register decisive military successes .
this was part of the policy of ‘ normalisation ’ for the territory , which they 'd begun as they started to [sign up] decisive military successes .

The small , soft sound took a while to register , and when it did she looked up , startled .
the small , soft sound took a while to [sign up] , and when it did she looked up , startled .

Even as Greg turned to run towards the house , he seemed to register that Viola 's concern for Hilda was less genuine than her concern for Pimpernel .
even as greg turned to run towards the house , he seemed to [sign up] that viola 's concern for hilda was less genuine than her concern for pimpernel .

’ Meredith 's sympathetic understanding did n't register on him at all and , judging by the malevolent turn to his sensually modelled mouth , he was absorbed in mentally tearing to shreds whoever had stood him up .
’ meredith 's sympathetic understanding did n't [sign up] on him at all and , judging by the malevolent turn to his sensually modelled mouth , he was absorbed in mentally tearing to shreds whoever had stood him up .

The Bank is responsible for the administration of sales of both types of instrument and , in the case of bonds , for maintaining the register of holders .
the bank is responsible for the administration of sales of both types of instrument and , in the case of bonds , for maintaining the [sign up] of holders .

Since 1979 they too have been required to register with local authority Social Services Departments , and are not counted in the official education statistics .
since 1979 they too have been required to [sign up] with local authority social services departments , and are not counted in the official education statistics .

The Parlement of Bordeaux , for example , gave forcible expression in a remonstrance of May 1757 to the idea that it was the guardian of the ‘ ancient and fundamental laws ’ of France and could and should not register any legislation which infringed these .
the parlement of bordeaux , for example , gave forcible expression in a remonstrance of may 1757 to the idea that it was the guardian of the ‘ ancient and fundamental laws ’ of france and could and should not [sign up] any legislation which infringed these .

Alyssia hesitantly walked in , and almost immediately saw her friend by the cash register , looking with interest at a couple of oldish women who had put on some very garish dresses and were inspecting themselves in the mirror .
alyssia hesitantly walked in , and almost immediately saw her friend by the cash [sign up] , looking with interest at a couple of oldish women who had put on some very garish dresses and were inspecting themselves in the mirror .

Roman signed the register the man handed him and , telling him to send the luggage up , took Claudia 's arm , and they were out in the street before she could speak .
roman signed the [sign up] the man handed him and , telling him to send the luggage up , took claudia 's arm , and they were out in the street before she could speak .

And at this moment she had a finger threading the maze of the register , and one hand already vaguely gesturing towards the key-board .
and at this moment she had a finger threading the maze of the [sign up] , and one hand already vaguely gesturing towards the key-board .

‘ No-o … these things are numbered and they 'll be cross-indexed to some sort of register of names .
‘ no-o … these things are numbered and they 'll be cross-indexed to some sort of [sign up] of names .

The interests of the directors in shares of the company , according to the register required to be kept by Section 325 of the Companies Act 1985 , were : 31st March 1993
the interests of the directors in shares of the company , according to the [sign up] required to be kept by section 325 of the companies act 1985 , were : 31st march 1993

Whatever the subtlety which is brought into arguments about the quality of teaching , those classes and groups within a school which , regardless of individual children 's difficulties and disadvantages , regularly register high attainments will enhance the name of the school .
whatever the subtlety which is brought into arguments about the quality of teaching , those classes and groups within a school which , regardless of individual children 's difficulties and disadvantages , regularly [sign up] high attainments will enhance the name of the school .

Two hundred and fifty hours later , after fitting an alarm and the full system over numerous late nights , early mornings and long weekends we drove the finished product out of the garage at 3.00am on Saturday 5 September , yes four hours before we had to register at Wembley .
two hundred and fifty hours later , after fitting an alarm and the full system over numerous late nights , early mornings and long weekends we drove the finished product out of the garage at 3.00am on saturday 5 september , yes four hours before we had to [sign up] at wembley .

To have a register and fully annotated report of all the training currently offered by all denominations , and other relevant organizations .
to have a [sign up] and fully annotated report of all the training currently offered by all denominations , and other relevant organizations .

If you could like to register or receive a programme after the New Year please fill in the form below .
if you could like to [sign up] or receive a programme after the new year please fill in the form below .

Centres should note that in an integrated programme of music modules a centre may register a candidate for each of the modules for which it is anticipated the candidate will be successful ie which allows the candidate to be certificated at his/her maximum level of attainment ( see paragraph 5 on Registration ) .
centres should note that in an integrated programme of music modules a centre may [sign up] a candidate for each of the modules for which it is anticipated the candidate will be successful ie which allows the candidate to be certificated at his/her maximum level of attainment ( see paragraph 5 on registration ) .

The instrument categories of Strings 1 and Strings 2 exist in order that a student can , if he/she wishes , register for two string instruments in the same module at the same level for different string techniques .
the instrument categories of strings 1 and strings 2 exist in order that a student can , if he/she wishes , [sign up] for two string instruments in the same module at the same level for different string techniques .

5.2 For the series of Music Making modules , Centres should register a candidate for each of the modules for which it is anticipated the candidate will be successful .
5.2 for the series of music making modules , centres should [sign up] a candidate for each of the modules for which it is anticipated the candidate will be successful .

Certain other rights , such as the right to inspect the register of trade union members , can be made the subject of a complaint to the Certification Officer .
certain other rights , such as the right to inspect the [sign up] of trade union members , can be made the subject of a complaint to the certification officer .

68 The Council shall provide a Code of Conduct regulating the activities and conduct of individuals on the Register through the promulgation , from time to time , of Rules of Conduct , which shall prescribe standards of conduct with which failure to comply constitutes misconduct for the purposes of the Charter .
68 the council shall provide a code of conduct regulating the activities and conduct of individuals on the [sign up] through the promulgation , from time to time , of rules of conduct , which shall prescribe standards of conduct with which failure to comply constitutes misconduct for the purposes of the charter .

69 All individuals on the Register shall be required to conform to the Rules of Conduct promulgated by the Council .
69 all individuals on the [sign up] shall be required to conform to the rules of conduct promulgated by the council .

Failure by an individual on the Register to comply with such rules shall constitute misconduct for the purposes of the Charter rendering such individual liable to disciplinary action pursuant to Bye–Laws 70 to 73 ( inclusive ) .
failure by an individual on the [sign up] to comply with such rules shall constitute misconduct for the purposes of the charter rendering such individual liable to disciplinary action pursuant to bye–laws 70 to 73 ( inclusive ) .

The Council may provide that the provisions of any Codes of Practice promulgated by it shall be available to and shall be taken into account by the investigating and disciplinary bodies and , if appropriate , the appeals committee in determining whether or not an individual on the Register has failed to comply with the Rules of Conduct or is otherwise liable to disciplinary action pursuant to the Charter .
the council may provide that the provisions of any codes of practice promulgated by it shall be available to and shall be taken into account by the investigating and disciplinary bodies and , if appropriate , the appeals committee in determining whether or not an individual on the [sign up] has failed to comply with the rules of conduct or is otherwise liable to disciplinary action pursuant to the charter .

The Council may further provide that compliance with the provisions of the Codes of Practice by any individual on the Register shall be a defence against any complaint in any proceedings brought against such individual pursuant to Bye–Law 70 provided that the provisions of the Code of Practice are , in the opinion of the Council , relevant to the complaint being investigated and adjudicated upon .
the council may further provide that compliance with the provisions of the codes of practice by any individual on the [sign up] shall be a defence against any complaint in any proceedings brought against such individual pursuant to bye–law 70 provided that the provisions of the code of practice are , in the opinion of the council , relevant to the complaint being investigated and adjudicated upon .

Refer to annual leave register to find out how many days employee has taken .
refer to annual leave [sign up] to find out how many days employee has taken .

The register opens some three weeks before the Declaration of Speyer of May 1199 had been drawn up .
the [sign up] opens some three weeks before the declaration of speyer of may 1199 had been drawn up .

His position — the position , indeed , to which he clung throughout the long controversy — is made clear in his reply to the Staufer and in the early letters of the register .
his position — the position , indeed , to which he clung throughout the long controversy — is made clear in his reply to the staufer and in the early letters of the [sign up] .

The answer lies in the secret register .
the answer lies in the secret [sign up] .

Yet from the sixth century , under Pope Gelasius , there was a polypticus , a register of financial rights recording the revenues of the Church , which was revised by Gregory the Great .
yet from the sixth century , under pope gelasius , there was a polypticus , a [sign up] of financial rights recording the revenues of the church , which was revised by gregory the great .

Bishop Buckingham in the fourteenth century tried to stamp out old superstitious usages and pagan practices in his diocese of Lincoln , according to entries in his register .
bishop buckingham in the fourteenth century tried to stamp out old superstitious usages and pagan practices in his diocese of lincoln , according to entries in his [sign up] .

Also , it is very difficult to stratify the electoral register ( a frequently used sampling list ) by social class or by education .
also , it is very difficult to stratify the electoral [sign up] ( a frequently used sampling list ) by social class or by education .

Similarly , a researcher interested in the determinants of voting choice might select respondents to interview from an electoral register .
similarly , a researcher interested in the determinants of voting choice might select respondents to interview from an electoral [sign up] .

Under the new legislation , leaders of state enterprise unions were forced to seek approval from the Interior Ministry to register their organizations as `` associations `` .
under the new legislation , leaders of state enterprise unions were forced to seek approval from the interior ministry to [sign up] their organizations as `` associations `` .

The new law described the `` Corsican people `` as `` part of the French people `` ; established a regional executive council with its own powers , and provided for the drawing up of a new electoral register .
the new law described the `` corsican people `` as `` part of the french people `` ; established a regional executive council with its own powers , and provided for the drawing up of a new electoral [sign up] .

However , the register , classifying the remainder of the country 's 36,000,000 people , only 4,500,000 of them white , was due to remain in force until the agreement of an eventual new constitution which , de Klerk told parliament , was `` within our reach within a few years `` .
however , the [sign up] , classifying the remainder of the country 's 36,000,000 people , only 4,500,000 of them white , was due to remain in force until the agreement of an eventual new constitution which , de klerk told parliament , was `` within our reach within a few years `` .

The High Court on July 17 rejected Odinga 's appeal against the government 's refusal to allow him to register his National Democratic Party , formed in February as a challenge to the 1982 constitutional amendment which made Kenya a one-party state [ see p. 38182 ] .
the high court on july 17 rejected odinga 's appeal against the government 's refusal to allow him to [sign up] his national democratic party , formed in february as a challenge to the 1982 constitutional amendment which made kenya a one-party state [ see p. 38182 ] .

( 2 ) The Upgrading of Land Tenure Rights Bill would enable 300,000 black householders to convert their existing 99-year leases to full ownership of their homes , and would set up a single property register , while government land loaned to rural tribes for communal farming would be transferred to ownership by those tribes .
( 2 ) the upgrading of land tenure rights bill would enable 300,000 black householders to convert their existing 99-year leases to full ownership of their homes , and would set up a single property [sign up] , while government land loaned to rural tribes for communal farming would be transferred to ownership by those tribes .

In December 1989 , coinciding with an improvement in Soviet-Vatican relations , Uniate congregations had been allowed legally to register [ see p. 37129 ] , and while the Uniate Church still did not formally enjoy full legal status most obstacles to its operating legally had been removed by the October 1990 Soviet law on freedom of worship [ see pp .
in december 1989 , coinciding with an improvement in soviet-vatican relations , uniate congregations had been allowed legally to [sign up] [ see p. 37129 ] , and while the uniate church still did not formally enjoy full legal status most obstacles to its operating legally had been removed by the october 1990 soviet law on freedom of worship [ see pp .

According to Danielle de St Jorre , Minister for Planning and External Affairs , after modifications to the Constitution political parties would be invited to register from the beginning of January 1992 ; party-based elections for a constituent commission were expected to be held in July .
according to danielle de st jorre , minister for planning and external affairs , after modifications to the constitution political parties would be invited to [sign up] from the beginning of january 1992 ; party-based elections for a constituent commission were expected to be held in july .

On Dec. 9 the General Assembly approved by 150 votes to none , with two abstentions ( Iraq and Cuba ) , a resolution establishing a register of international arms sales [ see also pp. 38365-66 ; 38553 ] .
on dec. 9 the general assembly approved by 150 votes to none , with two abstentions ( iraq and cuba ) , a resolution establishing a [sign up] of international arms sales [ see also pp. 38365-66 ; 38553 ] .

On Nov. 17 Wilson Ndolo Ayah , the Foreign Minister , summoned representatives from six foreign missions to register concern about the behaviour of diplomats in Kenya .
on nov. 17 wilson ndolo ayah , the foreign minister , summoned representatives from six foreign missions to [sign up] concern about the behaviour of diplomats in kenya .

On Nov. 22 elections , which on Nov. 10 had been called by President Hugh Desmond Hoyte for Dec. 16 , and which were constitutionally required to be held by Dec. 28 at the latest , were indefinitely postponed after the chairman of the Elections Commission , Rudolph Collins , warned that a proper electoral register could not be prepared in time .
on nov. 22 elections , which on nov. 10 had been called by president hugh desmond hoyte for dec. 16 , and which were constitutionally required to be held by dec. 28 at the latest , were indefinitely postponed after the chairman of the elections commission , rudolph collins , warned that a proper electoral [sign up] could not be prepared in time .

The United States Carter Centre , incorporating the Council for Freely Elected Heads of Government , which was supervising electoral preparations , had found in October that some 130,000 eligible voters had been omitted from the electoral register of a potential 350,000 names and that others were registered in the wrong areas .
the united states carter centre , incorporating the council for freely elected heads of government , which was supervising electoral preparations , had found in october that some 130,000 eligible voters had been omitted from the electoral [sign up] of a potential 350,000 names and that others were registered in the wrong areas .

The military authorities at Blida refused to allow Madani and Belhadj to sign documents authorizing their lawyers to register them as parliamentary candidates before the Nov. 11 deadline for registration .
the military authorities at blida refused to allow madani and belhadj to sign documents authorizing their lawyers to [sign up] them as parliamentary candidates before the nov. 11 deadline for registration .

On Nov. 23 the government responded to the deteriorating situation by invoking new emergency measures requiring all householders and their guests to register with the police .
on nov. 23 the government responded to the deteriorating situation by invoking new emergency measures requiring all householders and their guests to [sign up] with the police .

However , although she had an absolute majority of the MPs entitled to participate , she failed by four votes to register in addition the required 15 per cent margin ( 56 votes ) over Heseltine , and a second ballot was necessary .
however , although she had an absolute majority of the mps entitled to participate , she failed by four votes to [sign up] in addition the required 15 per cent margin ( 56 votes ) over heseltine , and a second ballot was necessary .

Negotiations between the government and the opposition , which disputed the November presidential election results [ see p. 39180 ] , failed after the government refused to concede the principal demand — the completion of a new voters ' register .
negotiations between the government and the opposition , which disputed the november presidential election results [ see p. 39180 ] , failed after the government refused to concede the principal demand — the completion of a new voters ' [sign up] .

The referendum had been scheduled for November but had been postponed at the request of the political parties following the transitional government 's evident difficulties in drawing up a voters ' register .
the referendum had been scheduled for november but had been postponed at the request of the political parties following the transitional government 's evident difficulties in drawing up a voters ' [sign up] .

During December the Interior Ministry processed applications to register as political parties by eight groups , of which three were rejected and five accepted .
during december the interior ministry processed applications to [sign up] as political parties by eight groups , of which three were rejected and five accepted .

With the opposition boycott of legislative elections in March 1992 [ see p. 38802 ] and updating of the electoral register permitted only between January and March of any year , several opposition parties had failed to register some 1 , 500,000 of their supporters .
with the opposition boycott of legislative elections in march 1992 [ see p. 38802 ] and updating of the electoral [sign up] permitted only between january and march of any year , several opposition parties had failed to [sign up] some 1 , 500,000 of their supporters .

The Church denounced nonprofessional healing as heresy ( hence condemning many female midwives to the stake as witches in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries ) and the state was prevailed on to grant a final legal monopoly of practice to the medically qualified by the establishment of the Medical Register in 1858 .
the church denounced nonprofessional healing as heresy ( hence condemning many female midwives to the stake as witches in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries ) and the state was prevailed on to grant a final legal monopoly of practice to the medically qualified by the establishment of the medical [sign up] in 1858 .

Where land is registered , right gained by adverse possession amounts to an overriding interest , and defeats a purchaser even if not on the register .
where land is registered , right gained by adverse possession amounts to an overriding interest , and defeats a purchaser even if not on the [sign up] .

Register : the " voice " you use when you write
[sign up] : the " voice " you use when you write

Our choice of register when we write displays our attitude towards our reader and towards the subject matter we are writing about .
our choice of [sign up] when we write displays our attitude towards our reader and towards the subject matter we are writing about .

Investigating register should enable you to develop a style that observes established conventions but is at the same time not too disconnected from your own voice or sense of self .
investigating [sign up] should enable you to develop a style that observes established conventions but is at the same time not too disconnected from your own voice or sense of self .

Initially , however , finding an appropriate register is likely to involve accentuating aspects of what you already see as `` your own voice `` , perhaps combined with some degree of imitation of one or more voices you like .
initially , however , finding an appropriate [sign up] is likely to involve accentuating aspects of what you already see as `` your own voice `` , perhaps combined with some degree of imitation of one or more voices you like .

Readers — not only teachers and examiners , but readers generally — develop such sophisticated responses to nuances of register that faked styles are likely to be noticeable .
readers — not only teachers and examiners , but readers generally — develop such sophisticated responses to nuances of [sign up] that faked styles are likely to be noticeable .

The academic essay or dissertation is a `` situation `` which has its own appropriate register .
the academic essay or dissertation is a `` situation `` which has its own appropriate [sign up] .

The register of academic writing is influenced by several different factors .
the [sign up] of academic writing is influenced by several different factors .

For example , certain things conspire to give academic register connotations of `` seriousness `` : you are being assessed on your writing ( a serious matter ) and you are writing about important things , such as culture ( a serious topic ) .
for example , certain things conspire to give academic [sign up] connotations of `` seriousness `` : you are being assessed on your writing ( a serious matter ) and you are writing about important things , such as culture ( a serious topic ) .

These connotations of seriousness lead to academic writing having a rather formal register , which is for example different from the register of everyday speech .
these connotations of seriousness lead to academic writing having a rather formal [sign up] , which is for example different from the [sign up] of everyday speech .

Academic register is formal , but not as formal as legal or religious language , with their archaic vocabularies ; again the underlying idea that your writing should be clear means that your style can not be too obscure .
academic [sign up] is formal , but not as formal as legal or religious language , with their archaic vocabularies ; again the underlying idea that your writing should be clear means that your style can not be too obscure .

More generally , the fact that literary studies is sometimes thought of as a general training in thinking and writing means that you are expected to be able to control how you write — in particular , that you are able consistently to use a particular appropriate register .
more generally , the fact that literary studies is sometimes thought of as a general training in thinking and writing means that you are expected to be able to control how you write — in particular , that you are able consistently to use a particular appropriate [sign up] .

One of the main characteristics of the register appropriate for academic writing is that it does not resemble the register of conversational speech .
one of the main characteristics of the [sign up] appropriate for academic writing is that it does not resemble the [sign up] of conversational speech .

Here are some of the features of the register of conversational speech which an academic register avoids : — contractions like `` there 's `` , `` it 's `` , `` they 've `` , etc .
here are some of the features of the [sign up] of conversational speech which an academic [sign up] avoids : — contractions like `` there 's `` , `` it 's `` , `` they 've `` , etc .

In view of what we have said about the suitability of particular registers for writing , you may be surprised that we ourselves are adopting a relatively conversational register in this book .
in view of what we have said about the suitability of particular registers for writing , you may be surprised that we ourselves are adopting a relatively conversational [sign up] in this book .

In general this book is written in a register we consider appropriate for a textbook of this type .
in general this book is written in a [sign up] we consider appropriate for a textbook of this type .

Textbooks have a register of their own and do not provide a suitable model for imitating in your essay-writing .
textbooks have a [sign up] of their own and do not provide a suitable model for imitating in your essay-writing .

In part , academic register is a convention you learn to adopt so that your essays `` sound right `` .
in part , academic [sign up] is a convention you learn to adopt so that your essays `` sound right `` .

Overall , most teachers of essay-writing would say that academic register involves clarity and modern usage , coupled with a degree of formality that nevertheless does not extend into pomposity or technical difficulty .
overall , most teachers of essay-writing would say that academic [sign up] involves clarity and modern usage , coupled with a degree of formality that nevertheless does not extend into pomposity or technical difficulty .

Academic register is usually characterised partly by avoiding the features of spoken register .
academic [sign up] is usually characterised partly by avoiding the features of spoken [sign up] .

Whatever choice you make stylistically , you need to maintain a register consistently , so that ( even though the register is selected and constructed ) it appears plausible as a `` genuine `` voice rather than merely an unstable , contrived style .
whatever choice you make stylistically , you need to maintain a [sign up] consistently , so that ( even though the [sign up] is selected and constructed ) it appears plausible as a `` genuine `` voice rather than merely an unstable , contrived style .

Register-drift or register-clash , where forms from one register surface unexpectedly in another , often indicate that a style is not under control .
register-drift or register-clash , where forms from one [sign up] surface unexpectedly in another , often indicate that a style is not under control .

Sometimes , register inconsistency produces unintended pastiche and humour , in the same way that direct imitation of published styles can .
sometimes , [sign up] inconsistency produces unintended pastiche and humour , in the same way that direct imitation of published styles can .

register that clashes with the rest of the paragraph .
[sign up] that clashes with the rest of the paragraph .

Aspects of your chosen register signal your attitude towards your reader , as well as , sometimes , towards the writer ( s ) you are discussing .
aspects of your chosen [sign up] signal your attitude towards your reader , as well as , sometimes , towards the writer ( s ) you are discussing .

Representing your feelings or responses to a passage can also present register difficulties .
representing your feelings or responses to a passage can also present [sign up] difficulties .

One alternative to such phrases lies in expressions of your own which are intended to convey more genuine , original response , but which within the overall register of academic essay-writing can sound uncritical or even gushing : `` brilliant `` , `` fantastic `` , `` really wonderful `` , `` quite magical `` , `` unbelievably beautiful `` .
one alternative to such phrases lies in expressions of your own which are intended to convey more genuine , original response , but which within the overall [sign up] of academic essay-writing can sound uncritical or even gushing : `` brilliant `` , `` fantastic `` , `` really wonderful `` , `` quite magical `` , `` unbelievably beautiful `` .

The result is a range of different genres of literary criticism and literary theory , to some extent distinguished by register .
the result is a range of different genres of literary criticism and literary theory , to some extent distinguished by [sign up] .

To solve this you have to make it clear what genre of writing you are working in ( which is partly a matter of the overall register you establish ) ; the technical terms will then be understood according to the conventions of that genre .
to solve this you have to make it clear what genre of writing you are working in ( which is partly a matter of the overall [sign up] you establish ) ; the technical terms will then be understood according to the conventions of that genre .

As long as they do not become too obtrusive , such glosses serve to embed technical terms effectively even within a register which is in other respects informal , or even impressionistic .
as long as they do not become too obtrusive , such glosses serve to embed technical terms effectively even within a [sign up] which is in other respects informal , or even impressionistic .

because of its register ) .
because of its [sign up] ) .

In describing the various features of this academic essay-writing register , we have stressed that the style you adopt not only places your essay in an established , conventional idiom , but also creates a clear impression of you and your attitudes towards your subject matter , as well as defining a specific relationship with your reader .
in describing the various features of this academic essay-writing [sign up] , we have stressed that the style you adopt not only places your essay in an established , conventional idiom , but also creates a clear impression of you and your attitudes towards your subject matter , as well as defining a specific relationship with your reader .

* Develop a register for your academic writing which avoids characteristics of speech but which you can still comfortably read aloud ( see pp. 73 – 4 ) .
* develop a [sign up] for your academic writing which avoids characteristics of speech but which you can still comfortably read aloud ( see pp. 73 – 4 ) .

* Use the same register throughout an essay ( see pp. 77 – 8 ) .
* use the same [sign up] throughout an essay ( see pp. 77 – 8 ) .

( 1 ) This chapter is not written in a standard academic register ( such as you might use in an essay ) .
( 1 ) this chapter is not written in a standard academic [sign up] ( such as you might use in an essay ) .

Take the paragraph on p. 73 beginning `` On the whole … `` , underline all parts of it which might be considered not to belong to standard academic register and explain why , and rewrite the paragraph in academic register .
take the paragraph on p. 73 beginning `` on the whole … `` , underline all parts of it which might be considered not to belong to standard academic [sign up] and explain why , and rewrite the paragraph in academic [sign up] .

( 3 ) Rewrite the extract on p. 78 beginning " Moore states … " , so that its register is consistent ( and neither too high nor too low for academic writing ) .
( 3 ) rewrite the extract on p. 78 beginning " moore states … " , so that its [sign up] is consistent ( and neither too high nor too low for academic writing ) .

( 4 ) The following passage contains some inconsistencies in terms of the register it adopts .
( 4 ) the following passage contains some inconsistencies in terms of the [sign up] it adopts .

Note , however , that attitudinal disjuncts can sometimes have an odd effect on the register of your essay , and are therefore less easily incorporated .
note , however , that attitudinal disjuncts can sometimes have an odd effect on the [sign up] of your essay , and are therefore less easily incorporated .

This is not only because quotation contributes to an appropriate `` literary critical `` register ( for this dubious reason , quotations are often believed to be `` compulsory in essays `` ) ; it is also because your essays are largely about language ( both the language of the literary texts you are analysing and also the language of critical works about them ) , so quotation is the main way of presenting essential data .
this is not only because quotation contributes to an appropriate `` literary critical `` [sign up] ( for this dubious reason , quotations are often believed to be `` compulsory in essays `` ) ; it is also because your essays are largely about language ( both the language of the literary texts you are analysing and also the language of critical works about them ) , so quotation is the main way of presenting essential data .

One solution to the problem is to think of the prescribed forms of standard written English as a sort of register : a variety to be used for specific purposes ( including writing coursework essays and exam answers ) which nevertheless may not be a variety that you identify much with , by comparison with the usage of your family and friends .
one solution to the problem is to think of the prescribed forms of standard written english as a sort of [sign up] : a variety to be used for specific purposes ( including writing coursework essays and exam answers ) which nevertheless may not be a variety that you identify much with , by comparison with the usage of your family and friends .

At the same time , amend other aspects of presentation ( such as register , use of quotations , etc . )
at the same time , amend other aspects of presentation ( such as [sign up] , use of quotations , etc . )

Altogether , these 63 centres expect to register over 2,400 students and trainees for the general SVQs , with the largest numbers being for the awards in care ( over 900 ) and hospitality ( around 800 ) .
altogether , these 63 centres expect to [sign up] over 2,400 students and trainees for the general svqs , with the largest numbers being for the awards in care ( over 900 ) and hospitality ( around 800 ) .

The register
the [sign up]

The Law Society maintains the register of foreign lawyers under section 89 of the 1990 Act .
the law society maintains the [sign up] of foreign lawyers under section 89 of the 1990 act .

The information on the register is available to the public .
the information on the [sign up] is available to the public .

If the Society is satisfied that the above criteria are fulfilled , and if the appropriate forms are duly completed and the fees have been paid , the Law Society may at its discretion register the foreign lawyer in the register of foreign lawyers .
if the society is satisfied that the above criteria are fulfilled , and if the appropriate forms are duly completed and the fees have been paid , the law society may at its discretion [sign up] the foreign lawyer in the [sign up] of foreign lawyers .

The 1990 Act provides that every registration shall have effect from the day on which it is entered in the register .
the 1990 act provides that every registration shall have effect from the day on which it is entered in the [sign up] .

Each person on the register will be given a renewal date ( 31st October in each year ( by which that person must apply for the registration to be renewed .
each person on the [sign up] will be given a renewal date ( 31st october in each year ( by which that person must apply for the registration to be renewed .

1 . The register of foreign lawyers shall specify , in respect of each registered foreign lawyer the following information : —
1 . the [sign up] of foreign lawyers shall specify , in respect of each registered foreign lawyer the following information : —

Every entry in the register shall specify the date by which each registered foreign lawyer shall apply for his or her registration to be renewed .
every entry in the [sign up] shall specify the date by which each registered foreign lawyer shall apply for his or her registration to be renewed .

‘ register of foreign lawyers ’ means the register maintained by the Law Society under section 89 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 ;
‘ [sign up] of foreign lawyers ’ means the [sign up] maintained by the law society under section 89 of the courts and legal services act 1990 ;

‘ registration ’ means registration in the register maintained by the Law Society under section 89 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 .
‘ registration ’ means registration in the [sign up] maintained by the law society under section 89 of the courts and legal services act 1990 .

My name is at present shown in the register of foreign lawyers as ( c ) [ ] .
my name is at present shown in the [sign up] of foreign lawyers as ( c ) [ ] .

Full name of applicant as shown on the register of foreign lawyers .
full name of applicant as shown on the [sign up] of foreign lawyers .

( 5 ) ( a ) Where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;
( 5 ) ( a ) where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the [sign up] or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;

( e ) ‘ member ’ means a person who agrees to become a member of a body corporate and whose name is entered in its register of members ;
( e ) ‘ member ’ means a person who agrees to become a member of a body corporate and whose name is entered in its [sign up] of members ;

( 5 ) ( a ) Where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is stuck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;
( 5 ) ( a ) where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is stuck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the [sign up] or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;

( c ) To apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the Company may acquire or propose to acquire .
( c ) to apply for , [sign up] , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the united kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the company may acquire or propose to acquire .

‘ member ’ means a person whose name is entered in the Company 's register of members ;
‘ member ’ means a person whose name is entered in the company 's [sign up] of members ;

The Directors shall not enter in the Company 's register of members any person until that person and any person for whom he holds a Share as nominee has submitted to the Council a Compensation Fund covenant as required by the Rules and furnished evidence of such submission to the Directors .
the directors shall not enter in the company 's [sign up] of members any person until that person and any person for whom he holds a share as nominee has submitted to the council a compensation fund covenant as required by the rules and furnished evidence of such submission to the directors .

( 2 ) ‘ Member ’ shall mean a person whose name is entered in the Company 's register of members ;
( 2 ) ‘ member ’ shall mean a person whose name is entered in the company 's [sign up] of members ;

The receipt of the Company for the purchase money shall be a good discharge to the Purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the application thereof and , after the name of the Purchaser has been entered in the register in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .
the receipt of the company for the purchase money shall be a good discharge to the purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the application thereof and , after the name of the purchaser has been entered in the [sign up] in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .

( 6 ) If the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice the Proposing Transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the Directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the Shares to any person not being a Member but capable of being a Member under these Articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the Prescribed Price but in that event the Directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any Share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .
( 6 ) if the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to purchase all the shares comprised in the transfer notice the proposing transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the shares to any person not being a member but capable of being a member under these articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the prescribed price but in that event the directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to [sign up] any such transfer of any share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .

( 7 ) In the event that a Member dies or in the event that the name of a Member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a Member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a Member is a Recognised Body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the Directors may require the Member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a Transfer Notice in respect of all the Shares then registered in the name of the Member or deceased member .
( 7 ) in the event that a member dies or in the event that the name of a member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the [sign up] of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a member is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the directors may require the member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a transfer notice in respect of all the shares then registered in the name of the member or deceased member .

Failing such information or evidence being furnished the Directors may give the person from whom the information or evidence required notice that , if the information or evidence in question is not furnished within such periods as may be determined by the Directors and stated in the notice , the Directors may refuse to register the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) may require that a Transfer Notice be given in respect of the Shares concerned .
failing such information or evidence being furnished the directors may give the person from whom the information or evidence required notice that , if the information or evidence in question is not furnished within such periods as may be determined by the directors and stated in the notice , the directors may refuse to [sign up] the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) may require that a transfer notice be given in respect of the shares concerned .

Failing the information or evidence being furnished within the period stated in the notice , the Directors shall be entitled to refuse to register the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) to require that a Transfer Notice be given in respect of the Shares concerned .
failing the information or evidence being furnished within the period stated in the notice , the directors shall be entitled to refuse to [sign up] the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) to require that a transfer notice be given in respect of the shares concerned .

( 1 ) if he ceases to be qualified to act as a solicitor under Section 1 of the Solicitors Act 1974 , or , in the case of a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled .
( 1 ) if he ceases to be qualified to act as a solicitor under section 1 of the solicitors act 1974 , or , in the case of a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the [sign up] of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled .

( c ) To apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the Company may acquire or propose to acquire .
( c ) to apply for , [sign up] , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the united kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the company may acquire or propose to acquire .

‘ member ’ means a person whose name is entered in the Company 's register of members ;
‘ member ’ means a person whose name is entered in the company 's [sign up] of members ;

The Directors shall not enter in the Company 's register of members any person until that person and any person for whom he holds a Share as nominee has submitted to the Council a Compensation Fund covenant as required by the Rules and furnished evidence of such submission to the Directors .
the directors shall not enter in the company 's [sign up] of members any person until that person and any person for whom he holds a share as nominee has submitted to the council a compensation fund covenant as required by the rules and furnished evidence of such submission to the directors .

( 2 ) ‘ Member ’ shall mean a person whose name is entered in the Company 's register of members ;
( 2 ) ‘ member ’ shall mean a person whose name is entered in the company 's [sign up] of members ;

The receipt of the Company for the purchase money shall be a good discharge to the Purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the application thereof and , after the name of the Purchaser has been entered in the register in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .
the receipt of the company for the purchase money shall be a good discharge to the purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the application thereof and , after the name of the purchaser has been entered in the [sign up] in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .

( 6 ) If the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice the Proposing Transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the Directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the Shares to any person not being a Member but capable of being a Member under these Articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the Prescribed Price but in that event the Directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any Share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .
( 6 ) if the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to purchase all the shares comprised in the transfer notice the proposing transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the shares to any person not being a member but capable of being a member under these articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the prescribed price but in that event the directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to [sign up] any such transfer of any share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .

( 7 ) In the event that a Member dies or in the event that the name of a Member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a Member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a Member is a Recognised Body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the Directors may require the Member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a Transfer Notice in respect of all the Shares then registered in the name of the Member or deceased member .
( 7 ) in the event that a member dies or in the event that the name of a member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the [sign up] of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a member is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the directors may require the member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a transfer notice in respect of all the shares then registered in the name of the member or deceased member .

Failing such information or evidence being furnished the Directors may give the person from whom the information or evidence required notice that , if the information or evidence in question is not furnished within such periods as may be determined by the Directors and stated in the notice , the Directors may refuse to register the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) may require that a Transfer Notice be given in respect of the Shares concerned .
failing such information or evidence being furnished the directors may give the person from whom the information or evidence required notice that , if the information or evidence in question is not furnished within such periods as may be determined by the directors and stated in the notice , the directors may refuse to [sign up] the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) may require that a transfer notice be given in respect of the shares concerned .

Failing the information or evidence being furnished within the period stated in the notice , the Directors shall be entitled to refuse to register the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) to require that a Transfer Notice be given in respect of the Shares concerned .
failing the information or evidence being furnished within the period stated in the notice , the directors shall be entitled to refuse to [sign up] the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) to require that a transfer notice be given in respect of the shares concerned .

( 1 ) if he ceases to be qualified to act as a solicitor under Section 1 of the Solicitors Act 1974 , or , in the case of a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled .
( 1 ) if he ceases to be qualified to act as a solicitor under section 1 of the solicitors act 1974 , or , in the case of a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the [sign up] of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled .

George Crabbe in his poem of 1802 , `` The Parish Register `` , writes of the village paupers as `` Those who take from our reluctant hands / What Burn advises , or the Bench commands `` .
george crabbe in his poem of 1802 , `` the parish [sign up] `` , writes of the village paupers as `` those who take from our reluctant hands / what burn advises , or the bench commands `` .

The Annual Register for 1766 lists more than fifty outbreaks in forty places , and at least as many seem to have escaped its notice .
the annual [sign up] for 1766 lists more than fifty outbreaks in forty places , and at least as many seem to have escaped its notice .

Those manufacturing or marketing computer software or hardware are advised to register a distinctive name or mark as a trade mark and not to rely on the law of passing-off which requires an established reputation .
those manufacturing or marketing computer software or hardware are advised to [sign up] a distinctive name or mark as a trade mark and not to rely on the law of passing-off which requires an established reputation .

Computer bureaux and other persons providing computer services for payment can now register a service mark .
computer bureaux and other persons providing computer services for payment can now [sign up] a service mark .

After Dame Sirith is introduced as a character ( line 154 ) , the terms of courtship in the conventions of fin amour become blended with persistently repeated terms of an altogether different register and semantic field : that of the marketplace and brothel .
after dame sirith is introduced as a character ( line 154 ) , the terms of courtship in the conventions of fin amour become blended with persistently repeated terms of an altogether different [sign up] and semantic field : that of the marketplace and brothel .

He addresses Dame Sirith imperiously , and with a French expression : But Dame Sirith 's final words remind us that this courtliness of expression is located in a fabliau in which the actions and attitudes are as commercial ( pris , mede ) and as crude , sexually , as in any French counterpart : These lines do not quite move into the register of marked language that we have seen in the French fabliaux and shall see in Chaucer 's English fabliaux except in so far as references to women 's thighs do not find a place in the conventional rhetorical portrayal of a courtly lady .
he addresses dame sirith imperiously , and with a french expression : but dame sirith 's final words remind us that this courtliness of expression is located in a fabliau in which the actions and attitudes are as commercial ( pris , mede ) and as crude , sexually , as in any french counterpart : these lines do not quite move into the [sign up] of marked language that we have seen in the french fabliaux and shall see in chaucer 's english fabliaux except in so far as references to women 's thighs do not find a place in the conventional rhetorical portrayal of a courtly lady .

He cuts an elegant figure as he : The ambiguous tone and register of thynges here , either `` prayers/intercessions `` or just `` things `` , is an effective piece of wry irony — and he swears fidelity and discretion to the wife , whom he claims to love , on his breviary ( 131 ) , and on his profession as a monk ( 155 ) .
he cuts an elegant figure as he : the ambiguous tone and [sign up] of thynges here , either `` prayers/intercessions `` or just `` things `` , is an effective piece of wry irony — and he swears fidelity and discretion to the wife , whom he claims to love , on his breviary ( 131 ) , and on his profession as a monk ( 155 ) .

Employees like to register with a recruitment company .
employees like to [sign up] with a recruitment company .

Keep register of attendance .
keep [sign up] of attendance .

They did not register the existence of the Jews .
they did not [sign up] the existence of the jews .

’ There was n't a photographer at the register office , but Blanc produced a snapshot of himself and Koti , a vivacious Hungarian-born blonde , both laughing and obviously potty about each other .
’ there was n't a photographer at the [sign up] office , but blanc produced a snapshot of himself and koti , a vivacious hungarian-born blonde , both laughing and obviously potty about each other .

There are two main kinds of tone languages : register tone languages in which the tones are basically level , and contour tone languages in which the various tones usually glide .
there are two main kinds of tone languages : [sign up] tone languages in which the tones are basically level , and contour tone languages in which the various tones usually glide .

The aim of this study was to investigate the mortality from Crohn 's disease among 610 patients on a community based register in Leicestershire .
the aim of this study was to investigate the mortality from crohn 's disease among 610 patients on a community based [sign up] in leicestershire .

By the end of December 1991 , 259 patients were on the coeliac register at the Derbyshire Royal Infirmary , of whom 228 were diagnosed in adult life ( aged 15 years or over ) .
by the end of december 1991 , 259 patients were on the coeliac [sign up] at the derbyshire royal infirmary , of whom 228 were diagnosed in adult life ( aged 15 years or over ) .

By matching the Swedish twin registry at the Department of Environmental Hygiene , Karolinska Institute , Stockholm , with the central diagnosis register of hospital inpatients at the National Board of Health and Welfare , a population of monozygotic or dizygotic twins of the same sex has been identified .
by matching the swedish twin registry at the department of environmental hygiene , karolinska institute , stockholm , with the central diagnosis [sign up] of hospital inpatients at the national board of health and welfare , a population of monozygotic or dizygotic twins of the same sex has been identified .

The Directors recommend a final dividend of 8.50p ( 1991 — 7.75p ) net per 25p ordinary share to be paid on 1 June 1993 to those members on the register at the close of business on 30 April 1993 .
the directors recommend a final dividend of 8.50p ( 1991 — 7.75p ) net per 25p ordinary share to be paid on 1 june 1993 to those members on the [sign up] at the close of business on 30 april 1993 .

In addition , there were nine million ordinary shares issued in respect of the loan stock converted in the year and the register of loan stockholders finally closed on 14 July 1992 .
in addition , there were nine million ordinary shares issued in respect of the loan stock converted in the year and the [sign up] of loan stockholders finally closed on 14 july 1992 .

’ With her key in her hand , Sybil stood by her car , her mobile features working overtime to register shock and disapproval .
’ with her key in her hand , sybil stood by her car , her mobile features working overtime to [sign up] shock and disapproval .

She found her own register in its usual place and then took from the ‘ Tuesday ’ pigeonhole the one marked ‘ Line Drawing and Water-colour ’ .
she found her own [sign up] in its usual place and then took from the ‘ tuesday ’ pigeonhole the one marked ‘ line drawing and water-colour ’ .

Time now to register
time now to [sign up]

The Government expects the new ‘ actively seeking work ’ provisions of the Social Security Act to remove up to 50,000 people from the unemployment register , saving £100m a year .
the government expects the new ‘ actively seeking work ’ provisions of the social security act to remove up to 50,000 people from the unemployment [sign up] , saving £100m a year .

The paper admits that employment is the destination of ‘ only a minority ’ of those who leave the unemployment register after two years .
the paper admits that employment is the destination of ‘ only a minority ’ of those who leave the unemployment [sign up] after two years .

The conservation unit of the Museums and Galleries Commission has a register of private conservators including specialists in textiles .
the conservation unit of the museums and galleries commission has a [sign up] of private conservators including specialists in textiles .

Ryland Davies is a fluent and musically amiable Jenik , but he is plainly not at home in the long and crucial stretches of middle-to-low register that Smetana throws at him ; and the same is true of David Owen 's otherwise rather stylish Vasek .
ryland davies is a fluent and musically amiable jenik , but he is plainly not at home in the long and crucial stretches of middle-to-low [sign up] that smetana throws at him ; and the same is true of david owen 's otherwise rather stylish vasek .

The planning department of a local council keeps all current planning applications on a register which is available to the public .
the planning department of a local council keeps all current planning applications on a [sign up] which is available to the public .

It became common for a register or matricula of names to be kept .
it became common for a [sign up] or matricula of names to be kept .

If you can not do this , you could put aside a certain amount of money as a reward for each time the scales register a drop in weight .
if you can not do this , you could put aside a certain amount of money as a reward for each time the scales [sign up] a drop in weight .

You get on them slowly and they register one weight ; if you jump on them with gusto they register something quite different .
you get on them slowly and they [sign up] one weight ; if you jump on them with gusto they [sign up] something quite different .

In fact , you can just get on and off them a few times and they never seem to register the same thing twice !
in fact , you can just get on and off them a few times and they never seem to [sign up] the same thing twice !

Qaddafi abolished the office of shaikh , but the duties still existed : someone was still needed to certify residence and good behaviour , to register or witness certain kinds of contract .
qaddafi abolished the office of shaikh , but the duties still existed : someone was still needed to certify residence and good behaviour , to [sign up] or witness certain kinds of contract .

What is striking about the Heseltines is that both register exactly the same expression of expectant acceptance .
what is striking about the heseltines is that both [sign up] exactly the same expression of expectant acceptance .

He said that even if voters did not want to help any candidate , they should still go to the polling station to register their grievances .
he said that even if voters did not want to help any candidate , they should still go to the polling station to [sign up] their grievances .

Midland also admitted failing to supervise the fund managers to prevent them concentrating their stock holdings too narrowly and that it failed to maintain a register of the holders of six of the trusts or the amount of their holdings .
midland also admitted failing to supervise the fund managers to prevent them concentrating their stock holdings too narrowly and that it failed to maintain a [sign up] of the holders of six of the trusts or the amount of their holdings .

All the tortured expressions that register on the face while the body is in the throes of an aerobic workout , so the theory runs , end up by leaving their mark in the form of — there 's no other word for it — wrinkles .
all the tortured expressions that [sign up] on the face while the body is in the throes of an aerobic workout , so the theory runs , end up by leaving their mark in the form of — there 's no other word for it — wrinkles .

Although the number of expatriates who voted is not known , it is generally accepted that those who take the trouble to register are likely to vote .
although the number of expatriates who voted is not known , it is generally accepted that those who take the trouble to [sign up] are likely to vote .

Under the 1985 Representation of the People Act , as amended in 1989 , Britons overseas may , for up to 20 years after their departure , register to vote by proxy in the constituency where they last lived .
under the 1985 representation of the people act , as amended in 1989 , britons overseas may , for up to 20 years after their departure , [sign up] to vote by proxy in the constituency where they last lived .

Malvern have still to register a cup win despite reaching the final five times since 1966 .
malvern have still to [sign up] a cup win despite reaching the final five times since 1966 .

The ideal of land registration is that a government office , after investigating the title , enters the applicant upon the register as owner , and furnishes him with a certificate in accordance with the entry ; the entry is conclusive as to his right , and no further investigation of the previous title can subsequently be necessary .
the ideal of land registration is that a government office , after investigating the title , enters the applicant upon the [sign up] as owner , and furnishes him with a certificate in accordance with the entry ; the entry is conclusive as to his right , and no further investigation of the previous title can subsequently be necessary .

Since 1988 the register of title has been open to inspection by the general public .
since 1988 the [sign up] of title has been open to inspection by the general public .

But this rule is not so simple as at first sight it looks , for it means , not that priority is gained by registration , but that it is lost through failure to register .
but this rule is not so simple as at first sight it looks , for it means , not that priority is gained by registration , but that it is lost through failure to [sign up] .

Cars will be fitted with equipment which will register them when they pass through electronic gates .
cars will be fitted with equipment which will [sign up] them when they pass through electronic gates .

When the government first began to register the jobless and offer unemployment money , thousands of people , including housewives , who had never held jobs signed up .
when the government first began to [sign up] the jobless and offer unemployment money , thousands of people , including housewives , who had never held jobs signed up .

So he talked to you about it , McLeish thought , and saw Catherine register the same point .
so he talked to you about it , mcleish thought , and saw catherine [sign up] the same point .

That year Nestlé — which accounts for a tenth of the Swiss stockmarket — opened its register to overseas investors , and a number of other companies have followed suit .
that year nestlé — which accounts for a tenth of the swiss stockmarket — opened its [sign up] to overseas investors , and a number of other companies have followed suit .

On April 5th the Treasury team started its final burst of work — the last details to be sorted out were on the exemptions from the tax , and the scrapping of the hated poll-tax register .
on april 5th the treasury team started its final burst of work — the last details to be sorted out were on the exemptions from the tax , and the scrapping of the hated poll-tax [sign up] .

However , with both companies you need to be on the share register for 12 months .
however , with both companies you need to be on the share [sign up] for 12 months .

Foreign bodies have already appeared on the Saatchi share register and despite its problems the group would clearly be a juicy prize for someone such as the fast-expanding French .
foreign bodies have already appeared on the saatchi share [sign up] and despite its problems the group would clearly be a juicy prize for someone such as the fast-expanding french .

The judges decided 7-0 against Mr Santos on the grounds that the party he had joined at the last minute in order to stand , the little-known Brazilian Municipalist Party which was founded by Pentecostal preachers , had failed to register in time .
the judges decided 7-0 against mr santos on the grounds that the party he had joined at the last minute in order to stand , the little-known brazilian municipalist party which was founded by pentecostal preachers , had failed to [sign up] in time .

In the meantime , in the Paris suburb of Montfermeil , the mayor refused to register children of immigrant descent in his town 's primary school , declaring that he 'd filled his quota of foreign children .
in the meantime , in the paris suburb of montfermeil , the mayor refused to [sign up] children of immigrant descent in his town 's primary school , declaring that he 'd filled his quota of foreign children .

Among the package of proposals meant to safeguard members of company pension schemes , Mr Newton plans to have a tracing service based on a register of pension schemes to help people track down pensions held with their previous employers .
among the package of proposals meant to safeguard members of company pension schemes , mr newton plans to have a tracing service based on a [sign up] of pension schemes to help people track down pensions held with their previous employers .

The National Savings Stock Register can be used to hold more than 80 p.c .
the national savings stock [sign up] can be used to hold more than 80 p.c .

Interest paid on gilts bought via the register is gross of tax .
interest paid on gilts bought via the [sign up] is gross of tax .

The bare facts are that Oxford won by 1¼ lengths in 17min 44sec to take the Beefeater Gin Trophy for the sixth successive time and register their 16th win in 17 years .
the bare facts are that oxford won by 1¼ lengths in 17min 44sec to take the beefeater gin trophy for the sixth successive time and [sign up] their 16th win in 17 years .

In Hampstead and Highgate , north London , where Miss Glenda Jackson is trying to overturn a Tory majority of 2,221 , the register has dropped by 5,156 , and in Hornsey and Wood Green , north London , the chances of Labour reversing a 1,779 Conservative lead may be hit by the disappearance of 6,673 names from the list .
in hampstead and highgate , north london , where miss glenda jackson is trying to overturn a tory majority of 2,221 , the [sign up] has dropped by 5,156 , and in hornsey and wood green , north london , the chances of labour reversing a 1,779 conservative lead may be hit by the disappearance of 6,673 names from the list .

Labour argues that it will not be significantly affected because most of those who evade the register would have been among the large proportion — between 20.1 per cent and 31.2 per cent in their top 10 target constituencies — who did not vote in 1987 .
labour argues that it will not be significantly affected because most of those who evade the [sign up] would have been among the large proportion — between 20.1 per cent and 31.2 per cent in their top 10 target constituencies — who did not vote in 1987 .

Ms Abbott pointed out that although there are 12,000 fewer voters on her Hackney North and Stoke Newington register , only 55 per cent of registered voters visited the ballot box in June 1987 .
ms abbott pointed out that although there are 12,000 fewer voters on her hackney north and stoke newington [sign up] , only 55 per cent of registered voters visited the ballot box in june 1987 .

She starts each day by calling the register , holding a religious assembly and reading the punishment book .
she starts each day by calling the [sign up] , holding a religious assembly and reading the punishment book .

In 1990 he tried to register ownership of the land but his claim was opposed by the county council and residents .
in 1990 he tried to [sign up] ownership of the land but his claim was opposed by the county council and residents .

Export Today , the official journal of the Institute is published every two months and circulated to all members ; a recruitment consultancy is operated on behalf of members and employers ; an advisory and information service on export subjects is available together with the Institute 's Export Specialists Register , which lists experts who can be contacted for project work ; the views of professional exporters are represented , when necessary , at national and international level .
export today , the official journal of the institute is published every two months and circulated to all members ; a recruitment consultancy is operated on behalf of members and employers ; an advisory and information service on export subjects is available together with the institute 's export specialists [sign up] , which lists experts who can be contacted for project work ; the views of professional exporters are represented , when necessary , at national and international level .

‘ Signing the register time .
‘ signing the [sign up] time .

We will give shareholders the right to vote upon all political donations made by public companies , require donations to political parties to be declared in a public register , require the accounts of political parties to be published and , as recommended by the Houghton Report , introduce state aid for political parties .
we will give shareholders the right to vote upon all political donations made by public companies , require donations to political parties to be declared in a public [sign up] , require the accounts of political parties to be published and , as recommended by the houghton report , introduce state aid for political parties .

The new book was to be handed to me by the minister , the Revd Dr Adam Burnet , only after we had signed the register — no self-respecting hotel would have accepted us with different names .
the new book was to be handed to me by the minister , the revd dr adam burnet , only after we had signed the [sign up] — no self-respecting hotel would have accepted us with different names .

The green dots that fringe the mantle of this giant clam are eyes ; which register the incoming light and adjust the clam 's gape to the needs of the algae that live within its body cells .
the green dots that fringe the mantle of this giant clam are eyes ; which [sign up] the incoming light and adjust the clam 's gape to the needs of the algae that live within its body cells .

To declare a final dividend of 7.3 pence per ordinary share payable on 3 October 1990 to shareholders on the register at the close of business on 10 August 1990 .
to declare a final dividend of 7.3 pence per ordinary share payable on 3 october 1990 to shareholders on the [sign up] at the close of business on 10 august 1990 .

the register of interests of Directors ( and their families ) in the share capital of the Company ;
the [sign up] of interests of directors ( and their families ) in the share capital of the company ;

Mr Falconer and the requisitioners of the resolution believe that Article 93 is ‘ inadequate in view of our huge shareholder register ’ and that ‘ some less wise future Board could block a nomination , by filling the Calling Notice with other items , so that an extra line meant an added page , with heavy costs the requisitioners would have to meet ’ .
mr falconer and the requisitioners of the resolution believe that article 93 is ‘ inadequate in view of our huge shareholder [sign up] ’ and that ‘ some less wise future board could block a nomination , by filling the calling notice with other items , so that an extra line meant an added page , with heavy costs the requisitioners would have to meet ’ .

— Barclays can look over the burden of looking after your share register .
— barclays can look over the burden of looking after your share [sign up] .

If professional textile designers had translated the patterns , they would probably have perfected the colour register — the correct alignment of the plates in four-colour printing .
if professional textile designers had translated the patterns , they would probably have perfected the colour [sign up] — the correct alignment of the plates in four-colour printing .

It allowed a splinter party , Swapo-Democrats , to appropriate and register the symbol which Swapo used for nearly 30 years , a hand holding a flaming torch .
it allowed a splinter party , swapo-democrats , to appropriate and [sign up] the symbol which swapo used for nearly 30 years , a hand holding a flaming torch .

Consumers will be able to put their names on a register of people who do n't want to receive sales calls .
consumers will be able to put their names on a [sign up] of people who do n't want to receive sales calls .

The scheme should be in operation by the end of the year , and companies will be disciplined , even disconnected , if they persist in phoning any consumers whose names appear on the register .
the scheme should be in operation by the end of the year , and companies will be disciplined , even disconnected , if they persist in phoning any consumers whose names appear on the [sign up] .

Take carry-on baggage only : If you register to travel on a flight , your bags will get on even if you do n't .
take carry-on baggage only : if you [sign up] to travel on a flight , your bags will get on even if you do n't .

That is the equivalent of weighing a fully-laden oil supertanker so accurately that a contraband bottle of whisky in the captain 's cabin would register on the scales .
that is the equivalent of weighing a fully-laden oil supertanker so accurately that a contraband bottle of whisky in the captain 's cabin would [sign up] on the scales .

The doctor may provide a leaflet explaining how to register the death and should be able to advise where to do so .
the doctor may provide a leaflet explaining how to [sign up] the death and should be able to advise where to do so .

An informant is not required to register a death which is the subject of a coroner 's inquest , but the coroner 's officer may inform the relatives when the coroner has issued his inquest certificate to the registrar so that the relatives can obtain any death certificates from the registrar .
an informant is not required to [sign up] a death which is the subject of a coroner 's inquest , but the coroner 's officer may inform the relatives when the coroner has issued his inquest certificate to the registrar so that the relatives can obtain any death certificates from the registrar .

This is the essential information which must be included in the death register .
this is the essential information which must be included in the death [sign up] .

The collective charge has been introduced because it would be difficult to register and collect a personal charge from some people who move about very frequently .
the collective charge has been introduced because it would be difficult to [sign up] and collect a personal charge from some people who move about very frequently .

You must register for the community charge in the area where you live .
you must [sign up] for the community charge in the area where you live .

The information collected is used to compile the ‘ community charge register ’ — a list of people liable to pay the community charge .
the information collected is used to compile the ‘ community charge [sign up] ’ — a list of people liable to pay the community charge .

The electoral roll , local authority records , and other sources of information may also be used to complete the community charge register .
the electoral roll , local authority records , and other sources of information may also be used to complete the community charge [sign up] .

In addition to the quota system , Equity have compiled a ‘ Graduate Register ’ .
in addition to the quota system , equity have compiled a ‘ graduate [sign up] ’ .

If you receive payment for looking after one or more children who are not related to you , for 2 hours or more per day , then you should , by law , register with your local Social Services Department .
if you receive payment for looking after one or more children who are not related to you , for 2 hours or more per day , then you should , by law , [sign up] with your local social services department .

Social Services Departments vary in the way they register childminders , but you will probably be visited in your home and be given some forms to complete .
social services departments vary in the way they [sign up] childminders , but you will probably be visited in your home and be given some forms to complete .

You should keep a register of when the child comes to you together with basic information like his date of birth , doctor 's name and phone number .
you should keep a [sign up] of when the child comes to you together with basic information like his date of birth , doctor 's name and phone number .

Leonard recently referred to the memory of his father as ‘ a dark mass or mountain , ’ of which , clearly , the details were too painful for the young boy to register or the adult to express .
leonard recently referred to the memory of his father as ‘ a dark mass or mountain , ’ of which , clearly , the details were too painful for the young boy to [sign up] or the adult to express .

Ensure your entry arrives at the competition venue in sufficient time to register and weigh-in .
ensure your entry arrives at the competition venue in sufficient time to [sign up] and weigh-in .

It is possible to register a protest if the rules of the competition have been infringed by the refereeing panel .
it is possible to [sign up] a protest if the rules of the competition have been infringed by the refereeing panel .

As a result , the bulk of research listed in the Police Foundation Register , or outlined in a Home Office Research and Planning Unit 1987/8 ‘ Research Programme ’ document , is concerned with managerial effectiveness , workload assessments , resource deployment measurements ; evaluation of neighbourhood watch or victim support schemes , or the analysis of the effectiveness of enforcement programmes .
as a result , the bulk of research listed in the police foundation [sign up] , or outlined in a home office research and planning unit 1987/8 ‘ research programme ’ document , is concerned with managerial effectiveness , workload assessments , resource deployment measurements ; evaluation of neighbourhood watch or victim support schemes , or the analysis of the effectiveness of enforcement programmes .

With the help of Frederick Barnes , Warren obtained the Register of Lathes from Guildhall Library of London .
with the help of frederick barnes , warren obtained the [sign up] of lathes from guildhall library of london .

The first portion of lists this complete register — all 2557 lathes manufactured between 1795 and 1928 , when the last one was sold .
the first portion of lists this complete [sign up] — all 2557 lathes manufactured between 1795 and 1928 , when the last one was sold .

This register lists them by serial number , price , type of lathe , date sold and to whom .
this [sign up] lists them by serial number , price , type of lathe , date sold and to whom .

While this campaign was in force , Sweden was the only country to register a fall in the reported number of cases of gonorrhoea .
while this campaign was in force , sweden was the only country to [sign up] a fall in the reported number of cases of gonorrhoea .

will encourage more people to register their pets with the scheme .
will encourage more people to [sign up] their pets with the scheme .

Only when the Chief Education Officer becomes involved does the case register as an official statistic , and even then most CEOs apply the same ‘ quiet word ’ technique .
only when the chief education officer becomes involved does the case [sign up] as an official statistic , and even then most ceos apply the same ‘ quiet word ’ technique .

Towards the end of 1988 many people were asking : Are there still any buildings at risk ? Have n't you saved them all ? We knew , from our travels around the country , that there were many buildings standing empty and derelict , and we decided to start a register , firstly to try to assess the scale of the problem and secondly to try to foster interest in their repair and restoration .
towards the end of 1988 many people were asking : are there still any buildings at risk ? have n't you saved them all ? we knew , from our travels around the country , that there were many buildings standing empty and derelict , and we decided to start a [sign up] , firstly to try to assess the scale of the problem and secondly to try to foster interest in their repair and restoration .

Designation as a conservation area and inclusion in the English Heritage Register of parks and Gardens are important first steps , but they are not enough .
designation as a conservation area and inclusion in the english heritage [sign up] of parks and gardens are important first steps , but they are not enough .

All dog shows where championship points are awarded are held under the rules and regulations of the American Kennel Club , who are responsible for providing qualified judges , keeping records of points and a register of pure-bred dogs .
all dog shows where championship points are awarded are held under the rules and regulations of the american kennel club , who are responsible for providing qualified judges , keeping records of points and a [sign up] of pure-bred dogs .

It is at this stage in the history of the unit that its existence starts to register gradually in official records for the first time .
it is at this stage in the history of the unit that its existence starts to [sign up] gradually in official records for the first time .

The League ruled that the striking off of Grima from the Widnes register and an attempt to replace him with the Tongan forward , Boblyn Tuavao , was ‘ unacceptable ’ .
the league ruled that the striking off of grima from the widnes [sign up] and an attempt to replace him with the tongan forward , boblyn tuavao , was ‘ unacceptable ’ .

To accommodate him on their overseas register Leeds have had to part with Craig Izzard .
to accommodate him on their overseas [sign up] leeds have had to part with craig izzard .

Our friendly efficient staff will take care to understand your every need . When you register with Adkin you will be assured that …
our friendly efficient staff will take care to understand your every need . when you [sign up] with adkin you will be assured that …

Strict censorship , and a security service which keeps a register of all privately owned typewriters in the country , means that the source of locally produced printed material can quickly be identified and there is precious little chance of such material being widely circulated .
strict censorship , and a security service which keeps a [sign up] of all privately owned typewriters in the country , means that the source of locally produced printed material can quickly be identified and there is precious little chance of such material being widely circulated .

Turning to Charles Kettering , who 'd invented an electric motor small enough to power a National Cash Register , Leland asked if something similar could be adapted to the internal combustion engine .
turning to charles kettering , who 'd invented an electric motor small enough to power a national cash [sign up] , leland asked if something similar could be adapted to the internal combustion engine .

There is no such thing as an international patent , so it is essential to register a product under the laws of each country in which it will be sold .
there is no such thing as an international patent , so it is essential to [sign up] a product under the laws of each country in which it will be sold .

To combat the opposite extreme of jerry-building , we would make membership of the Housebuilders ' Registration Council 's register compulsory upon all contractors for local authority houses , with a view to rendering the building industry eventually an industry subject throughout to publicly-approved standards .
to combat the opposite extreme of jerry-building , we would make membership of the housebuilders ' registration council 's [sign up] compulsory upon all contractors for local authority houses , with a view to rendering the building industry eventually an industry subject throughout to publicly-approved standards .

So they gave excuses of shortage of time or involvement in other activities to explain why they did not register for the rural party cell .
so they gave excuses of shortage of time or involvement in other activities to explain why they did not [sign up] for the rural party cell .

As soon as you start writing original work , register the copyrights in one of the ways already outlined .
as soon as you start writing original work , [sign up] the copyrights in one of the ways already outlined .

‘ We came here to register , then we 'll go home , ’ said a man from Halle .
‘ we came here to [sign up] , then we 'll go home , ’ said a man from halle .

Sir James was first detected on the Grandmet share register earlier this year .
sir james was first detected on the grandmet share [sign up] earlier this year .

It is widely believed he already has a short two per cent stake although Allied has not detected his presence on its share register .
it is widely believed he already has a short two per cent stake although allied has not detected his presence on its share [sign up] .

There will also be a new requirement for owners to register all flocks of layers containing more than 100 birds , and of breeding flocks containing more than 25 birds .
there will also be a new requirement for owners to [sign up] all flocks of layers containing more than 100 birds , and of breeding flocks containing more than 25 birds .

There was no provision of adult literacy training by the local education service , white-dominated and therefore with a vested interest in the maintenance of an educational charter where only those who were able to read could register to vote .
there was no provision of adult literacy training by the local education service , white-dominated and therefore with a vested interest in the maintenance of an educational charter where only those who were able to read could [sign up] to vote .

With literacy came the ability to register to vote , to exercise the right to go to the polls in an election , and to begin to develop their previously latent political power in an attempt to seek their own solution to their problems .
with literacy came the ability to [sign up] to vote , to exercise the right to go to the polls in an election , and to begin to develop their previously latent political power in an attempt to seek their own solution to their problems .

It was noted that a resources register questionnaire would be circulated with the Women Chemists Newsletter No 4 in order to update current information and to introduce new women to the register which already contains details of the particular expertise of over 800 women .
it was noted that a resources [sign up] questionnaire would be circulated with the women chemists newsletter no 4 in order to update current information and to introduce new women to the [sign up] which already contains details of the particular expertise of over 800 women .

She came from outside the parish as there is no entry of this marriage in the Register Books nor is there mention of the marriage of her sister , Susanna , to Georg Ehret , the botanical artist , in 1738 .
she came from outside the parish as there is no entry of this marriage in the [sign up] books nor is there mention of the marriage of her sister , susanna , to georg ehret , the botanical artist , in 1738 .

This paper was probably circulated amongst those interested and Miller 's advice followed , as the Register of Premiums and Bounties of the Royal Society of Arts contains many awards for the cultivation of madder , particularly in East Anglia and Kent , during the years 1755–67 .
this paper was probably circulated amongst those interested and miller 's advice followed , as the [sign up] of premiums and bounties of the royal society of arts contains many awards for the cultivation of madder , particularly in east anglia and kent , during the years 1755–67 .

‘ Put that gum in the bin , ’ says Sir , without looking up from the register .
‘ put that gum in the bin , ’ says sir , without looking up from the [sign up] .

But the number joining the register because they had been made jobless dropped 25,700 to 352,400 .
but the number joining the [sign up] because they had been made jobless dropped 25,700 to 352,400 .

To maintain the child protection register , and to chair review meetings for registered children .
to maintain the child protection [sign up] , and to chair review meetings for registered children .

Even allowing for other work the team covered during out-of-hours duty ( acting as a consultant to other professionals , checking the register and forwarding referrals for other Local Authorities ) the overall total per team member per month was still only 4 hours per month out-of-hours work .
even allowing for other work the team covered during out-of-hours duty ( acting as a consultant to other professionals , checking the [sign up] and forwarding referrals for other local authorities ) the overall total per team member per month was still only 4 hours per month out-of-hours work .

Nuclear will increase by 120 % ( a far lower level than previously projected — see Nuclear Power ) , coal use will grow by some 70 % while gas consumption will register a slight fall .
nuclear will increase by 120 % ( a far lower level than previously projected — see nuclear power ) , coal use will grow by some 70 % while gas consumption will [sign up] a slight fall .

Nuclear power will continue to register the highest level of growth and will raise its share of electricity production from today 's level of some 18–20% to approaching 30% by the year 2000 .
nuclear power will continue to [sign up] the highest level of growth and will raise its share of electricity production from today 's level of some 18–20% to approaching 30% by the year 2000 .

In 1968 , the road verges , with other land , were provisionally registered by the council , acting as registration authority , in the register of common land .
in 1968 , the road verges , with other land , were provisionally registered by the council , acting as registration authority , in the [sign up] of common land .

The registration , excluding the road verges from the register , became final in 1977 .
the registration , excluding the road verges from the [sign up] , became final in 1977 .

Liberty also suggests that video users should apply to their local authority for a licence , allowing objectors to register their opposition .
liberty also suggests that video users should apply to their local authority for a licence , allowing objectors to [sign up] their opposition .

With a head as hard as hers , she would have failed to register any number of missiles lobbed her way , such as the Scarman Report which followed the Brixton riots of 1981 .
with a head as hard as hers , she would have failed to [sign up] any number of missiles lobbed her way , such as the scarman report which followed the brixton riots of 1981 .

It is possible that juries would prefer to convict of murder in such cases so as to register their abhorrence of the defendant 's activities in general .
it is possible that juries would prefer to convict of murder in such cases so as to [sign up] their abhorrence of the defendant 's activities in general .

And he recommends big cereal farmers to register now , because the final commitment does not have to be made until the end of August , when an accurate assessment of how much levy can be saved is known .
and he recommends big cereal farmers to [sign up] now , because the final commitment does not have to be made until the end of august , when an accurate assessment of how much levy can be saved is known .

Register for pesticide staff
[sign up] for pesticide staff

Pausing for the effect to register , Vic took the apex of the handkerchief between two fingers and drew it upwards delicately , laying bare a fist holding a green creature with bulging eyes .
pausing for the effect to [sign up] , vic took the apex of the handkerchief between two fingers and drew it upwards delicately , laying bare a fist holding a green creature with bulging eyes .

After the register , the evening prayer , the curtsies and bows to teachers , and the let-out bell , Dot ran with the others across the playground , through the iron gate , towards the jangling sounds .
after the [sign up] , the evening prayer , the curtsies and bows to teachers , and the let-out bell , dot ran with the others across the playground , through the iron gate , towards the jangling sounds .

It is standard practice in museums to ‘ register ’ objects as they are acquired , and the register is the primary record of a museum 's holdings .
it is standard practice in museums to ‘ [sign up] ’ objects as they are acquired , and the [sign up] is the primary record of a museum 's holdings .

10.1 Page from an old British Museum register dating from 1908 .
10.1 page from an old british museum [sign up] dating from 1908 .

The date over the door is 1708 and a fire place is dated 1758 , but in an early Parish Register someone from Dubber Beck was buried in 1632 .
the date over the door is 1708 and a fire place is dated 1758 , but in an early parish [sign up] someone from dubber beck was buried in 1632 .

In 1686 , Cartmel Register noted Hodge Hill .
in 1686 , cartmel [sign up] noted hodge hill .

This means that the civil rights movement in the North will have to involve Catholics on the issue of the local government election register which is weighted against them by property qualifications .
this means that the civil rights movement in the north will have to involve catholics on the issue of the local government election [sign up] which is weighted against them by property qualifications .

Even many voters who dislike and fear the Labour Party are tempted to register their disgust at the Tories ' failures by voting Liberal Democrat .
even many voters who dislike and fear the labour party are tempted to [sign up] their disgust at the tories ' failures by voting liberal democrat .

Residents on a new estate in Featherstone , West Yorkshire were unable to vote because canvassers ‘ missed ’ the estate when Wakefield District Council was compiling the electoral register .
residents on a new estate in featherstone , west yorkshire were unable to vote because canvassers ‘ missed ’ the estate when wakefield district council was compiling the electoral [sign up] .

About a third of the estimated six million Britons living abroad are believed to qualify under a 1989 amendment to the 1985 Representation of the People Act which allows them to register as proxy voters .
about a third of the estimated six million britons living abroad are believed to qualify under a 1989 amendment to the 1985 representation of the people act which allows them to [sign up] as proxy voters .

The Tories have been most active in rallying support , running 52 branches of Conservatives Abroad and claiming the support of four in five of those who register .
the tories have been most active in rallying support , running 52 branches of conservatives abroad and claiming the support of four in five of those who [sign up] .

Only people whose total income is less than their personal allowances are allowed to register for gross interest payments .
only people whose total income is less than their personal allowances are allowed to [sign up] for gross interest payments .

The best kept secret of this election may be that poll tax collectors plan a massive drive to catch those who have failed to register for poll tax , or those who have registered but failed to pay it , when they present themselves at the polling booths tomorrow .
the best kept secret of this election may be that poll tax collectors plan a massive drive to catch those who have failed to [sign up] for poll tax , or those who have registered but failed to pay it , when they present themselves at the polling booths tomorrow .

However , he is not definitely found as a brewer in any records that survive today until 1683 , when he appears in the register of St Dunstan 's , Stepney , as a ‘ brewer of Brick Lane ’ .
however , he is not definitely found as a brewer in any records that survive today until 1683 , when he appears in the [sign up] of st dunstan 's , stepney , as a ‘ brewer of brick lane ’ .

Age Concern would like to see this issue specifically addressed , so that elderly people will be assured of being able to register with a practice near their home .
age concern would like to see this issue specifically addressed , so that elderly people will be assured of being able to [sign up] with a practice near their home .

But the latest upheaval must register 10 on the Richter scale .
but the latest upheaval must [sign up] 10 on the richter scale .

And within six years , wanting to register ( in The Criter - ion for 1934 ) the distinction of Binyon 's version of the Inferno despite its consistent inversions of prosaic word order , Pound found himself in the same situation , having to contend with those who had learned too well or too inflexibly the lessons he himself had taught them :
and within six years , wanting to [sign up] ( in the criter - ion for 1934 ) the distinction of binyon 's version of the inferno despite its consistent inversions of prosaic word order , pound found himself in the same situation , having to contend with those who had learned too well or too inflexibly the lessons he himself had taught them :

To move from ‘ art ’ to ‘ craft ’ is rather plainly a further contraction , or diminution : and it will be radically misunderstood unless we remember that for Pound the level of craftsmanship ( not just in letters , but in supposedly humbler trades also ) is a register , a thermometer-reading , of the good or ill health of a period or of a society .
to move from ‘ art ’ to ‘ craft ’ is rather plainly a further contraction , or diminution : and it will be radically misunderstood unless we remember that for pound the level of craftsmanship ( not just in letters , but in supposedly humbler trades also ) is a [sign up] , a thermometer-reading , of the good or ill health of a period or of a society .

He made no secret of his Francophile enthusiasms , in reaction to the earlier domination of American music by Germans , and he was one of the first writers to register the importance of jazz .
he made no secret of his francophile enthusiasms , in reaction to the earlier domination of american music by germans , and he was one of the first writers to [sign up] the importance of jazz .

He knew that kidnap and torture were a blatant violation of the Chilean military code and that under the same code he was entitled to register any reservations with a superior officer .
he knew that kidnap and torture were a blatant violation of the chilean military code and that under the same code he was entitled to [sign up] any reservations with a superior officer .

Job applicants are spurned if they register ‘ positive ’ on a test , often without learning the reason for their rejection .
job applicants are spurned if they [sign up] ‘ positive ’ on a test , often without learning the reason for their rejection .

Individual firms avoid having to register as financial advisers under the act by providing advice through a ‘ permitted third party ’ who fulfils the act 's requirements .
individual firms avoid having to [sign up] as financial advisers under the act by providing advice through a ‘ permitted third party ’ who fulfils the act 's requirements .

There were warning signals in between , and as a result he was placed on an at-risk register three weeks before he died .
there were warning signals in between , and as a result he was placed on an at-risk [sign up] three weeks before he died .

On November 17 , the two registrars , nursing staff , social workers and the police decided there were insufficient grounds to start care proceedings , but put Christopher 's name on the Child Protection Register .
on november 17 , the two registrars , nursing staff , social workers and the police decided there were insufficient grounds to start care proceedings , but put christopher 's name on the child protection [sign up] .

This is particularly helpful if your school 's organisation seeks to register as a charity at a later date .
this is particularly helpful if your school 's organisation seeks to [sign up] as a charity at a later date .

They showed footballer Paul Gascoigne , who has applied to register his nickname Gazza as a trademark , being grabbed by his genitals .
they showed footballer paul gascoigne , who has applied to [sign up] his nickname gazza as a trademark , being grabbed by his genitals .

Lloyd 's Register , which carries out structural surveys of ships to enable them to be insured , believes that structural failure was to blame for many of the losses and is mounting an urgent investigation to establish whether this is the case .
lloyd 's [sign up] , which carries out structural surveys of ships to enable them to be insured , believes that structural failure was to blame for many of the losses and is mounting an urgent investigation to establish whether this is the case .

These are people who were too proud to register for compensation , who were shy about meeting delegations from Tokyo and who were diffident about making a political issue over ‘ our little pollution incident ’ .
these are people who were too proud to [sign up] for compensation , who were shy about meeting delegations from tokyo and who were diffident about making a political issue over ‘ our little pollution incident ’ .

The numbers of mentally handicapped people in the United Kingdom are not recorded on any register .
the numbers of mentally handicapped people in the united kingdom are not recorded on any [sign up] .

The Act requires data users to register , declaring the sources of data , uses and people to whom it may be disclosed .
the act requires data users to [sign up] , declaring the sources of data , uses and people to whom it may be disclosed .

The law does make provision for a person on a child-abuse register to know and to challenge that decision but the information does not have to come through the school record .
the law does make provision for a person on a child-abuse [sign up] to know and to challenge that decision but the information does not have to come through the school record .

But it seems to be widely accepted as inevitable that indiscipline will not be eradicated , no matter how positive or imaginative the school tries to be ; hence the need to be able to apply sanctions and punishments , ‘ to register disapproval of unacceptable behaviour and as a last resort to protect the necessary authority of teachers and the stability of the school system ’ .
but it seems to be widely accepted as inevitable that indiscipline will not be eradicated , no matter how positive or imaginative the school tries to be ; hence the need to be able to apply sanctions and punishments , ‘ to [sign up] disapproval of unacceptable behaviour and as a last resort to protect the necessary authority of teachers and the stability of the school system ’ .

Although the parish register was badly damaged by fire , there still exists the Bishop 's transcript of that register in which Leapor 's baptism is recorded on 16 March 1721 ( the apparent discrepancy is accounted for by the change from old to new style calendars in 1752 ) .
although the parish [sign up] was badly damaged by fire , there still exists the bishop 's transcript of that [sign up] in which leapor 's baptism is recorded on 16 march 1721 ( the apparent discrepancy is accounted for by the change from old to new style calendars in 1752 ) .

The Brackley Register records her burial on 26 December 1741 .
the brackley [sign up] records her burial on 26 december 1741 .

He survived his daughter , however , by thirty-four years and , according to the Brackley Register , was buried on 22 January 1771 .
he survived his daughter , however , by thirty-four years and , according to the brackley [sign up] , was buried on 22 january 1771 .

Leapor 's poems on rural landscape are among the earliest to register the conflicts associated with the enclosure movement .
leapor 's poems on rural landscape are among the earliest to [sign up] the conflicts associated with the enclosure movement .

After the baby was born , he was so elated that he did not manage to get to the Town Hall to register his daughter 's existence .
after the baby was born , he was so elated that he did not manage to get to the town hall to [sign up] his daughter 's existence .

The child was christened Napoleon , Eugène , Louis , Jean , Joseph , and after his name in the baptismal register of ‘ the Imperial parish of Saint Germain l'Auxerrois ’ the Emperor wrote ‘ Son of France ’ , thus curiously reviving a custom of the ancien régime because , as he said : ‘ When an heir is born to perpetuate a national institution , that child is the whole country 's son : and this name will serve to remind him of his duties .
the child was christened napoleon , eugène , louis , jean , joseph , and after his name in the baptismal [sign up] of ‘ the imperial parish of saint germain l'auxerrois ’ the emperor wrote ‘ son of france ’ , thus curiously reviving a custom of the ancien régime because , as he said : ‘ when an heir is born to perpetuate a national institution , that child is the whole country 's son : and this name will serve to remind him of his duties .

They do n't register , after a while .
they do n't [sign up] , after a while .

Also is it possible to register these ponies with any society ? Julie Taylor , Siddal , Halifax .
also is it possible to [sign up] these ponies with any society ? julie taylor , siddal , halifax .

He also consulted old copies of the Cape of Good Hope Almanac and Annual Register which , among other practical information , recorded the names and addresses of residents .
he also consulted old copies of the cape of good hope almanac and annual [sign up] which , among other practical information , recorded the names and addresses of residents .

In a square , steel tray at the back of the desk was a notepad , the kind of thing given away by small businesses in an attempt to register their names with the public .
in a square , steel tray at the back of the desk was a notepad , the kind of thing given away by small businesses in an attempt to [sign up] their names with the public .

‘ You 'll have to sign the register ! ’ said the shape .
‘ you 'll have to sign the [sign up] ! ’ said the shape .

The Poisons Register was , like the rest of the shop , a piece of England 's past .
the poisons [sign up] was , like the rest of the shop , a piece of england 's past .

It can be interpreted more narrowly as merely calling for an incidental adjustment in the form of an annotation of the present birth register .
it can be interpreted more narrowly as merely calling for an incidental adjustment in the form of an annotation of the present birth [sign up] .

It pointed out , however , that an annotation of the changed sex on the register would not safeguard privacy because it would reveal Rees 's change of sexual identity .
it pointed out , however , that an annotation of the changed sex on the [sign up] would not safeguard privacy because it would reveal rees 's change of sexual identity .

Obtain from your solicitor copies of the Land Registry plan and the Ownership and Charges Register , showing the land , boundaries , restrictive covenants , etc .
obtain from your solicitor copies of the land registry plan and the ownership and charges [sign up] , showing the land , boundaries , restrictive covenants , etc .

Secondly , the answers will only reveal any proposals for new roads and so on that have actually been placed on the council 's register .
secondly , the answers will only reveal any proposals for new roads and so on that have actually been placed on the council 's [sign up] .

Register Office , handful of guests , parents optional , drink-up at couple 's house ( in which they 've been living for several years already ) .
[sign up] office , handful of guests , parents optional , drink-up at couple 's house ( in which they 've been living for several years already ) .

Short Register Office ceremony saves on baby-sitting fees .
short [sign up] office ceremony saves on baby-sitting fees .

Register Office , as for The Rational , but with the following additional extras : parents of bride and groom ( if living ) ; blessing in church afterwards ( if either spouse already divorced , or if neither party can agree on going the whole way in a church wedding ) ; any children born pre-union can also be baptised in a job lot , along with the blessing ; more guests and consequently , bigger knees-up at the couple 's home ( or even in a hired room ; marquees are not supplied with this model ) .
[sign up] office , as for the rational , but with the following additional extras : parents of bride and groom ( if living ) ; blessing in church afterwards ( if either spouse already divorced , or if neither party can agree on going the whole way in a church wedding ) ; any children born pre-union can also be baptised in a job lot , along with the blessing ; more guests and consequently , bigger knees-up at the couple 's home ( or even in a hired room ; marquees are not supplied with this model ) .

Because there was no register of potential donors at that time , no match was found and Anthony died at the age of seven .
because there was no [sign up] of potential donors at that time , no match was found and anthony died at the age of seven .

It could be argued that when publication of address lists reaches this scale they are so unselective as to be innocuous ; the Swedish Data Inspection Board took the opposite view when it objected to the Readers Digest organisation compiling its own register of all adult Swedes ( roughly 9 million ) .
it could be argued that when publication of address lists reaches this scale they are so unselective as to be innocuous ; the swedish data inspection board took the opposite view when it objected to the readers digest organisation compiling its own [sign up] of all adult swedes ( roughly 9 million ) .

Since the electoral registration officer is authorised by statute to sell copies of the electoral register , address lists from this source are fairly and lawfully obtained ; objections to trading in other address lists can be circumvented if , at the time of the initial collection of information , it is made clear that addresses will be passed on unless the data subject expressly objects .
since the electoral registration officer is authorised by statute to sell copies of the electoral [sign up] , address lists from this source are fairly and lawfully obtained ; objections to trading in other address lists can be circumvented if , at the time of the initial collection of information , it is made clear that addresses will be passed on unless the data subject expressly objects .

This means that data users , when they register , must state all the purposes for which the data are likely to be used , and they must then ensure that they do not use the data in any other ways .
this means that data users , when they [sign up] , must state all the purposes for which the data are likely to be used , and they must then ensure that they do not use the data in any other ways .

Because they are optional , however , they can not provide the safeguards once hoped for , and individual data users are able to register their activities in their own way .
because they are optional , however , they can not provide the safeguards once hoped for , and individual data users are able to [sign up] their activities in their own way .

It was symptomatic of the British approach to the whole question that at the time the Act took effect no one knew , even to an approximation , how many data users were going to be required to register .
it was symptomatic of the british approach to the whole question that at the time the act took effect no one knew , even to an approximation , how many data users were going to be required to [sign up] .

In Britain it is easy to forget that , while we may have the publicly available electoral register , we are almost alone in Europe in not requiring each citizen to have a formally registered address , and to notify changes of address to the police .
in britain it is easy to forget that , while we may have the publicly available electoral [sign up] , we are almost alone in europe in not requiring each citizen to have a formally registered address , and to notify changes of address to the police .

Parents may hold their babies close and convey love for and admiration of their bodies , or they may hold them away and register distaste , even disgust , for some of their bodily functions .
parents may hold their babies close and convey love for and admiration of their bodies , or they may hold them away and [sign up] distaste , even disgust , for some of their bodily functions .

Cuts in capital budgets , use of the land dispersal register , and the mere threat of UDCs achieve the same political goals without incurring the political problems and contradictions of UDCs .
cuts in capital budgets , use of the land dispersal [sign up] , and the mere threat of udcs achieve the same political goals without incurring the political problems and contradictions of udcs .

During 1740 the First Lord of the Admiralty , with Walpole 's support , tried to carry a bill to create a national register of sea-faring men from which suitable recruits could be sought in time of crisis , but it was denounced by the Opposition as being akin to slavery and thrown out .
during 1740 the first lord of the admiralty , with walpole 's support , tried to carry a bill to create a national [sign up] of sea-faring men from which suitable recruits could be sought in time of crisis , but it was denounced by the opposition as being akin to slavery and thrown out .

The British public was well aware that an invasion was threatened . In May 1759 the Annual Register revealed the scale of the proposed attempt :
the british public was well aware that an invasion was threatened . in may 1759 the annual [sign up] revealed the scale of the proposed attempt :

Shortly afterwards , Eva called again at Bloomsbury House to register her feelings about her foster family :
shortly afterwards , eva called again at bloomsbury house to [sign up] her feelings about her foster family :

This high turnover means that they come on to the unemployment register for short periods and so distort the figures .
this high turnover means that they come on to the unemployment [sign up] for short periods and so distort the figures .

The counter-argument is that seasonal adjustment will itself take care of much of the distortion ( as it will eliminate the predictable seasonal rise in unemployment in July and August when school-leavers come on to the register ) .
the counter-argument is that seasonal adjustment will itself take care of much of the distortion ( as it will eliminate the predictable seasonal rise in unemployment in july and august when school-leavers come on to the [sign up] ) .

People register as unemployed in order to draw unemployment benefit , supplementary benefits or national insurance credits , and to receive information about what jobs are available ; they can also receive help and advice on their job prospects .
people [sign up] as unemployed in order to draw unemployment benefit , supplementary benefits or national insurance credits , and to receive information about what jobs are available ; they can also receive help and advice on their job prospects .

Those who are not eligible to claim benefits , therefore , may or may not register — in either event , they will not now be counted as being officially unemployed .
those who are not eligible to claim benefits , therefore , may or may not [sign up] — in either event , they will not now be counted as being officially unemployed .

It consists of the following three components : ( 1 ) Benefits which have to be paid to the unemployed : these include unemployment benefit , supplementary benefit , housing benefit , government contributions to redundancy payments and payments to those men aged between sixty and sixty-five who no longer register as unemployed .
it consists of the following three components : ( 1 ) benefits which have to be paid to the unemployed : these include unemployment benefit , supplementary benefit , housing benefit , government contributions to redundancy payments and payments to those men aged between sixty and sixty-five who no longer [sign up] as unemployed .

Eight are currently on the British register .
eight are currently on the british [sign up] .

The recently-launched National Avionics Register ( ‘ Air Mail ’ February ) is also a useful asset in , if not preventing theft , at least increasing your chances of tracking wayward radios .
the recently-launched national avionics [sign up] ( ‘ air mail ’ february ) is also a useful asset in , if not preventing theft , at least increasing your chances of tracking wayward radios .

Except that it if it involved waiting in this corridor for much longer , one of the security cameras might start to register her despite all diversionary moves , and she should therefore now take a break of at least six hours before coming back here .
except that it if it involved waiting in this corridor for much longer , one of the security cameras might start to [sign up] her despite all diversionary moves , and she should therefore now take a break of at least six hours before coming back here .

In Ipswich the development officer built up a register of possible workers through personal contacts or contact with local clubs , associations and the job centre .
in ipswich the development officer built up a [sign up] of possible workers through personal contacts or contact with local clubs , associations and the job centre .

By 1916 the register included more than a dozen identifiable types and the breed had spread to Scotland , Ireland , North America , Australia and the European continent .
by 1916 the [sign up] included more than a dozen identifiable types and the breed had spread to scotland , ireland , north america , australia and the european continent .

Many farmers are grading up their Friesians over four generations to register as Holsteins .
many farmers are grading up their friesians over four generations to [sign up] as holsteins .

Borrow , as always , delighted to talk to gypsies in their native tongue and was pleased to note , at Tintagel , the name Jennifer in the church register — a corruption of Guinevere .
borrow , as always , delighted to talk to gypsies in their native tongue and was pleased to note , at tintagel , the name jennifer in the church [sign up] — a corruption of guinevere .

They are necessary to register the heaviest fish of each species ever caught on rod and line ; when they were caught ; where they were caught ( although usually vaguely ) ; and , finally , by whom .
they are necessary to [sign up] the heaviest fish of each species ever caught on rod and line ; when they were caught ; where they were caught ( although usually vaguely ) ; and , finally , by whom .

The council of every district and London borough must appoint an Electoral Registration Officer , who is responsible to the Central Government for the preparation of the register of electors .
the council of every district and london borough must appoint an electoral registration officer , who is responsible to the central government for the preparation of the [sign up] of electors .

To do this he must assure himself that , on the day he is nominated as a candidate , he is 21 years of age or over , a British subject or a citizen of the Irish Republic and either that his name is on the register of electors in the local government area for which he intends to stand as a candidate , or that he has resided in the area ( or , in the case of a parish or community , within three miles of the area ) for a period of one year , or that he has occupied as owner or tenant land in the area for one year , or that his principal or only place of work has been in the area for one year .
to do this he must assure himself that , on the day he is nominated as a candidate , he is 21 years of age or over , a british subject or a citizen of the irish republic and either that his name is on the [sign up] of electors in the local government area for which he intends to stand as a candidate , or that he has resided in the area ( or , in the case of a parish or community , within three miles of the area ) for a period of one year , or that he has occupied as owner or tenant land in the area for one year , or that his principal or only place of work has been in the area for one year .

The candidate should obtain a free copy of the register of electors from the electoral registration officer for he is entitled to this by statute .
the candidate should obtain a free copy of the [sign up] of electors from the electoral registration officer for he is entitled to this by statute .

Many larger authorities maintain a separate register of interests which is available for public inspection .
many larger authorities maintain a separate [sign up] of interests which is available for public inspection .

The term ‘ stock-taking ’ refers to a physical check carried out on the bookstock to ensure that the library still actually has all of the items listed in its catalogue or shelf register .
the term ‘ stock-taking ’ refers to a physical check carried out on the bookstock to ensure that the library still actually has all of the items listed in its catalogue or shelf [sign up] .

The bureaux can register enquiries in considerable detail in the knowledge that the computer will enable them to extract information under many headings .
the bureaux can [sign up] enquiries in considerable detail in the knowledge that the computer will enable them to extract information under many headings .

register stove ,
[sign up] stove ,

keeper of the national register of births , deaths , and marriages .
keeper of the national [sign up] of births , deaths , and marriages .

Coleridge himself long believed that he was born on 20 October , but his father , with a clergyman 's attention to such matters , recorded in the parish register that the true date was 21 October ‘ about eleven o'clock in the forenoon ’ .
coleridge himself long believed that he was born on 20 october , but his father , with a clergyman 's attention to such matters , recorded in the parish [sign up] that the true date was 21 october ‘ about eleven o'clock in the forenoon ’ .

section register
section [sign up]

‘ Very good , sir , ’ said the man , after a brief pretence of consulting his register .
‘ very good , sir , ’ said the man , after a brief pretence of consulting his [sign up] .

Firms or individuals holding such personal data on living people are required to register with the Data Protection Registrar unless the information they hold is only involved in preparing the text of documents .
firms or individuals holding such personal data on living people are required to [sign up] with the data protection registrar unless the information they hold is only involved in preparing the text of documents .

What is the procedure for using the cash register ?
what is the procedure for using the cash [sign up] ?

That does n't just mean using a cash register , giving the correct change and adding up prices , although of course these are important .
that does n't just mean using a cash [sign up] , giving the correct change and adding up prices , although of course these are important .

The saxophonist is an outstanding musician , and spices up his favoured bop register with exotic touches drawn from swing through to free jazz .
the saxophonist is an outstanding musician , and spices up his favoured bop [sign up] with exotic touches drawn from swing through to free jazz .

He was taken to the same King 's Bench Prison in June 1810 to await his trial , not for debt but seditious libel in The Political Register .
he was taken to the same king 's bench prison in june 1810 to await his trial , not for debt but seditious libel in the political [sign up] .

When he heard that one of these new county courts was to have its first sitting in County Hall , Lewes on 27 April 1847 , Thomas Bance , a leading tailor of the town , was quick to register claims against eight customers who had delayed paying for their suits longer than most thought it traditional to do so .
when he heard that one of these new county courts was to have its first sitting in county hall , lewes on 27 april 1847 , thomas bance , a leading tailor of the town , was quick to [sign up] claims against eight customers who had delayed paying for their suits longer than most thought it traditional to do so .

In that event his creditor was entitled to ask the court to register the borrower 's indebtedness to him for the sum claimed as a fact without further to-do , and without the borrower 's case being heard .
in that event his creditor was entitled to ask the court to [sign up] the borrower 's indebtedness to him for the sum claimed as a fact without further to-do , and without the borrower 's case being heard .

Exhibitors must be members of the society and pay £1 for the privilege , which includes receiving a copy of the show register .
exhibitors must be members of the society and pay £1 for the privilege , which includes receiving a copy of the show [sign up] .

The register contains the list of entries along with their weights , so it is a useful guide to an exhibitor 's own progress over the years and that of his or her rivals .
the [sign up] contains the list of entries along with their weights , so it is a useful guide to an exhibitor 's own progress over the years and that of his or her rivals .

Held in a privately owned Mews House off Porchester Terrace — just five minutes from Marylebone Register office — they can cater for up to 40 .
held in a privately owned mews house off porchester terrace — just five minutes from marylebone [sign up] office — they can cater for up to 40 .

See the minister , priest or rabbi to book the big day ( register office weddings can only be booked three months in advance )
see the minister , priest or rabbi to book the big day ( [sign up] office weddings can only be booked three months in advance )

Book register office ceremonies now
book [sign up] office ceremonies now

The chief bridesmaid takes the bride 's bouquet which she keeps until after the signing of the register .
the chief bridesmaid takes the bride 's bouquet which she keeps until after the signing of the [sign up] .

After the ceremony and the signing of the register , the party will proceed outside for photographs .
after the ceremony and the signing of the [sign up] , the party will proceed outside for photographs .

Guests should assemble in the waiting room not more than 15 minutes early , register offices are busy places so early arrivals may cause some confusion !
guests should assemble in the waiting room not more than 15 minutes early , [sign up] offices are busy places so early arrivals may cause some confusion !

You do not have to exchange rings as it is not a legal requirement , although once again the bride and groom will have to sign the register .
you do not have to exchange rings as it is not a legal requirement , although once again the bride and groom will have to sign the [sign up] .

or district register office , using an authorised religious or civil ceremony .
or district [sign up] office , using an authorised religious or civil ceremony .

Register offices are closed on Sundays and may have other times when they are not open .
[sign up] offices are closed on sundays and may have other times when they are not open .

In some cases , if the person performing the marriage is n't authorised to register the marriage , the registrar may have to be present .
in some cases , if the person performing the marriage is n't authorised to [sign up] the marriage , the registrar may have to be present .

There are a variety of reasons why people choose a register office wedding .
there are a variety of reasons why people choose a [sign up] office wedding .

Owing to the small size of St Peter 's Church/Newtown Register Office it is possible to ask only a few guests to the service .
owing to the small size of st peter 's church/newtown [sign up] office it is possible to ask only a few guests to the service .

Below : Signing the register
below : signing the [sign up]

It gives local authorities the right to carry out repairs to reservoirs and charge the owner — and the duty to compile a national register of large reservoirs .
it gives local authorities the right to carry out repairs to reservoirs and charge the owner — and the duty to compile a national [sign up] of large reservoirs .

Now the teachers tend to describe their places of work as ‘ mass institutions ’ where students register and drift into and out of courses at will and with little supervision .
now the teachers tend to describe their places of work as ‘ mass institutions ’ where students [sign up] and drift into and out of courses at will and with little supervision .

Service industries are now in a worse predicament than ever , because it is no longer possible to register even a business name in Britain .
service industries are now in a worse predicament than ever , because it is no longer possible to [sign up] even a business name in britain .

Such slow-moving particles would not be detected in conventional particle-physics experiments , which register a particle 's passage by its ionisation of atoms in the detecting medium .
such slow-moving particles would not be detected in conventional particle-physics experiments , which [sign up] a particle 's passage by its ionisation of atoms in the detecting medium .

On a calm day , it can register a pressure difference across the thickness of the Handbook of Chemistry and Physics .
on a calm day , it can [sign up] a pressure difference across the thickness of the handbook of chemistry and physics .

The Data Protection Bill , which has already gone through the House of Lords , proposes that every business computer-user who holds information on living individuals should register .
the data protection bill , which has already gone through the house of lords , proposes that every business computer-user who holds information on living individuals should [sign up] .

The registrar will have a staff of about 20 , but will have to look after a register of perhaps hundreds of thousands of computers .
the registrar will have a staff of about 20 , but will have to look after a [sign up] of perhaps hundreds of thousands of computers .

By contrast , the body responsible for registering and monitoring information collected by credit reference agencies has a register of about 130 000 entries , deals with about 20 000 enquiries a year , and has a full-time staff of more than 70 .
by contrast , the body responsible for registering and monitoring information collected by credit reference agencies has a [sign up] of about 130 000 entries , deals with about 20 000 enquiries a year , and has a full-time staff of more than 70 .

‘ If the essential functions of ensuring compliance and dealing with complaints are neglected , the register and legislation will fall rapidly into disrepute , ’ the Consultative Committee of Accountancy Bodies told MPs in a briefing document .
‘ if the essential functions of ensuring compliance and dealing with complaints are neglected , the [sign up] and legislation will fall rapidly into disrepute , ’ the consultative committee of accountancy bodies told mps in a briefing document .

They are more likely to be unable to register any emotion .
they are more likely to be unable to [sign up] any emotion .

Since 1976 , in Britain at least , anyone of eighteen or over has been allowed by law to go to the General Register Office , the local Social Services or the appropriate adoption agency to obtain their original birth certificate .
since 1976 , in britain at least , anyone of eighteen or over has been allowed by law to go to the general [sign up] office , the local social services or the appropriate adoption agency to obtain their original birth certificate .

Quick — sign the register , get out , escape from the puzzlement in her eyes .
quick — sign the [sign up] , get out , escape from the puzzlement in her eyes .

In an age when the sea was even more of a man 's world than at present , and when women 's work outside the home was generally menial , Betsy Miller was the first woman to be recorded as a ship 's captain in the British Register of Tonnage at Lloyds .
in an age when the sea was even more of a man 's world than at present , and when women 's work outside the home was generally menial , betsy miller was the first woman to be recorded as a ship 's captain in the british [sign up] of tonnage at lloyds .

Additionally there was a basket of favours , small buttonholes and corsages to be given to guests and relatives while the bride and groom were signing the register .
additionally there was a basket of favours , small buttonholes and corsages to be given to guests and relatives while the bride and groom were signing the [sign up] .

The staff present in the building at the time of the murder were then questioned individually under the assumption that the plants would register the high level of emotion in any guilty party when he or she was questioned .
the staff present in the building at the time of the murder were then questioned individually under the assumption that the plants would [sign up] the high level of emotion in any guilty party when he or she was questioned .

Glebov 's Fifth Symphony opens with an introduction featuring a solo tuba , low in its register , winding a motto theme over the distant rumbling of a bass drum .
glebov 's fifth symphony opens with an introduction featuring a solo tuba , low in its [sign up] , winding a motto theme over the distant rumbling of a bass drum .

Yet the approach , at least by intention , is severely anti-Romantic , concerned with the shifting interrelationships of up to six separate layers of ‘ strata ’ , defined by different hierarchies of intervals and , especially , by register from high to low — thus dividing the orchestral gamut into superimposed layers , like the overlaid strata of rock within the earth .
yet the approach , at least by intention , is severely anti-romantic , concerned with the shifting interrelationships of up to six separate layers of ‘ strata ’ , defined by different hierarchies of intervals and , especially , by [sign up] from high to low — thus dividing the orchestral gamut into superimposed layers , like the overlaid strata of rock within the earth .

In the first movement the piano suddenly reaches high up in its register to remote regions , rather like Rachmaninov during the first movement of his Fourth Concerto .
in the first movement the piano suddenly reaches high up in its [sign up] to remote regions , rather like rachmaninov during the first movement of his fourth concerto .

However , when the first violin takes up the theme of the lullaby high up in its register , he plays with a pure sweetness that makes him sound like a luminous voice in the distance .
however , when the first violin takes up the theme of the lullaby high up in its [sign up] , he plays with a pure sweetness that makes him sound like a luminous voice in the distance .

Do you dream of making it to the top of the corporate tree whilst still short of the tooth and long in ideas ? The boards of 15 quoted companies — listed in Hemmington Scott 's Corporate Register * — have been energised by the appointment of a director below the age of 30 . Business asked the 10 youngest : ‘ How did you make it to the top so quickly ? ’
do you dream of making it to the top of the corporate tree whilst still short of the tooth and long in ideas ? the boards of 15 quoted companies — listed in hemmington scott 's corporate [sign up] * — have been energised by the appointment of a director below the age of 30 . business asked the 10 youngest : ‘ how did you make it to the top so quickly ? ’

Companies who want to register will have to complete an initial environmental review of activities to collect baseline data , develop a formal environmental management system and periodically submit an externally verified environmental statement to be lodged with a competent body established by each member state .
companies who want to [sign up] will have to complete an initial environmental review of activities to collect baseline data , develop a formal environmental management system and periodically submit an externally verified environmental statement to be lodged with a competent body established by each member state .

Students living away from home are required to register with a doctor as they may require medical treatment at night or weekends outside the times of normal surgeries .
students living away from home are required to [sign up] with a doctor as they may require medical treatment at night or weekends outside the times of normal surgeries .

Students may register with the University Medical Officer or with a local doctor of their own choice .
students may [sign up] with the university medical officer or with a local doctor of their own choice .

Students living in the University residences are required to register with a local medical practitioner or with the University Physician , and to report the name of the doctor to the Accommodation Officer .
students living in the university residences are required to [sign up] with a local medical practitioner or with the university physician , and to report the name of the doctor to the accommodation officer .

The Act imposes obligations on the University , including a requirement to register automatically processed information relating to individuals , provisions in respect of holding data on individuals and rights of subject access to it .
the act imposes obligations on the university , including a requirement to [sign up] automatically processed information relating to individuals , provisions in respect of holding data on individuals and rights of subject access to it .

Staff and students wishing to use the car parks must register their vehicle each academic year and each time it is changed .
staff and students wishing to use the car parks must [sign up] their vehicle each academic year and each time it is changed .

There is also a register of ‘ off-campus ’ accommodation in lodgings and furnished houses and flats , and details of vacancies can be obtained from the Accommodation Office .
there is also a [sign up] of ‘ off-campus ’ accommodation in lodgings and furnished houses and flats , and details of vacancies can be obtained from the accommodation office .

Students living away from home are required to register with the Medical Officer or a local doctor of their choice .
students living away from home are required to [sign up] with the medical officer or a local doctor of their choice .

Some information is registered and acted upon , other information may register but be stored and recalled later whilst other information may not be registered at all .
some information is registered and acted upon , other information may [sign up] but be stored and recalled later whilst other information may not be registered at all .

There is also a register of ‘ off-campus ’ accommodation in lodgings and furnished houses and flats , and details of vacancies can be obtained from the Accommodation Office .
there is also a [sign up] of ‘ off-campus ’ accommodation in lodgings and furnished houses and flats , and details of vacancies can be obtained from the accommodation office .

Students living away from home are required to register with the Medical Officer or a local doctor of their choice .
students living away from home are required to [sign up] with the medical officer or a local doctor of their choice .

Diploma holders who attain a satisfactory standard may register with the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland , and will be exempt from the first level examinations .
diploma holders who attain a satisfactory standard may [sign up] with the institute of chartered accountants in ireland , and will be exempt from the first level examinations .

An additional attraction of studying informatics is that graduates may now also achieve chartered engineer status through the British Computer Society , a body which has been nominated to register individuals with the Engineering Council .
an additional attraction of studying informatics is that graduates may now also achieve chartered engineer status through the british computer society , a body which has been nominated to [sign up] individuals with the engineering council .

To get this allowance , fill in the form at the back of the special death certificate you 'll be given when you register the death .
to get this allowance , fill in the form at the back of the special death certificate you 'll be given when you [sign up] the death .

Inside this ancient church is the parish register with the entry for 3 November 1728 .
inside this ancient church is the parish [sign up] with the entry for 3 november 1728 .

English Heritage lists the Estate in its register of ‘ Historic Parks & Gardens ’
english heritage lists the estate in its [sign up] of ‘ historic parks & gardens ’

Ah thought oor Damian was gonny burst a gut laughin' when he cam back fae the school and tellt us whit Miss Mackenzie had had tae pit in the register , the day the incomers signed on .
ah thought oor damian was gonny burst a gut laughin' when he cam back fae the school and tellt us whit miss mackenzie had had tae pit in the [sign up] , the day the incomers signed on .

You may register with a doctor , dentist , chiropodist of your choice .
you may [sign up] with a doctor , dentist , chiropodist of your choice .

The responsibilities of the two departments were to be as follows : the education authorities who operated a service under the 1910 Act had to confine themselves to ‘ interviewing , advising , registering and selecting juvenile applicants ’ , while the labour exchanges would ‘ register vacancies , place juveniles with employers and oversee their progress during the early years of employment ’ .
the responsibilities of the two departments were to be as follows : the education authorities who operated a service under the 1910 act had to confine themselves to ‘ interviewing , advising , registering and selecting juvenile applicants ’ , while the labour exchanges would ‘ [sign up] vacancies , place juveniles with employers and oversee their progress during the early years of employment ’ .

Banks can also maintain on befall of a corporation its share register in which the names , addresses and holdings of shareholders are recorded .
banks can also maintain on befall of a corporation its share [sign up] in which the names , addresses and holdings of shareholders are recorded .

Indeed , in the author 's own village the parish register was being kept in Latin as late as 1657 .
indeed , in the author 's own village the parish [sign up] was being kept in latin as late as 1657 .

’ There were other personal repercussions , as the calendar and register of prisoners in the county gaol shows .
’ there were other personal repercussions , as the calendar and [sign up] of prisoners in the county gaol shows .

The wandering poor got short shrift — a burial is recorded in the Combsburgh register of an unknown man the neighbouring overseers had refused to receive when dying of cold .
the wandering poor got short shrift — a burial is recorded in the combsburgh [sign up] of an unknown man the neighbouring overseers had refused to receive when dying of cold .

It is inevitable that they are attended by those whose prime motive appears to be to register their attendance and thereby retain their name on the roll .
it is inevitable that they are attended by those whose prime motive appears to be to [sign up] their attendance and thereby retain their name on the roll .

Or it is a pop group growling their way through a new song with cash register bells providing the timpani .
or it is a pop group growling their way through a new song with cash [sign up] bells providing the timpani .

Many will not register and simply evade or try to evade the tax .
many will not [sign up] and simply evade or try to evade the tax .

But the variable of interest may of course genuinely swing around abruptly ; the monthly count of unemployed people rises very sharply when school-leavers come on to the register , for example .
but the variable of interest may of course genuinely swing around abruptly ; the monthly count of unemployed people rises very sharply when school-leavers come on to the [sign up] , for example .

The distribution of life expectancy across countries is not symmetrical : the lower half of the distribution is more spread out than the upper half ( figure 11.7 ) ; many countries are pushing up against what looks like some kind of a ceiling of around seventy-seven years , while some poorer countries trail down in the forties and two countries ( Sierra Leone and Guinea ) even and leaf display of raw data register a staggering thirty-eight years .
the distribution of life expectancy across countries is not symmetrical : the lower half of the distribution is more spread out than the upper half ( figure 11.7 ) ; many countries are pushing up against what looks like some kind of a ceiling of around seventy-seven years , while some poorer countries trail down in the forties and two countries ( sierra leone and guinea ) even and leaf display of raw data [sign up] a staggering thirty-eight years .

The electoral register was used as a sampling frame of addresses ( institutional inmates were excluded for practical reasons — so few of them are willing or able to answer survey questions ) .
the electoral [sign up] was used as a sampling frame of addresses ( institutional inmates were excluded for practical reasons — so few of them are willing or able to answer survey questions ) .

The procedure was designed to compensate for the fact that the electoral register is not a very complete list of individuals ; it therefore depended on whether the adults resident had changed since the register was compiled .
the procedure was designed to compensate for the fact that the electoral [sign up] is not a very complete list of individuals ; it therefore depended on whether the adults resident had changed since the [sign up] was compiled .

If the household was identical to the register entry , the elector on whose account the address had been selected had effectively been selected at random , and was therefore nominated for interview .
if the household was identical to the [sign up] entry , the elector on whose account the address had been selected had effectively been selected at random , and was therefore nominated for interview .

The probability of selecting the original address had been proportional to the number of electors originally on the register ; this was a sensible procedure if the number of electors had not changed .
the probability of selecting the original address had been proportional to the number of electors originally on the [sign up] ; this was a sensible procedure if the number of electors had not changed .

In subsequent analysis , therefore , all responses from individuals at addresses which had changed electors were weighted by the number of adults at the address divided by the number of electors originally on the register for that address .
in subsequent analysis , therefore , all responses from individuals at addresses which had changed electors were weighted by the number of adults at the address divided by the number of electors originally on the [sign up] for that address .

The choir sang an anthem as the register was being signed .
the choir sang an anthem as the [sign up] was being signed .

As the boy turned toward the register , the mother pointed out how the price of each item appeared on a screen .
as the boy turned toward the [sign up] , the mother pointed out how the price of each item appeared on a screen .

Instead , they are caught up in creating imaginary situations—putting a stuffed animal to bed , driving an ambulance to a train crash , or ringing up a customer ’ s purchase at the cash register .
instead , they are caught up in creating imaginary situations—putting a stuffed animal to bed , driving an ambulance to a train crash , or ringing up a customer ’ s purchase at the cash [sign up] .

Consider , for instance , how many store clerks still scan items incorrectly at the register .
consider , for instance , how many store clerks still scan items incorrectly at the [sign up] .

To begin with , the adoption of bar codes came before rapid replenishment arrangements because retailers required a low-cost means of collecting information at the detailed product level for their own use—that is , they first developed an efficient method for scanning prices at the check-out register and tracking products for internal inventory purposes .
to begin with , the adoption of bar codes came before rapid replenishment arrangements because retailers required a low-cost means of collecting information at the detailed product level for their own use—that is , they first developed an efficient method for scanning prices at the check-out [sign up] and tracking products for internal inventory purposes .

The ability to gather , transmit , and use information regarding sales at the cash register has created a new way of offering products to customers .
the ability to gather , transmit , and use information regarding sales at the cash [sign up] has created a new way of offering products to customers .

At the eastern end of Princes Street is Register House , completed in 1788 from a design by Robert Adam and built for the Scottish public records office .
at the eastern end of princes street is [sign up] house , completed in 1788 from a design by robert adam and built for the scottish public records office .

On the western flank of the square , West Register House , designed originally as a church ( St. George ’ s ) , was taken over by the government in 1960 and is now part of the Public Records Office .
on the western flank of the square , west [sign up] house , designed originally as a church ( st. george ’ s ) , was taken over by the government in 1960 and is now part of the public records office .

For a traditional pub where you can sit among the locals , try the Guildford Arms , on West Register Street one block north of the east end of Princes Street .
for a traditional pub where you can sit among the locals , try the guildford arms , on west [sign up] street one block north of the east end of princes street .

Kofukuji temple was the first of the Zen Buddhist temples built by the Chinese ( 1620 ) after the Tokugawa shoguns had outlawed Christianity and ordered citizens to register as Buddhists .
kofukuji temple was the first of the zen buddhist temples built by the chinese ( 1620 ) after the tokugawa shoguns had outlawed christianity and ordered citizens to [sign up] as buddhists .

Register with your embassy and let them know where you ’ re going and when , and do not trek alone ; find a companion through a trekking agency or by posting a notice on one of the many bulletin boards in Thamel .
[sign up] with your embassy and let them know where you ’ re going and when , and do not trek alone ; find a companion through a trekking agency or by posting a notice on one of the many bulletin boards in thamel .

The truly mind-boggling variety of that collection begins to register as you pass the 104-ft- ( 32-m- ) long Roman mosaic swimming pool , complete with Greek colonnade and a copy of Donatello ’ s Florentine statue of David .
the truly mind-boggling variety of that collection begins to [sign up] as you pass the 104-ft- ( 32-m- ) long roman mosaic swimming pool , complete with greek colonnade and a copy of donatello ’ s florentine statue of david .

There are several other churches and houses of interest , as well as the old university , but beyond its admirable register of historical monuments , Évora remains a thoroughly charming small city to stroll and take in at a leisurely pace .
there are several other churches and houses of interest , as well as the old university , but beyond its admirable [sign up] of historical monuments , évora remains a thoroughly charming small city to stroll and take in at a leisurely pace .

By COURTNEY PERKES The Orange County Register Roberta Adams skipped the thick how-to guide on child-custody forms and sat down at a computer at the Lamoreaux Justice Center in Orange on Wednesday .
by courtney perkes the orange county [sign up] roberta adams skipped the thick how-to guide on child-custody forms and sat down at a computer at the lamoreaux justice center in orange on wednesday .

They were published in the Federal Register as interim rules on December 22 , 1997 .
they were published in the federal [sign up] as interim rules on december 22 , 1997 .

However , comments on the statutory provisions were solicited from the public by publication in the Federal Register on June 26 , 1997 ( 62 Fed .
however , comments on the statutory provisions were solicited from the public by publication in the federal [sign up] on june 26 , 1997 ( 62 fed .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on March 31 , 1998 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on march 31 , 1998 .

The final rule was published in the Federal Register on May 10 , 1996 .
the final rule was published in the federal [sign up] on may 10 , 1996 .

In response to our inquiry , Commission officials explained that the Commission did not provide a separate certification and statement to SBA because it considers publication of the certification in the Federal Register to be notice to SBA .
in response to our inquiry , commission officials explained that the commission did not provide a separate certification and statement to sba because it considers publication of the certification in the federal [sign up] to be notice to sba .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on April 3 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on april 3 , 1996 .

They stated that , in accordance with the Department 's practice , publication of section 605 ( b ) certifications in the Federal Register is treated as providing notice to SBA .
they stated that , in accordance with the department 's practice , publication of section 605 ( b ) certifications in the federal [sign up] is treated as providing notice to sba .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on October 17 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on october 17 , 1996 .

An initial Notice of Proposed Rulemaking was published in the Federal Register on December 8 , 1994 ( 59 Fed .
an initial notice of proposed rulemaking was published in the federal [sign up] on december 8 , 1994 ( 59 fed .

The GAO/OGC-97-1 Department indicates that it addresses all other comments and actions taken in response to them in the supplementary information provided when the Final Rule was published in the Federal Register on October 17 , 1996 .
the gao/ogc-97-1 department indicates that it addresses all other comments and actions taken in response to them in the supplementary information provided when the final rule was published in the federal [sign up] on october 17 , 1996 .

An announcement will be made in the Federal Register when the review has been completed and SFFAS No .
an announcement will be made in the federal [sign up] when the review has been completed and sffas no .

One example of evidence that a particular asset is heritage in nature is that it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
one example of evidence that a particular asset is heritage in nature is that it is listed on the national [sign up] of historic places .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on February 24 , 1998 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on february 24 , 1998 .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on February 10 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on february 10 , 1997 .

The notice of proposed rulemaking was published in the Federal Register on January 8 , 1996 .
the notice of proposed rulemaking was published in the federal [sign up] on january 8 , 1996 .

The Commission discusses its reaction to these concerns , and changes made because of the comments , in the preamble to the rule published in the Federal Register .
the commission discusses its reaction to these concerns , and changes made because of the comments , in the preamble to the rule published in the federal [sign up] .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on April 12 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on april 12 , 1996 .

Section 604 : Final regulatory flexibility analysis The Supplementary Information published in the Federal Register with the final rule includes the full text of the Commission 's final regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 604 : final regulatory flexibility analysis the supplementary information published in the federal [sign up] with the final rule includes the full text of the commission 's final regulatory flexibility analysis .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on August 30 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on august 30 , 1996 .

Section 1871 ( b ) provides that , with exceptions not pertinent here , before issuing any final rule , the Secretary shall provide for notice of the proposed regulation in the Federal Register and a comment period of at least 60 days .
section 1871 ( b ) provides that , with exceptions not pertinent here , before issuing any final rule , the secretary shall provide for notice of the proposed regulation in the federal [sign up] and a comment period of at least 60 days .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on January 30 , 1998 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on january 30 , 1998 .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on July 24 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on july 24 , 1996 .

GAO/OGC-96-32 Section 604 : Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The Supplementary Information published in the Federal Register includes the full text of the Commission 's Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis .
gao/ogc-96-32 section 604 : final regulatory flexibility analysis the supplementary information published in the federal [sign up] includes the full text of the commission 's final regulatory flexibility analysis .

Summaries of the notices of these proposed rulemakings were published in the Federal Register .
summaries of the notices of these proposed rulemakings were published in the federal [sign up] .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on May 6 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on may 6 , 1996 .

While section 609 likewise is inapplicable , the Board 's submission to our Office states that , in addition to publishing the proposed rule in the Federal Register , it took several steps to give small entities the opportunity to participate in the rulemaking .
while section 609 likewise is inapplicable , the board 's submission to our office states that , in addition to publishing the proposed rule in the federal [sign up] , it took several steps to give small entities the opportunity to participate in the rulemaking .

Rather , in accordance with the Board 's practice , publication of the certifications in the Federal Register was treated as providing notice to SBA .
rather , in accordance with the board 's practice , publication of the certifications in the federal [sign up] was treated as providing notice to sba .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on May 1 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on may 1 , 1997 .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on May 22 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on may 22 , 1997 .

In addition , another benefit includes permitting real estate advisers to pension plans to continue to register with the SEC , which will allow the advisers to comply with the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ( ERISA ) .
in addition , another benefit includes permitting real estate advisers to pension plans to continue to [sign up] with the sec , which will allow the advisers to comply with the requirements of the employee retirement income security act of 1974 ( erisa ) .

New advisers would not have to register initially with a state or states , then deregister and register with the SEC if they had the expectation of being eligible for SEC registration within 120 days .
new advisers would not have to [sign up] initially with a state or states , then deregister and [sign up] with the sec if they had the expectation of being eligible for sec registration within 120 days .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on August 2 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on august 2 , 1996 .

GAO/OGC-96-34 Section 604 : Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The Supplementary Information published in the Federal Register includes the full text of the Commission 's Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis .
gao/ogc-96-34 section 604 : final regulatory flexibility analysis the supplementary information published in the federal [sign up] includes the full text of the commission 's final regulatory flexibility analysis .

The Commission published the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking in both the Federal Register and the FCC Record , publications that should be easily obtained by small as well as large entities in the telecommunications industry .
the commission published the notice of proposed rulemaking in both the federal [sign up] and the fcc record , publications that should be easily obtained by small as well as large entities in the telecommunications industry .

A summary of the notice was published in the Federal Register ( 59 Fed .
a summary of the notice was published in the federal [sign up] ( 59 fed .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on January 8 , 1998 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on january 8 , 1998 .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on July 5 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on july 5 , 1996 .

According to an official at EPA , publication of the certifications in the Federal Register in connection with the interim program and the final rule was treated as providing notice under section 605 ( b ) to the Small Business Administration 's ( SBA ) Chief Counsel for Advocacy .
according to an official at epa , publication of the certifications in the federal [sign up] in connection with the interim program and the final rule was treated as providing notice under section 605 ( b ) to the small business administration 's ( sba ) chief counsel for advocacy .

Consistent with the Executive order , the rule was initiated through an advance notice of proposed rulemaking and a regulatory impact analysis was included in the Interim Program notice in the Federal Register .
consistent with the executive order , the rule was initiated through an advance notice of proposed rulemaking and a regulatory impact analysis was included in the interim program notice in the federal [sign up] .

The rules were published in the Federal Register as interim rules with request for comments on April 8 , 1997 .
the rules were published in the federal [sign up] as interim rules with request for comments on april 8 , 1997 .

During the 180-day period , the Departments will publish a notice in the Federal Register initiating a 60-day agency review and public comment period with submittal to OMB for review and an extension of the emergency approval to follow .
during the 180-day period , the departments will publish a notice in the federal [sign up] initiating a 60-day agency review and public comment period with submittal to omb for review and an extension of the emergency approval to follow .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on January 31 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on january 31 , 1997 .

These responses are summarized in the preamble to the rule in the Federal Register .
these responses are summarized in the preamble to the rule in the federal [sign up] .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on May 9 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on may 9 , 1997 .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on June 24 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on june 24 , 1996 .

While section 609 likewise is inapplicable , the preamble in the Federal Register notes that the Departments wanted to afford public participation to the maximum extent and , therefore , the negotiated rulemaking committee meetings were open to the public and all sessions were announced in the Federal Register .
while section 609 likewise is inapplicable , the preamble in the federal [sign up] notes that the departments wanted to afford public participation to the maximum extent and , therefore , the negotiated rulemaking committee meetings were open to the public and all sessions were announced in the federal [sign up] .

According to an official at the Department of the Interior , publication of the certifications in the Federal Register was treated as providing notice under section 605 ( b ) to the Small Business Administration 's ( SBA ) Chief Counsel for Advocacy .
according to an official at the department of the interior , publication of the certifications in the federal [sign up] was treated as providing notice under section 605 ( b ) to the small business administration 's ( sba ) chief counsel for advocacy .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on July 12 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on july 12 , 1996 .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on April 2 , 1998 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on april 2 , 1998 .

OMB 's approval will be announced by HHS in the Federal Register .
omb 's approval will be announced by hhs in the federal [sign up] .

They were published in the Federal Register as final rules on August 20 , 1996 .
they were published in the federal [sign up] as final rules on august 20 , 1996 .

According to an official at FCIC , publication of the certifications in the Federal Register was treated as providing notice under section 605 ( b ) to the Small Business Administration 's ( SBA ) Chief Counsel for Advocacy .
according to an official at fcic , publication of the certifications in the federal [sign up] was treated as providing notice under section 605 ( b ) to the small business administration 's ( sba ) chief counsel for advocacy .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on June 26 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on june 26 , 1997 .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on June 20 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on june 20 , 1996 .

EPA prepared an initial regulatory flexibility analysis in compliance with section 603 of the Act ; it published a summary of that analysis in the preamble to the proposed rule in the Federal Register on October 20 , 1993 .
epa prepared an initial regulatory flexibility analysis in compliance with section 603 of the act ; it published a summary of that analysis in the preamble to the proposed rule in the federal [sign up] on october 20 , 1993 .

Based on the information presented during public hearings and in comments received on the proposed rule , EPA published a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking in the Federal Register on March 13 , 1995 .
based on the information presented during public hearings and in comments received on the proposed rule , epa published a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking in the federal [sign up] on march 13 , 1995 .

Section 604 : Final regulatory flexibility analysis EPA published a summary of its final regulatory flexibility analyses as required by section 604 of the Act in the Federal Register on June 20 , 1996 .
section 604 : final regulatory flexibility analysis epa published a summary of its final regulatory flexibility analyses as required by section 604 of the act in the federal [sign up] on june 20 , 1996 .

In the Federal Register notice , EPA described lessening risk management plan information requirements as follows : `` .
in the federal [sign up] notice , epa described lessening risk management plan information requirements as follows : `` .

It was published in the Federal Register as an interim rule on July 3 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as an interim rule on july 3 , 1996 .

Such certification was published in the Federal Register , 61 Fed .
such certification was published in the federal [sign up] , 61 fed .

Rather , publication in the Federal Register was treated as providing notice to the SBA .
rather , publication in the federal [sign up] was treated as providing notice to the sba .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on February 6 , 1998 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on february 6 , 1998 .

The FCC published a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ( NPRM ) in the Federal Register on January 26 , 1996 ( 61 Fed .
the fcc published a notice of proposed rulemaking ( nprm ) in the federal [sign up] on january 26 , 1996 ( 61 fed .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on May 22 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on may 22 , 1997 .

The preamble to the final rule states that the rule is effective on the date of publication in the Federal Register , May 22 , 1997 , because CCC has determined that it is impracticable , unnecessary , and contrary to the public interest to delay the effective date of the rule .
the preamble to the final rule states that the rule is effective on the date of publication in the federal [sign up] , may 22 , 1997 , because ccc has determined that it is impracticable , unnecessary , and contrary to the public interest to delay the effective date of the rule .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on June 12 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on june 12 , 1996 .

Section 604 : Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The Supplementary Information published in the Federal Register with the final rule includes the full text of the Commission 's final regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 604 : final regulatory flexibility analysis the supplementary information published in the federal [sign up] with the final rule includes the full text of the commission 's final regulatory flexibility analysis .

The Commission estimates these dates will be later than 60 days after the Federal Register publication .
the commission estimates these dates will be later than 60 days after the federal [sign up] publication .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on April 16 , 1998 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on april 16 , 1998 .

On February 11 , 1997 , EPA published a notice of proposed rulemaking in the Federal Register ( 62 Fed .
on february 11 , 1997 , epa published a notice of proposed rulemaking in the federal [sign up] ( 62 fed .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on July 25 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on july 25 , 1996 .

In addition to the information gained through these meetings and conferences , 6,800 comments were received in response to the Federal Register notice .
in addition to the information gained through these meetings and conferences , 6,800 comments were received in response to the federal [sign up] notice .

They were published in the Federal Register as final rules on March 23 , 1998 .
they were published in the federal [sign up] as final rules on march 23 , 1998 .

The Registration Form final rule amends Form N-1A which is used by mutual funds to register under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and to offer their shares under the Securities Act of 1933 .
the registration form final rule amends form n-1a which is used by mutual funds to [sign up] under the investment company act of 1940 and to offer their shares under the securities act of 1933 .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on March 17 , 1999 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on march 17 , 1999 .

On February 27 , 1997 , the FDA published a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking in the Federal Register .
on february 27 , 1997 , the fda published a notice of proposed rulemaking in the federal [sign up] .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on January 3 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on january 3 , 1997 .

A Notice of Proposed Rulemaking was published in the Federal Register on April 18 , 1996 ( 61 Fed .
a notice of proposed rulemaking was published in the federal [sign up] on april 18 , 1996 ( 61 fed .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on October 4 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on october 4 , 1996 .

For example , the Unified Agenda of Federal Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions is published in the Federal Register twice each year by the Regulatory Information Service Center ( RISC ) , 1 and provides uniform reporting of data on regulatory activities under development throughout the federal government .
for example , the unified agenda of federal regulatory and deregulatory actions is published in the federal [sign up] twice each year by the regulatory information service center ( risc ) , 1 and provides uniform reporting of data on regulatory activities under development throughout the federal government .

Since October 1995 , the Unified Agenda has been published electronically and is searchable either through RISC 's web site ( http : //reginfo.gov ) or the Government Printing Office 's GPO Access web site ( which can be accessed through http : //www.access.gpo.gov ) .2 Shorterterm notice of upcoming rules is provided by the NPRMs that agencies publish each day in the Federal Register .
since october 1995 , the unified agenda has been published electronically and is searchable either through risc 's web site ( http : //reginfo.gov ) or the government printing office 's gpo access web site ( which can be accessed through http : //www.access.gpo.gov ) .2 shorterterm notice of upcoming rules is provided by the nprms that agencies publish each day in the federal [sign up] .

Like the Unified Agenda , the printed version of the Federal Register is so voluminous as to be daunting .
like the unified agenda , the printed version of the federal [sign up] is so voluminous as to be daunting .

This task has been greatly facilitated by making the Federal Register available electronically and searchable through the GPO Access web site .
this task has been greatly facilitated by making the federal [sign up] available electronically and searchable through the gpo access web site .

GPO Access can be used to search the Federal Register back to 1995 with particular search parameters ( e.g. , proposed rules issued during December 1999 containing the phrase `` air quality standards '' ) .3 Using Agency Web Sites to Identify Proposed Rules All of the federal regulatory agencies that we examined also used their own web sites to disseminate information about their rulemaking plans and activities .
gpo access can be used to search the federal [sign up] back to 1995 with particular search parameters ( e.g. , proposed rules issued during december 1999 containing the phrase `` air quality standards '' ) .3 using agency web sites to identify proposed rules all of the federal regulatory agencies that we examined also used their own web sites to disseminate information about their rulemaking plans and activities .

Although the `` Regulations and Proposed Rules '' link also permitted the user to identify `` Environmental Documents '' in the Federal Register , the search tools identified any document related to a date or keyword , not just proposed rules .
although the `` regulations and proposed rules '' link also permitted the user to identify `` environmental documents '' in the federal [sign up] , the search tools identified any document related to a date or keyword , not just proposed rules .

The 1994 Federal Register database is also available through GPO Access .
the 1994 federal [sign up] database is also available through gpo access .

However , this is a link to electronic documents available in the Federal Register through the GPO Access web site , not EPA- specific proposed rules , and the viewer is then required to use that site 's search tools to identify particular proposed rules .
however , this is a link to electronic documents available in the federal [sign up] through the gpo access web site , not epa- specific proposed rules , and the viewer is then required to use that site 's search tools to identify particular proposed rules .

Filing Comments Electronically NPRMs that are published in the Federal Register have traditionally instructed interested parties to submit written comments on a proposed rule to the appropriate rulemaking docket , and have provided a mailing address where such comments can be filed .
filing comments electronically nprms that are published in the federal [sign up] have traditionally instructed interested parties to submit written comments on a proposed rule to the appropriate rulemaking docket , and have provided a mailing address where such comments can be filed .

For the five regulatory agencies on which we focused in this review , we examined the 576 proposed rules that they published in the Federal Register during calendar year 1999 to determine the extent to which they explicitly noted that public comments could be submitted electronically or by facsimile.5 The results , presented in figure 1 , indicate that the agencies varied substantially in those dimensions .
for the five regulatory agencies on which we focused in this review , we examined the 576 proposed rules that they published in the federal [sign up] during calendar year 1999 to determine the extent to which they explicitly noted that public comments could be submitted electronically or by facsimile.5 the results , presented in figure 1 , indicate that the agencies varied substantially in those dimensions .

Source : Federal Register via GPO Access .
source : federal [sign up] via gpo access .

Page 8 GAO/GGD00135R Federal Rulemaking We accessed the Federal Register notices for each of these 576 proposed rules electronically through the GPO Access web site .
page 8 gao/ggd00135r federal rulemaking we accessed the federal [sign up] notices for each of these 576 proposed rules electronically through the gpo access web site .

Although many of the NPRMs provided an email address to which comments could be filed , the current system for electronic Federal Register notices does not permit the user to provide a `` hypertext '' link to a site where comments could be immediately filed .
although many of the nprms provided an email address to which comments could be filed , the current system for electronic federal [sign up] notices does not permit the user to provide a `` hypertext '' link to a site where comments could be immediately filed .

An official at the Office of the Federal Register told us that the Government Printing Office was experimenting with upgrading its publishing system to permit the use of hypertext links in electronic rules .
an official at the office of the federal [sign up] told us that the government printing office was experimenting with upgrading its publishing system to permit the use of hypertext links in electronic rules .

He also noted that any such upgrade would be a large and expensive effort , and that it was unclear when , if ever , hypertext links could be added to the Federal Register .
he also noted that any such upgrade would be a large and expensive effort , and that it was unclear when , if ever , hypertext links could be added to the federal [sign up] .

Citizens are able to register to be placed on the listserver for particular topics .
citizens are able to [sign up] to be placed on the listserver for particular topics .

Page 15 GAO/GGD00135R Federal Rulemaking Federal Register on the GPO Access web site .
page 15 gao/ggd00135r federal rulemaking federal [sign up] on the gpo access web site .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on February 28 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on february 28 , 1997 .

The proposed rulemaking was published in the Federal Register on September 6 , 1996 , 61 Fed .
the proposed rulemaking was published in the federal [sign up] on september 6 , 1996 , 61 fed .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on August 29 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on august 29 , 1996 .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on May 23 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on may 23 , 1996 .

Rather , in accordance with VA 's practice , publication of the certification in the Federal Register was treated as providing notice to SBA .
rather , in accordance with va 's practice , publication of the certification in the federal [sign up] was treated as providing notice to sba .

It was published in the Federal Register as a interim rule on March 6 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a interim rule on march 6 , 1997 .

INS published the proposed rule on January 3 , 1997 , in the Federal Register .
ins published the proposed rule on january 3 , 1997 , in the federal [sign up] .

As was pointed out in our March 28 , 1997 , report , while the rule was published in the Federal Register on March 6 , 1997 , and was received in our Office and Congress on March 14 , 1997 , the rule stated that it was effective on April 1 , 1997 .
as was pointed out in our march 28 , 1997 , report , while the rule was published in the federal [sign up] on march 6 , 1997 , and was received in our office and congress on march 14 , 1997 , the rule stated that it was effective on april 1 , 1997 .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on October 22 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on october 22 , 1996 .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on December 4 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on december 4 , 1997 .

The FCC published a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking in the GAO/OGC-98-18 Federal Register on June 24 , 1996 .
the fcc published a notice of proposed rulemaking in the gao/ogc-98-18 federal [sign up] on june 24 , 1996 .

The FCC will publish a notice in the Federal Register when such approval is granted .
the fcc will publish a notice in the federal [sign up] when such approval is granted .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on August 28 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on august 28 , 1996 .

The lengthy jurisdictional determination was published in the Federal Register on August 28 , 1996 , as an annex to the final rule .
the lengthy jurisdictional determination was published in the federal [sign up] on august 28 , 1996 , as an annex to the final rule .

The rule will become effective 1 year from the date of publication in the Federal Register except that the prohibition regarding sale to any person younger than 18 years of age and the requirement for photographic identification to verify the age of purchasers will become effective 6 months after publication .
the rule will become effective 1 year from the date of publication in the federal [sign up] except that the prohibition regarding sale to any person younger than 18 years of age and the requirement for photographic identification to verify the age of purchasers will become effective 6 months after publication .

On August 11 , 1995 , the proposed rule was published in the Federal Register ( 60 Fed .
on august 11 , 1995 , the proposed rule was published in the federal [sign up] ( 60 fed .

Because of the above noted changes to the collections , FDA has resubmitted the matter to OMB for review and approval and prior to the effective date of the rule , FDA will publish a notice in the Federal Register of OMB 's action on the provisions .
because of the above noted changes to the collections , fda has resubmitted the matter to omb for review and approval and prior to the effective date of the rule , fda will publish a notice in the federal [sign up] of omb 's action on the provisions .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on April 15 , 1998 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on april 15 , 1998 .

On December 17 , 1993 , EPA published a notice of proposed rulemaking on the integrated air and water rules in the Federal Register .
on december 17 , 1993 , epa published a notice of proposed rulemaking on the integrated air and water rules in the federal [sign up] .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on October 7 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on october 7 , 1996 .

Meetings of the Device Good Manufacturing Practice Advisory Committee ( GMP Advisory Committee ) were announced by Federal Register publication on April 25 , 1990 ( 55 Fed .
meetings of the device good manufacturing practice advisory committee ( gmp advisory committee ) were announced by federal [sign up] publication on april 25 , 1990 ( 55 fed .

After receipt of these comments , FDA will publish a notice in the Federal Register when the agency is submitting the collections to OMB for approval and again when OMB makes a decision on approval , modification or disapproval .
after receipt of these comments , fda will publish a notice in the federal [sign up] when the agency is submitting the collections to omb for approval and again when omb makes a decision on approval , modification or disapproval .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on December 9 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on december 9 , 1997 .

On June 17 , 1997 , the FCC published a notice of proposed rulemaking in the Federal Register seeking comments on the proposal .
on june 17 , 1997 , the fcc published a notice of proposed rulemaking in the federal [sign up] seeking comments on the proposal .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on June 6 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on june 6 , 1997 .

It was published in the Federal Register as a Final Rule on October 17 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on october 17 , 1996 .

An initial Notice of Proposed Rulemaking was published in the Federal Register on August 30 , 1994 ( 59 Fed .
an initial notice of proposed rulemaking was published in the federal [sign up] on august 30 , 1994 ( 59 fed .

The Department discusses these comments and any action taken in reaction to them in GAO/OGC-97-2 the supplementary information provided when the Final Rule was published in the Federal Register on October 17 , 1996 .
the department discusses these comments and any action taken in reaction to them in gao/ogc-97-2 the supplementary information provided when the final rule was published in the federal [sign up] on october 17 , 1996 .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on August 14 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on august 14 , 1996 .

That notice was summarized in the Federal Register ( 60 Fed .
that notice was summarized in the federal [sign up] ( 60 fed .

Section 604 : Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The Supplementary Information published in the Federal Register includes the full text of the Commission 's Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis .
section 604 : final regulatory flexibility analysis the supplementary information published in the federal [sign up] includes the full text of the commission 's final regulatory flexibility analysis .

A summary of the notice was published in the Federal Register ( 60 Fed .
a summary of the notice was published in the federal [sign up] ( 60 fed .

The Report and Order is effective October 23 , 1996 , 70 days after the August 14 , 1996 , publication of the Report and Order in the Federal Register .
the report and order is effective october 23 , 1996 , 70 days after the august 14 , 1996 , publication of the report and order in the federal [sign up] .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on January 15 , 1998 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on january 15 , 1998 .

On March 21 , 1997 , the FCC published a notice of proposed rulemaking in the Federal Register .
on march 21 , 1997 , the fcc published a notice of proposed rulemaking in the federal [sign up] .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on June 19 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on june 19 , 1996 .

The Commission 's Proposed Rule Making was published in the Federal Register , 61 Fed .
the commission 's proposed rule making was published in the federal [sign up] , 61 fed .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on August 27 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on august 27 , 1996 .

A notice of proposed rulemaking was published in the Federal Register on April 26 , 1995 .
a notice of proposed rulemaking was published in the federal [sign up] on april 26 , 1995 .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on April 8 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on april 8 , 1997 .

During the 180-day period , HHS will publish a notice in the Federal Register initiating a 60-day agency review and public comment period with submittal to OMB for review and an extension of the emergency approval to follow .
during the 180-day period , hhs will publish a notice in the federal [sign up] initiating a 60-day agency review and public comment period with submittal to omb for review and an extension of the emergency approval to follow .

It was published in the Federal Register as an interim final rule on February 11 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as an interim final rule on february 11 , 1997 .

The assessment , which is summarized in the preamble to the rule in the Federal Register , was submitted to our Office in its entirety .
the assessment , which is summarized in the preamble to the rule in the federal [sign up] , was submitted to our office in its entirety .

They were published in the Federal Register on September 12 , 1996 .
they were published in the federal [sign up] on september 12 , 1996 .

GAO/OGC-96-43 Section 604 : Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The Commission published a summary of its Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis in the Federal Register on September 12 , 1996 ( 61 Fed .
gao/ogc-96-43 section 604 : final regulatory flexibility analysis the commission published a summary of its final regulatory flexibility analysis in the federal [sign up] on september 12 , 1996 ( 61 fed .

An initial Notice of Proposed Rulemaking was published in the Federal Register on October 10 , 1995 ( 60 Fed .
an initial notice of proposed rulemaking was published in the federal [sign up] on october 10 , 1995 ( 60 fed .

The Commission discusses these comments and any actions taken in reaction to them in the supplementary information provided when the Final Rules were published in the Federal Register on September 12 , 1996 ( 61 Fed .
the commission discusses these comments and any actions taken in reaction to them in the supplementary information provided when the final rules were published in the federal [sign up] on september 12 , 1996 ( 61 fed .

An additional notice of information collection for the Quote Rule was published in the Federal Register on September 12 , 1996 ( 61 Fed .
an additional notice of information collection for the quote rule was published in the federal [sign up] on september 12 , 1996 ( 61 fed .

OMB will make a decision regarding approval of this information collection between 30 and 60 days after publication in the Federal Register .
omb will make a decision regarding approval of this information collection between 30 and 60 days after publication in the federal [sign up] .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on June 5 , 1997 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on june 5 , 1997 .

After FDA evaluates the comments received , makes any revisions , and receives final OMB approval for the information collection , FDA will announce in the Federal Register that approval and the effective date of the part of the regulations that relate to the information collection .
after fda evaluates the comments received , makes any revisions , and receives final omb approval for the information collection , fda will announce in the federal [sign up] that approval and the effective date of the part of the regulations that relate to the information collection .

It was published in the Federal Register as a final rule on June 7 , 1996 .
it was published in the federal [sign up] as a final rule on june 7 , 1996 .

Section 605 ( b ) provides that if the head of an agency makes a certification under that section , the agency shall publish such certification in the Federal Register along with a succinct statement explaining the reasons for such certification .
section 605 ( b ) provides that if the head of an agency makes a certification under that section , the agency shall publish such certification in the federal [sign up] along with a succinct statement explaining the reasons for such certification .

As part of this project , LSC solicited public comment via notices published in the Federal Register and on the LSC Website in November 2000 .
as part of this project , lsc solicited public comment via notices published in the federal [sign up] and on the lsc website in november 2000 .

The Commission solicited written comments from the public and held two public hearings duly noticed in the Federal Register .
the commission solicited written comments from the public and held two public hearings duly noticed in the federal [sign up] .

Three possible interpretations of the presence language were listed in the Corporation 's Federal Register notice : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States when the cause of action for which the recipient provides legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present only when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an LSC grantee .
three possible interpretations of the presence language were listed in the corporation 's federal [sign up] notice : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states when the cause of action for which the recipient provides legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present only when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an lsc grantee .

Furthermore , the record demonstrates that the interpretations initially offered by the Corporation in the Federal Register notice would contradict Congress ' clear purpose of providing meaningful legal representation to indigent lawful aliens and lead to absurd results .
furthermore , the record demonstrates that the interpretations initially offered by the corporation in the federal [sign up] notice would contradict congress ' clear purpose of providing meaningful legal representation to indigent lawful aliens and lead to absurd results .

In regard to H-2A workers , the record demonstrates that Congress ' purpose of providing meaningful representation to these workers can not be accomplished under the three interpretations in the Federal Register .
in regard to h-2a workers , the record demonstrates that congress ' purpose of providing meaningful representation to these workers can not be accomplished under the three interpretations in the federal [sign up] .

The Commission solicited comments from the public through a notice duly published in the Federal Register .
the commission solicited comments from the public through a notice duly published in the federal [sign up] .

The Federal Register notice asked that comments be directed to the following questions : ( 1 ) How long are seasonal agricultural workers typically in the United States ?
the federal [sign up] notice asked that comments be directed to the following questions : ( 1 ) how long are seasonal agricultural workers typically in the united states ?

The Federal Register notice identified a number of possible interpretations of the presence requirement : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States when the cause of action for which the recipient provides legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an LSC grantee.5 This Report of the Commission identifies the current interpretation used by LSC grantees and the impact of alternative interpretations on all categories of eligible aliens .
the federal [sign up] notice identified a number of possible interpretations of the presence requirement : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states when the cause of action for which the recipient provides legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an lsc grantee.5 this report of the commission identifies the current interpretation used by lsc grantees and the impact of alternative interpretations on all categories of eligible aliens .

FACTUAL FINDINGS The Commission has compiled factual findings that address the questions identified in the Federal Register notice described above .
factual findings the commission has compiled factual findings that address the questions identified in the federal [sign up] notice described above .

As noted above , three possible interpretations of the presence language were listed in the Corporation 's Federal Register notice : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States when the cause of action for which the recipient provides legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present only when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the United States any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an LSC grantee.22 Upon careful consideration of the language and purposes of the statute and the legislative history , the Commission has determined that none of these formulations fully responds to the purposes of the statute or the intent of Congress .
as noted above , three possible interpretations of the presence language were listed in the corporation 's federal [sign up] notice : ( 1 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states when the cause of action for which the recipient provides legal assistance arises ; ( 2 ) an alien must be physically present only when legal representation is commenced ; and ( 3 ) an alien must be physically present in the united states any time the alien is provided legal assistance from an lsc grantee.22 upon careful consideration of the language and purposes of the statute and the legislative history , the commission has determined that none of these formulations fully responds to the purposes of the statute or the intent of congress .

Furthermore , the record demonstrates that the interpretations initially offered by the Corporation in the Federal Register notice would contradict Congress ' clear purpose of providing meaningful legal representation to indigent lawful aliens and lead to absurd results .
furthermore , the record demonstrates that the interpretations initially offered by the corporation in the federal [sign up] notice would contradict congress ' clear purpose of providing meaningful legal representation to indigent lawful aliens and lead to absurd results .

As applied to the situation of unrestricted aliens , the three interpretations of the presence requirement suggested in the Federal Register notice would lead to unintended and absurd results .
as applied to the situation of unrestricted aliens , the three interpretations of the presence requirement suggested in the federal [sign up] notice would lead to unintended and absurd results .

H-2A Aliens The factual record before the Commission demonstrates that Congress ' purpose of providing meaningful representation to H-2A workers for claims arising under their employment contracts can not be accomplished under the original interpretations offered in the Federal Register notice .
h-2a aliens the factual record before the commission demonstrates that congress ' purpose of providing meaningful representation to h-2a workers for claims arising under their employment contracts can not be accomplished under the original interpretations offered in the federal [sign up] notice .

In 2002 , LSC posted a Request for Information in the Federal Register , as the first step to issuing a Request for Proposals to develop an outcome measurement system .
in 2002 , lsc posted a request for information in the federal [sign up] , as the first step to issuing a request for proposals to develop an outcome measurement system .

The CIA did not try to register Mihdhar or Hazmi with the State Department 's TIPOFF watchlist-either in January , when word arrived of Mihdhar 's visa , or in March , when word came that Hazmi , too , had had a U.S. visa and a ticket to Los Angeles .
the cia did not try to [sign up] mihdhar or hazmi with the state department 's tipoff watchlist-either in january , when word arrived of mihdhar 's visa , or in march , when word came that hazmi , too , had had a u.s. visa and a ticket to los angeles .

Berger wrote President Clinton that the State Department 's warning seemed to barely register with the Taliban .
berger wrote president clinton that the state department 's warning seemed to barely [sign up] with the taliban .

The two most frequently suggested remedies for the selective reporting of clinical trials results have been to register all clinical trials and to make their results publicly available .
the two most frequently suggested remedies for the selective reporting of clinical trials results have been to [sign up] all clinical trials and to make their results publicly available .

New Drug Applications Before a pharmaceutical company can conduct a US trial that it intends to use in support of a new drug application ( NDA ) , it must first register that trial with the FDA .
new drug applications before a pharmaceutical company can conduct a us trial that it intends to use in support of a new drug application ( nda ) , it must first [sign up] that trial with the fda .

However , such a mechanical system would need be fail-safe in order to avoid devastating effects ( e.g. , if the monitor were to register a falsely elevated blood glucose and thereby trigger an inappropriately high insulin dose ) .
however , such a mechanical system would need be fail-safe in order to avoid devastating effects ( e.g. , if the monitor were to [sign up] a falsely elevated blood glucose and thereby trigger an inappropriately high insulin dose ) .

Finland Dataset Mandatory reporting from all microbiological laboratories in Finland to the National Register of Infectious Disease ( http : //www3.ktl.fi/stat/ ) identified all blood and cerebrospinal fluid isolates of S. pneumoniae obtained in the years 1995–2001 .
finland dataset mandatory reporting from all microbiological laboratories in finland to the national [sign up] of infectious disease ( http : //www3.ktl.fi/stat/ ) identified all blood and cerebrospinal fluid isolates of s. pneumoniae obtained in the years 1995–2001 .

Interestingly , bees flying 200 m over water hardly appeared to register an increase in travel distance , whereas the same increase in distance flown over land resulted in a substantial increase in perceived flight distance .
interestingly , bees flying 200 m over water hardly appeared to [sign up] an increase in travel distance , whereas the same increase in distance flown over land resulted in a substantial increase in perceived flight distance .

The bloody scenes barely register .
the bloody scenes barely [sign up] .

The time to mandate that researchers do a review is much earlier—when they apply for funding , register their trial , or seek ethics committee approval .
the time to mandate that researchers do a review is much earlier—when they apply for funding , [sign up] their trial , or seek ethics committee approval .

Please call 266-9622 and ask for Mary to register your foursome early .
please call 266-9622 and ask for mary to [sign up] your foursome early .

Our brains seem to work through chemical and electrical circuits that first register bodily impressions -- whether presented from outside through the senses or internally from nerves monitoring the body or nerves monitoring the thought processes and memory .
our brains seem to work through chemical and electrical circuits that first [sign up] bodily impressions -- whether presented from outside through the senses or internally from nerves monitoring the body or nerves monitoring the thought processes and memory .

On NBC 's Meet the Press , the Des Moines Register 's David Yepsen predicts that McCain will do well in Iowa even without campaigning there , but John Bachman , of Des Moines ' WHO-TV , says that his station 's recent poll shows McCain still behind Bush by 40 points .
on nbc 's meet the press , the des moines [sign up] 's david yepsen predicts that mccain will do well in iowa even without campaigning there , but john bachman , of des moines ' who-tv , says that his station 's recent poll shows mccain still behind bush by 40 points .

These young actors register .
these young actors [sign up] .

It might be , too , that Franklin 's unhurried tempos give us plenty of time to look back on our own lives and loved ones and to think about the people whose labors we did n't register until they were gone .
it might be , too , that franklin 's unhurried tempos give us plenty of time to look back on our own lives and loved ones and to think about the people whose labors we did n't [sign up] until they were gone .

An AP story in the WP heralds yet another cyber innovation : Starting today , men can register with the Selective Service at the agency 's web site .
an ap story in the wp heralds yet another cyber innovation : starting today , men can [sign up] with the selective service at the agency 's web site .

According to the WP , executives at Mobil and Exxon forgot one thing while they were crafting their merger into the world 's largest corporation : to register their new corporate Internet address .
according to the wp , executives at mobil and exxon forgot one thing while they were crafting their merger into the world 's largest corporation : to [sign up] their new corporate internet address .

Have you ever set the dials in your head to register with maximum sensitivity any new encounter with a particular word or phrase ?
have you ever set the dials in your head to [sign up] with maximum sensitivity any new encounter with a particular word or phrase ?

Others , contrarily , find evidence of Fosse 's limits : The New York Times ' Ben Brantley writes , `` Numbers that , in the context of their original shows , sparkled with wit and vitality often register as repetitive examples of virtuosic proficiency . ''
others , contrarily , find evidence of fosse 's limits : the new york times ' ben brantley writes , `` numbers that , in the context of their original shows , sparkled with wit and vitality often [sign up] as repetitive examples of virtuosic proficiency . ''

Visit the voting site to register your vote -- it is open to all Slate subscribers .
visit the voting site to [sign up] your vote -- it is open to all slate subscribers .

Arianna Huffington is touting Levin on the air , and his book is stacked high by the register at my local Borders .
arianna huffington is touting levin on the air , and his book is stacked high by the [sign up] at my local borders .

The intimidating letter further warns that if Exley , a free-lance computer programmer in Boston , has spent more than $ 1,000 on his site , he must register it as a `` political committee , '' which means filing an even more elaborate disclosure .
the intimidating letter further warns that if exley , a free-lance computer programmer in boston , has spent more than $ 1,000 on his site , he must [sign up] it as a `` political committee , '' which means filing an even more elaborate disclosure .

You need to register ( it 's free ) , which you can do here and then subscribe to the Slate options you want ( yes , yes , that 's free too ) , which you can do right here .
you need to [sign up] ( it 's free ) , which you can do here and then subscribe to the slate options you want ( yes , yes , that 's free too ) , which you can do right here .

If RS , our bride with the tally sheet , is by any chance reading this week 's Prudie , she may be interested to know that there was much mail essentially calling her a woman with a cash register where her heart ought to be .
if rs , our bride with the tally sheet , is by any chance reading this week 's prudie , she may be interested to know that there was much mail essentially calling her a woman with a cash [sign up] where her heart ought to be .

Since that ingénue is the meltingly gorgeous Claire Forlani , it would take someone more superheroic than I to register a protest .
since that ingénue is the meltingly gorgeous claire forlani , it would take someone more superheroic than i to [sign up] a protest .

Want to register to vote ?
want to [sign up] to vote ?

On Sept. 26 , for example , Bill Bradley 's campaign conspicuously took out half-page print ads in the Des Moines Register and the Manchester Union Leader , major dailies in the crucial early states of Iowa and New Hampshire .
on sept. 26 , for example , bill bradley 's campaign conspicuously took out half-page print ads in the des moines [sign up] and the manchester union leader , major dailies in the crucial early states of iowa and new hampshire .

The Borders around the corner , which would never dream of selling dirty books , is stocking its register display this week with another kind of smut : Weather Porn .
the borders around the corner , which would never dream of selling dirty books , is stocking its [sign up] display this week with another kind of smut : weather porn .

The New York Times catalogs its articles ( and requires that you register ) and hosts a discussion .
the new york times catalogs its articles ( and requires that you [sign up] ) and hosts a discussion .

McCain thinks the fact that special interest money dominates the electoral system is a big part of the reason that a majority of 18-to-26-year-olds do n't register and do n't vote .
mccain thinks the fact that special interest money dominates the electoral system is a big part of the reason that a majority of 18-to-26-year-olds do n't [sign up] and do n't vote .

The 1997 poll , by contrast , was free-standing , but one can see how it might register false positives .
the 1997 poll , by contrast , was free-standing , but one can see how it might [sign up] false positives .

They register on the Prudometer right next to those who invite you to `` Have a nice day . ''
they [sign up] on the prudometer right next to those who invite you to `` have a nice day . ''

Baker 's pedophile is so furtive that he 's almost immobile , but we register the darting eyes under the bland , Mr. Rodgers-like façade , and as he waits for a little boy to eat a drugged tuna sandwich , we hold our breaths the way we did in Psycho when Norman Bates watched the car with the body of Marian Crane almost not sink into the swamp .
baker 's pedophile is so furtive that he 's almost immobile , but we [sign up] the darting eyes under the bland , mr. rodgers-like façade , and as he waits for a little boy to eat a drugged tuna sandwich , we hold our breaths the way we did in psycho when norman bates watched the car with the body of marian crane almost not sink into the swamp .

You can always register later .
you can always [sign up] later .

That 's why , as a campaign manager , I advise my candidates to be sexually unthreatening , have very little body hair , and possess voices that can effortlessly lift an inoffensive pop tune well into the soprano register .
that 's why , as a campaign manager , i advise my candidates to be sexually unthreatening , have very little body hair , and possess voices that can effortlessly lift an inoffensive pop tune well into the soprano [sign up] .

The paper requires readers to register with a screen-name , but does n't require real names .
the paper requires readers to [sign up] with a screen-name , but does n't require real names .

To add half a million readers , or even half that number , Willes will need to steal subscribers from the 18 other newspapers in the Los Angeles area , including the Orange County Register and the Los Angeles Daily News .
to add half a million readers , or even half that number , willes will need to steal subscribers from the 18 other newspapers in the los angeles area , including the orange county [sign up] and the los angeles daily news .

You can not register to vote online .
you can not [sign up] to vote online .

What you can do now , however , is register to register online .
what you can do now , however , is [sign up] to [sign up] online .

Any person who visits the Greenpeace Web site will be encouraged to register to vote .
any person who visits the greenpeace web site will be encouraged to [sign up] to vote .

People who register to vote when they are engaged by a political Web site are more likely to turn out than folks who register while waiting in line at the DMV .
people who [sign up] to vote when they are engaged by a political web site are more likely to turn out than folks who [sign up] while waiting in line at the dmv .

People are more likely to vote if they are reminded close to Election Day about the issue that made them register in the first place .
people are more likely to vote if they are reminded close to election day about the issue that made them [sign up] in the first place .

You must register in order to post a message ( it 's easy and free ) , but you can `` lurk '' -- i.e. , read what other people are saying -- without registering .
you must [sign up] in order to post a message ( it 's easy and free ) , but you can `` lurk '' -- i.e. , read what other people are saying -- without registering .

Slate BiasServer TM applies this concept to the magazine world : You 'll register your views just once , and Slate will thereafter recognize your browser and serve up opinion and analysis that reconfirm your prejudices .
slate biasserver tm applies this concept to the magazine world : you 'll [sign up] your views just once , and slate will thereafter recognize your browser and serve up opinion and analysis that reconfirm your prejudices .

In South Africa , the Cape Times warned that `` millions of South Africans could find themselves effectively disenfranchised barely five years after the country became a democracy '' if the government continues insisting that all citizens possess a new identity document if they are to register as voters in next year 's general election .
in south africa , the cape times warned that `` millions of south africans could find themselves effectively disenfranchised barely five years after the country became a democracy '' if the government continues insisting that all citizens possess a new identity document if they are to [sign up] as voters in next year 's general election .

All 18-year-old Puerto Rican males must register for the draft , just like U.S. residents .
all 18-year-old puerto rican males must [sign up] for the draft , just like u.s. residents .

When Liz processes the facts of Max 's non-humanity , the scene lasts a minute or two , an eternity in TV time , in order to register her sequence of expressions : incredulity , hilarity , disgust at the cheesiness of the whole idea , terror , longing .
when liz processes the facts of max 's non-humanity , the scene lasts a minute or two , an eternity in tv time , in order to [sign up] her sequence of expressions : incredulity , hilarity , disgust at the cheesiness of the whole idea , terror , longing .

Those falsetto timbres of his make a searing tone , even in a middle register , where tones are usually not searing , and the sound is an X-ray , which penetrates everywhere .
those falsetto timbres of his make a searing tone , even in a middle [sign up] , where tones are usually not searing , and the sound is an x-ray , which penetrates everywhere .

The cashier must be paid , the cash register bought , the bookkeeper hired , etc .
the cashier must be paid , the cash [sign up] bought , the bookkeeper hired , etc .

Chatterbox will simply observe that the great American film epic derived from the Federal Register 's fine print has yet to be realized .
chatterbox will simply observe that the great american film epic derived from the federal [sign up] 's fine print has yet to be realized .

His early poems register both geographical distances and the divisions within himself .
his early poems [sign up] both geographical distances and the divisions within himself .

Both deals will allow car buyers and owners to register to receive model-specific e-mail from the manufacturers and dealers covering everything from oil changes to rebates .
both deals will allow car buyers and owners to [sign up] to receive model-specific e-mail from the manufacturers and dealers covering everything from oil changes to rebates .

In today 's Des Moines Register debate in Iowa , Gore was truly formidable , performing better than he has in any of his five previous encounters with Bill Bradley .
in today 's des moines [sign up] debate in iowa , gore was truly formidable , performing better than he has in any of his five previous encounters with bill bradley .

Characters register information with the tiniest of gestures -- all Edie Falco has to do is not move her facial muscles when her priest and would-be lover lets something slip that suggests he may be toying with her , and we know that Carmela Soprano just grasped something important .
characters [sign up] information with the tiniest of gestures -- all edie falco has to do is not move her facial muscles when her priest and would-be lover lets something slip that suggests he may be toying with her , and we know that carmela soprano just grasped something important .

As a simple matter of course , as soon as a manuscript is completed , its author should formally register it with The Gummint .
as a simple matter of course , as soon as a manuscript is completed , its author should formally [sign up] it with the gummint .

It 's as if the light has had to pass through layer upon layer of dust and fog , so that only the faded yellows , oranges , and the occasional green of some wallpaper register amid the ashy grays .
it 's as if the light has had to pass through layer upon layer of dust and fog , so that only the faded yellows , oranges , and the occasional green of some wallpaper [sign up] amid the ashy grays .

As a miffed scientist , I wish to register my protestations about Timothy Noah 's `` . ''
as a miffed scientist , i wish to [sign up] my protestations about timothy noah 's `` . ''

Second , you register your eBook and get an ID and a password .
second , you [sign up] your ebook and get an id and a password .

To get a sense of how valuable targeting is to advertisers , the New York Times -- which makes you give demographic information in order to register for the site -- charges four cents for a banner ad that 's shown to everyone and six cents for one that is targeted .
to get a sense of how valuable targeting is to advertisers , the new york times -- which makes you give demographic information in order to [sign up] for the site -- charges four cents for a banner ad that 's shown to everyone and six cents for one that is targeted .

The philosophical puzzles -- about chance and order , appearance and reality , science and art -- are increasingly tethered , in plays such as The Real Thing , Arcadia , and The Invention of Love , to a more conventionally theatrical register of feeling .
the philosophical puzzles -- about chance and order , appearance and reality , science and art -- are increasingly tethered , in plays such as the real thing , arcadia , and the invention of love , to a more conventionally theatrical [sign up] of feeling .

He says in his with Margaret Carlson : `` register them and license those who would use them . ''
he says in his with margaret carlson : `` [sign up] them and license those who would use them . ''

The American Film Institute drew up a register of the 100 greatest American films ever made .
the american film institute drew up a [sign up] of the 100 greatest american films ever made .

The agency insists that it published the KYC in the Federal Register for comment -- which is the way of all new federal regulations -- to accommodate the Fed and to standardize the banking regulations .
the agency insists that it published the kyc in the federal [sign up] for comment -- which is the way of all new federal regulations -- to accommodate the fed and to standardize the banking regulations .

Here , as elsewhere , Reedus is remarkable , his face both masklike and porous , so that you never consciously register the ways in which Harry is dissolving before your eyes -- but you 're not in the least surprised when he does .
here , as elsewhere , reedus is remarkable , his face both masklike and porous , so that you never consciously [sign up] the ways in which harry is dissolving before your eyes -- but you 're not in the least surprised when he does .

If the cashier is to give you coins first , he must either make two passes at you , first with the coins and then with the bills , or he must hold the coins in his hand while he fishes the bills out of the cash register .
if the cashier is to give you coins first , he must either make two passes at you , first with the coins and then with the bills , or he must hold the coins in his hand while he fishes the bills out of the cash [sign up] .

My boyfriend is afraid she will not welcome me with open arms out of fear her son will wind up out of the Social Register .
my boyfriend is afraid she will not welcome me with open arms out of fear her son will wind up out of the social [sign up] .

Prudie has zero tolerance for this kind of thinking and , as a matter of fact , has always considered the Social Register the American Kennel Club for humans .
prudie has zero tolerance for this kind of thinking and , as a matter of fact , has always considered the social [sign up] the american kennel club for humans .

Every 15 minutes the People Meters , small black boxes containing a tiny computer linked to a modem , register whether a set is turned on and , if so , the channel to which it is tuned .
every 15 minutes the people meters , small black boxes containing a tiny computer linked to a modem , [sign up] whether a set is turned on and , if so , the channel to which it is tuned .

Attached to the box is a remote-controllike device with buttons that viewers push to register their age and sex each time they watch television .
attached to the box is a remote-controllike device with buttons that viewers push to [sign up] their age and sex each time they watch television .

Several states have bills pending that would require bounty hunters to register with police , take more extensive training courses , and obey procedural constraints that apply to police , such as announcing themselves before entering a private home .
several states have bills pending that would require bounty hunters to [sign up] with police , take more extensive training courses , and obey procedural constraints that apply to police , such as announcing themselves before entering a private home .

Of course , you can still sign up for the last few weeks of free e-mail delivery of Slate on Paper or Today 's Papers , and you can still register free ( required for posting in `` The Fray '' and some other Slate features ) .
of course , you can still sign up for the last few weeks of free e-mail delivery of slate on paper or today 's papers , and you can still [sign up] free ( required for posting in `` the fray '' and some other slate features ) .

You can only vote once ( you have to register ) , but you can change your vote as often as you like as the Dialogue proceeds .
you can only vote once ( you have to [sign up] ) , but you can change your vote as often as you like as the dialogue proceeds .

Resign and register his ethical concerns with the NIH ?
resign and [sign up] his ethical concerns with the nih ?

Clothes , no matter how outrageous , do n't register by themselves .
clothes , no matter how outrageous , do n't [sign up] by themselves .

The most surprising result is the number of commonplace expressions that seem no longer to be all that common -- that did not register at all or `` fell on rocky ground '' ( Matthew 13:5 ) .
the most surprising result is the number of commonplace expressions that seem no longer to be all that common -- that did not [sign up] at all or `` fell on rocky ground '' ( matthew 13:5 ) .

Fashion journalists covering the couture are careful to explain the precise tailoring and the deft application of the paillettes , since most of it is n't meant to register on the scanning gaze .
fashion journalists covering the couture are careful to explain the precise tailoring and the deft application of the paillettes , since most of it is n't meant to [sign up] on the scanning gaze .

The official regulations themselves -- that is to say , the entire contents of the daily Federal Register -- must come into compliance by Jan. 1 , 1999 .
the official regulations themselves -- that is to say , the entire contents of the daily federal [sign up] -- must come into compliance by jan. 1 , 1999 .

Should the cleanup include all back issues of the Federal Register ?
should the cleanup include all back issues of the federal [sign up] ?

Both the NYT and the WP ( which has been hitting such stories hard lately ) report inside that dissidents attempting to register a democratically oriented political party in various parts of China were detained by police .
both the nyt and the wp ( which has been hitting such stories hard lately ) report inside that dissidents attempting to [sign up] a democratically oriented political party in various parts of china were detained by police .

The Australian National Dictionary was published in that year and , for the first time , it has been possible to assemble and describe the set of lexical innovations used in one particular semantic field , that is , the words and meanings of words that register perceptions and utilizations of the Australian environment .
the australian national dictionary was published in that year and , for the first time , it has been possible to assemble and describe the set of lexical innovations used in one particular semantic field , that is , the words and meanings of words that [sign up] perceptions and utilizations of the australian environment .

An Israeli girl who found lodgings in Weech Road , Hampstead , found herself involved in an Abbott and Costello routine every time she went to register as an alien at the local police station .
an israeli girl who found lodgings in weech road , hampstead , found herself involved in an abbott and costello routine every time she went to [sign up] as an alien at the local police station .

Laurence Urdang The Longman Register of New Words John Ayto has drawn on a world of English-language newspapers and magazines for the citations in this interesting and useful book .
laurence urdang the longman [sign up] of new words john ayto has drawn on a world of english-language newspapers and magazines for the citations in this interesting and useful book .

For example , a dealer in stolen automobiles with the telephone number 468-2277 could tell customers to dial HOT CARS ; a psychiatric clinic with the number 578-6887 could tell patients to phone 5 , R U NUTS ( or U R NUTS ) ; dial PLUMBER ( 758-6237 ) if you have a leak , COLLEGE ( 265-5343 ) to register for extention courses .
for example , a dealer in stolen automobiles with the telephone number 468-2277 could tell customers to dial hot cars ; a psychiatric clinic with the number 578-6887 could tell patients to phone 5 , r u nuts ( or u r nuts ) ; dial plumber ( 758-6237 ) if you have a leak , college ( 265-5343 ) to [sign up] for extention courses .

Mr. Dickson says , for instance , that he has long had a special passion for apple names , and quotes several hundred of them , but he ignores the National Apple Register of the United Kingdom , by uriel W.G .
mr. dickson says , for instance , that he has long had a special passion for apple names , and quotes several hundred of them , but he ignores the national apple [sign up] of the united kingdom , by uriel w.g .

Do they too , like non-Italians , succumb to the music of these names and neglect to register their meaning ?
do they too , like non-italians , succumb to the music of these names and neglect to [sign up] their meaning ?

Still , none of the new-words dictionaries I checked , including the Longman Register of New Words ( edited by John Ayto ; Longman , 1989 ) and the Facts on File Dictionary of New Words ( edited by LeMay , Lerner and Taylor ; Facts on File , 1988 ) had an entry for pixelization ` the appearance of pixels ( dots that make up a computer-screen image ) in a computer graphic , a mark of lower resolution . '
still , none of the new-words dictionaries i checked , including the longman [sign up] of new words ( edited by john ayto ; longman , 1989 ) and the facts on file dictionary of new words ( edited by lemay , lerner and taylor ; facts on file , 1988 ) had an entry for pixelization ` the appearance of pixels ( dots that make up a computer-screen image ) in a computer graphic , a mark of lower resolution . '

