The company has billed the United States Government for $7,500,000 of these expenses under the Defense Department regulation allowing costs of a type generally recognized as ordinary and necessary for the conduct of the contractor's business .
the company has billed the united states government for $7,500,000 of these expenses under the defense department [rule] allowing costs of a type generally recognized as ordinary and necessary for the conduct of the contractor's business .

A further regulation is that commands always go down , unaccompanied by statements , and statements always go up , unaccompanied by commands .
a further [rule] is that commands always go down , unaccompanied by statements , and statements always go up , unaccompanied by commands .

Yet they have accepted most of the extant `` welfare state '' provisions for health , security , and the regulation of economic affairs , and they overwhelmingly approve of the traditional `` liberalism '' of the Bill of Rights .
yet they have accepted most of the extant `` welfare state '' provisions for health , security , and the [rule] of economic affairs , and they overwhelmingly approve of the traditional `` liberalism '' of the bill of rights .

Religion is vitally necessary in both societal maintenance and regulation .
religion is vitally necessary in both societal maintenance and [rule] .

By these measures , Congress , so the Court ( in effect ) now decides , gave not only needless but inadequate relief , since it now appears that the federal courts have inherent power to sterilize the Act of 1875 against all proceedings challenging local regulation '' .
by these measures , congress , so the court ( in effect ) now decides , gave not only needless but inadequate relief , since it now appears that the federal courts have inherent power to sterilize the act of 1875 against all proceedings challenging local [rule] '' .

The pertinent regulation for our purposes is Section 602.2 ( , ) , as follows :
the pertinent [rule] for our purposes is section 602.2 ( , ) , as follows :

In analyzing this regulation , let us take the last sentence first .
in analyzing this [rule] , let us take the last sentence first .

It is the first part of the Regulation that is currently at issue .
it is the first part of the [rule] that is currently at issue .

Accordingly , under clause ( 1 ) of the Secretary's Regulation , we suspended referrals to the employer .
accordingly , under clause ( 1 ) of the secretary's [rule] , we suspended referrals to the employer .

However , the Attorney General of California , at the request of the Secretary of Labor , sought to have the jurisdiction over the issue removed to the Federal District Court , on grounds that it was predominantly a Federal issue since the validity of the Secretary's Regulation was being challenged .
however , the attorney general of california , at the request of the secretary of labor , sought to have the jurisdiction over the issue removed to the federal district court , on grounds that it was predominantly a federal issue since the validity of the secretary's [rule] was being challenged .

The growers have strenuously argued that I should have accepted the Superior Court decisions as conclusive and issued statewide instructions to our staff to ignore this provision in the Secretary's Regulation .
the growers have strenuously argued that i should have accepted the superior court decisions as conclusive and issued statewide instructions to our staff to ignore this provision in the secretary's [rule] .

But over and beyond the compelling need for a binding precedent decision , I am convinced that the decisions of the Superior Courts which in effect nullify the Secretary's Regulation are not a correct interpretation of the Secretary's power under the Federal law .
but over and beyond the compelling need for a binding precedent decision , i am convinced that the decisions of the superior courts which in effect nullify the secretary's [rule] are not a correct interpretation of the secretary's power under the federal law .

Thus far , the cases which have come before the courts have involved only the issue of referral where the job is vacant due to a strike -- condition ( 1 ) in the Regulation of the Secretary .
thus far , the cases which have come before the courts have involved only the issue of referral where the job is vacant due to a strike -- condition ( 1 ) in the [rule] of the secretary .

Now that's not regulation , is it '' ? ?
now that's not [rule] , is it '' ? ?

The Calcutt inquiry into press self regulation is expected to report back next year .
the calcutt inquiry into press self [rule] is expected to report back next year .

Besides promoting flexible working conditions , the guidelines underline the need for stringent regulation of these to achieve genuine benefits for women .
besides promoting flexible working conditions , the guidelines underline the need for stringent [rule] of these to achieve genuine benefits for women .

The Scottish Office , for example , has not moved to higher building regulation standards .
the scottish office , for example , has not moved to higher building [rule] standards .

Meanwhile , the need to separate the supply of water services from their regulation and the enforcement of health and safety standards is highlighted in a response by Scottish Natural Heritage to the Government 's consultation paper on water services .
meanwhile , the need to separate the supply of water services from their [rule] and the enforcement of health and safety standards is highlighted in a response by scottish natural heritage to the government 's consultation paper on water services .

There are people [ in Europe ] who want to bring back regulation and we will encourage them .
there are people [ in europe ] who want to bring back [rule] and we will encourage them .

‘ Regulation of banking and financial services is in desperate need of overhaul .
‘ [rule] of banking and financial services is in desperate need of overhaul .

The overwhelming majority of the group , which is chaired by Magnus Magnusson , chairman of Scottish Natural Heritage , backs voluntary regulation .
the overwhelming majority of the group , which is chaired by magnus magnusson , chairman of scottish natural heritage , backs voluntary [rule] .

The Government is preparing its own white paper on regulation of the press for this summer and the MPs hope many of the measures they propose will be included .
the government is preparing its own white paper on [rule] of the press for this summer and the mps hope many of the measures they propose will be included .

He came home in a regulation 36 to show that his relative lack of length need not be a handicap on this king-size seaside course .
he came home in a [rule] 36 to show that his relative lack of length need not be a handicap on this king-size seaside course .

Perhaps the relationship between academic staff and student is essentially different so that regulation is required .
perhaps the relationship between academic staff and student is essentially different so that [rule] is required .

It is also entirely possible that the public may be less exercised about this matter than are newspapers , and perhaps less hostile to the notion of regulation .
it is also entirely possible that the public may be less exercised about this matter than are newspapers , and perhaps less hostile to the notion of [rule] .

Mr Kaufman insisted that he opposed statutory regulation , and that the report amounted to a request for self-regulation .
mr kaufman insisted that he opposed statutory [rule] , and that the report amounted to a request for self-regulation .

Britain 's regulation to the bottom of the class was ‘ damaging the economy in the long-term ’ , they believed .
britain 's [rule] to the bottom of the class was ‘ damaging the economy in the long-term ’ , they believed .

The day before the Sale it was calculated that we had 640 of our ‘ regulation ’ boxes ( given to us by the china shops ) filled with about 26,000 books – all sorted and priced by then .
the day before the sale it was calculated that we had 640 of our ‘ [rule] ’ boxes ( given to us by the china shops ) filled with about 26,000 books – all sorted and priced by then .

The regulation of pension funds tends to be far lighter than for insurance companies as they are bound by trust legislation , and because the companies that offer pensions have an incentive to make sure that schemes are adequately administered as they are responsible for the benefits they have agreed upon for their employees ( even though they rarely run the fund themselves ) .
the [rule] of pension funds tends to be far lighter than for insurance companies as they are bound by trust legislation , and because the companies that offer pensions have an incentive to make sure that schemes are adequately administered as they are responsible for the benefits they have agreed upon for their employees ( even though they rarely run the fund themselves ) .

Central Bank regulation of domestic markets .
central bank [rule] of domestic markets .

Lack of regulation of Euromarkets by Central banks .
lack of [rule] of euromarkets by central banks .

6 . Central Bank Regulation of Domestic Markets
6 . central bank [rule] of domestic markets

Specific examples of such regulation are given in 5 above .
specific examples of such [rule] are given in 5 above .

7 . Lack of Regulation of Euromarkets by Central Banks
7 . lack of [rule] of euromarkets by central banks

One aim of securities market regulation is to ensure that operations in the markets are conducted under transparent rules relating to information on fees , commissions and prices .
one aim of securities market [rule] is to ensure that operations in the markets are conducted under transparent rules relating to information on fees , commissions and prices .

Like any financial business , Stock Exchange members are subject to prudential regulation .
like any financial business , stock exchange members are subject to prudential [rule] .

Regulation of takeovers comes under three forms — monopolies and mergers policy , operated by the Monopolies and Mergers Commission and the Office of Fair Trading , company law overseen by the Department of Trade and Industry , and the conduct of companies during bids under the City Code of the Takeover Panel .
[rule] of takeovers comes under three forms — monopolies and mergers policy , operated by the monopolies and mergers commission and the office of fair trading , company law overseen by the department of trade and industry , and the conduct of companies during bids under the city code of the takeover panel .

Regulation can best be divided into structural regulation , prudential regulation and investor protection , although there are significant linkages between the three .
[rule] can best be divided into structural [rule] , prudential [rule] and investor protection , although there are significant linkages between the three .

Structural regulation refers to the type of activities that different categories of financial institution are permitted to carry out , and prudential regulation refers to supervision in terms of , inter alia , liquidity , capital adequacy and solvency of financial institutions .
structural [rule] refers to the type of activities that different categories of financial institution are permitted to carry out , and prudential [rule] refers to supervision in terms of , inter alia , liquidity , capital adequacy and solvency of financial institutions .

The term ‘ supervision ’ is used here to mean the monitoring of financial institutions for investor protection , prudential regulation , and structural regulation purposes combined .
the term ‘ supervision ’ is used here to mean the monitoring of financial institutions for investor protection , prudential [rule] , and structural [rule] purposes combined .

Investor protection legislation overlaps with both prudential and structural regulation in that the investor is in theory protected from financial institutions becoming insolvent through excessive risk-taking and protected from conflicts of interest by separation of types of business , but also extends much further into the manner in which investment business is carried out — the size of commissions , advertising regulations , cold calling etc .
investor protection legislation overlaps with both prudential and structural [rule] in that the investor is in theory protected from financial institutions becoming insolvent through excessive risk-taking and protected from conflicts of interest by separation of types of business , but also extends much further into the manner in which investment business is carried out — the size of commissions , advertising regulations , cold calling etc .

These three types of regulation can all be carried out through formal legal rules , through self-imposed rules or self-regulation , or some combination of all of these .
these three types of [rule] can all be carried out through formal legal rules , through self-imposed rules or self-regulation , or some combination of all of these .

Regulation has both a micro and a macro aspect ( Llewellyn 1986 ) .
[rule] has both a micro and a macro aspect ( llewellyn 1986 ) .

In standard economic theory it is argued that regulation is required if market failures occur .
in standard economic theory it is argued that [rule] is required if market failures occur .

Care needs to be taken to ensure that regulation does not impair the efficiency of the financial system .
care needs to be taken to ensure that [rule] does not impair the efficiency of the financial system .

All forms of regulation have come under intense scrutiny in recent years .
all forms of [rule] have come under intense scrutiny in recent years .

The main difficulty is to get the right balance between regulation and competition .
the main difficulty is to get the right balance between [rule] and competition .

Prudential regulation is necessary to protect customers and to provide stability to the financial system , and one of its major functions is to deter financial institutions from taking on excessive levels of risk .
prudential [rule] is necessary to protect customers and to provide stability to the financial system , and one of its major functions is to deter financial institutions from taking on excessive levels of risk .

Figure 12.1 outlines the major regulatory responsibilities and enactments relating to financial regulation .
figure 12.1 outlines the major regulatory responsibilities and enactments relating to financial [rule] .

Figure 12.1 Regulation ( Simplified )
figure 12.1 [rule] ( simplified )

Figure 12.2 shows in chronological order the various recent studies of investor protection carried out and the subsequent system of regulation as embodied in the Financial Services Act , 1986 .
figure 12.2 shows in chronological order the various recent studies of investor protection carried out and the subsequent system of [rule] as embodied in the financial services act , 1986 .

The traditional style of regulation involved members ‘ clubs ’ and the ability of this system to work depended largely on maintaining a relatively small grouping of members through maintaining effective barriers to entry — the Stock Exchange being a prime example here .
the traditional style of [rule] involved members ‘ clubs ’ and the ability of this system to work depended largely on maintaining a relatively small grouping of members through maintaining effective barriers to entry — the stock exchange being a prime example here .

Regulation can also be categorised as formal or informal in that it can be set according to statutes and rules , or set informally through self regulation or some form of implicit agreement .
[rule] can also be categorised as formal or informal in that it can be set according to statutes and rules , or set informally through self [rule] or some form of implicit agreement .

Implicit agreements or what might be called self-imposed regulation ( as in the Building Society sector and the Stock Exchange in the past ) have tended to be eroded by competition or the need to compete .
implicit agreements or what might be called self-imposed [rule] ( as in the building society sector and the stock exchange in the past ) have tended to be eroded by competition or the need to compete .

In general , regulation has become formal with more specific guidelines and rules than in the past , coupled with the abolition of many informal agreements such as the minimum commission system and single capacity of the stock exchange , and the interest rate cartel of the building societies .
in general , [rule] has become formal with more specific guidelines and rules than in the past , coupled with the abolition of many informal agreements such as the minimum commission system and single capacity of the stock exchange , and the interest rate cartel of the building societies .

Self regulation relies heavily upon the expertise and experience of market practitioners who can formulate rules and regulations that are acceptable to both players and regulators .
self [rule] relies heavily upon the expertise and experience of market practitioners who can formulate rules and regulations that are acceptable to both players and regulators .

Indeed , it could be argued that it would not have been possible to allow greater competition without changes in regulation to counteract the increased levels of risk that comes with more intense competition .
indeed , it could be argued that it would not have been possible to allow greater competition without changes in [rule] to counteract the increased levels of risk that comes with more intense competition .

Prior to the Financial Services Act regulation was largely aimed at ensuring the honesty of providers of financial services , and to stop fraudulent malpractice .
prior to the financial services act [rule] was largely aimed at ensuring the honesty of providers of financial services , and to stop fraudulent malpractice .

Ensuring the honesty of those supplying services and advice has been the main raison d'être for regulation .
ensuring the honesty of those supplying services and advice has been the main raison d'être for [rule] .

The Gower Report extended the concept of regulation further to encompass the competence of suppliers of financial services , as well as their honesty .
the gower report extended the concept of [rule] further to encompass the competence of suppliers of financial services , as well as their honesty .

The individual supervisors will still carry out their duties , but the lead supervisor will ultimately be responsible for the regulation of conglomerates .
the individual supervisors will still carry out their duties , but the lead supervisor will ultimately be responsible for the [rule] of conglomerates .

There has , however , been considerable unease amongst institutions as to the complexity of the rule books , the cost of regulation , and the wide range of regulators involved within the system .
there has , however , been considerable unease amongst institutions as to the complexity of the rule books , the cost of [rule] , and the wide range of regulators involved within the system .

Such a situation appears to face problems of cooperation amongst the relevant authorities , questions of who is ultimately responsible , and concern as to the cost of regulation .
such a situation appears to face problems of cooperation amongst the relevant authorities , questions of who is ultimately responsible , and concern as to the cost of [rule] .

Gower argued that the evidence from the United States shows that regulation does not affect market efficiency either beneficially or adversely .
gower argued that the evidence from the united states shows that [rule] does not affect market efficiency either beneficially or adversely .

With regard to honesty , it could be argued that no system of regulation can ever deter the truly criminally minded from attempting to defraud the investing public .
with regard to honesty , it could be argued that no system of [rule] can ever deter the truly criminally minded from attempting to defraud the investing public .

Anecdotal evidence suggests that the current system of regulation has failed on both counts .
anecdotal evidence suggests that the current system of [rule] has failed on both counts .

It appears that regulation has not been tightened after the Barlow Clowes affair , nor have the lessons been learned .
it appears that [rule] has not been tightened after the barlow clowes affair , nor have the lessons been learned .

This latter implicitly calls for more funding and hence an even more costly burden of regulation .
this latter implicitly calls for more funding and hence an even more costly burden of [rule] .

The Building Societies Act was a response to structural changes in the financial services market , whereas the Banking Act and the Financial Services Act were responses to cases of fraud and bad practice , and as such are ‘ defensive ’ forms of regulation that might have been expected to be overdetailed and expensive to implement ( Goodhart 1988 ) .
the building societies act was a response to structural changes in the financial services market , whereas the banking act and the financial services act were responses to cases of fraud and bad practice , and as such are ‘ defensive ’ forms of [rule] that might have been expected to be overdetailed and expensive to implement ( goodhart 1988 ) .

Excessive regulation may also be an effective barrier to entry , thus reducing competition and providing large profits for the incumbents .
excessive [rule] may also be an effective barrier to entry , thus reducing competition and providing large profits for the incumbents .

Concern has been raised about the costs of regulation .
concern has been raised about the costs of [rule] .

Hall ( 1987 ) argues that most regulation is simply added on to existing frameworks ( often as the result of specific frauds or crises ) rather than building up new systems , and that the efficiency of regulation suffers as a result and costs escalate .
hall ( 1987 ) argues that most [rule] is simply added on to existing frameworks ( often as the result of specific frauds or crises ) rather than building up new systems , and that the efficiency of [rule] suffers as a result and costs escalate .

The direct costs of financial regulation are estimated at over £100 million per year in running costs ( Lomax 1987 ) , and some ( e.g .
the direct costs of financial [rule] are estimated at over £100 million per year in running costs ( lomax 1987 ) , and some ( e.g .

It is often argued that the costs of regulation are front-end loaded , with the majority of costs being met with the startup of the SROs , subsequent running costs being minimal compared with the turnover of most financial institutions .
it is often argued that the costs of [rule] are front-end loaded , with the majority of costs being met with the startup of the sros , subsequent running costs being minimal compared with the turnover of most financial institutions .

The fact is , transition to the simpler rules will involve costs , though at the end of the day it will make for more cost effective regulation than the present encyclopedias .
the fact is , transition to the simpler rules will involve costs , though at the end of the day it will make for more cost effective [rule] than the present encyclopedias .

Another consequence is seen to be the lower degree of legal regulation of industrial relations in Britain compared with countries where the labour movement developed in the context of a strong state ( see Bean 1985 : ch .
another consequence is seen to be the lower degree of legal [rule] of industrial relations in britain compared with countries where the labour movement developed in the context of a strong state ( see bean 1985 : ch .

For example , autonomous grass roots organization at the workplace was officially tolerated at certain times , despite continuing repression , and the introduction of collective bargaining from the 1960s , particularly in the modern , foreign-controlled sectors of manufacturing , loosened the state 's tight control over the regulation of labour .
for example , autonomous grass roots organization at the workplace was officially tolerated at certain times , despite continuing repression , and the introduction of collective bargaining from the 1960s , particularly in the modern , foreign-controlled sectors of manufacturing , loosened the state 's tight control over the [rule] of labour .

The distinctive features of railway activities affect organization and management-workforce relations independently of the fact that in most countries of the world the major railway networks are owned and run by the state , and everywhere without exception they are subject to close state regulation .
the distinctive features of railway activities affect organization and management-workforce relations independently of the fact that in most countries of the world the major railway networks are owned and run by the state , and everywhere without exception they are subject to close state [rule] .

The price of competitive development was overbuilding , which in other countries had been controlled by government regulation .
the price of competitive development was overbuilding , which in other countries had been controlled by government [rule] .

The success of this strategy led , despite a more repressive turn from the later part of the 1960s , to the undermining from within of the formal Francoist system of labour regulation .
the success of this strategy led , despite a more repressive turn from the later part of the 1960s , to the undermining from within of the formal francoist system of labour [rule] .

Traditional Patterns of Industrial Relations : Joint Regulation , Centralization and Conflict Avoidance
traditional patterns of industrial relations : joint [rule] , centralization and conflict avoidance

The use of legal paths of dispute settlement reflects the much greater role of legal regulation of labour relations in the Spanish system than in Britain .
the use of legal paths of dispute settlement reflects the much greater role of legal [rule] of labour relations in the spanish system than in britain .

The European Commission draft regulation seems to permit you to be made anywhere .
the european commission draft [rule] seems to permit you to be made anywhere .

Registration committee chairman Dennis Silk said there are still ‘ misunderstandings ’ about the regulation dealing with extraordinary registrations and added : ‘ The Board is preparing a simplified guide to the relevant rules , which will be issued shortly to all cricketers .
registration committee chairman dennis silk said there are still ‘ misunderstandings ’ about the [rule] dealing with extraordinary registrations and added : ‘ the board is preparing a simplified guide to the relevant rules , which will be issued shortly to all cricketers .

The story has now prompted a response from Mr John Dumigan , acting chief officer for the South Eastern Group of Councils for Building Regulation Control , who has outlined the exact situation faced by buildings open to the public .
the story has now prompted a response from mr john dumigan , acting chief officer for the south eastern group of councils for building [rule] control , who has outlined the exact situation faced by buildings open to the public .

The DoE spokesman said : ‘ This issue is governed by the Waste Collection and Disposal Regulation ( 1992 ) , which sets out various categories of waste that are lifted .
the doe spokesman said : ‘ this issue is governed by the waste collection and disposal [rule] ( 1992 ) , which sets out various categories of waste that are lifted .

‘ This is governed by the Waste Collection and Disposal Regulation ( 1992 ) , which sets out various categories of waste which are lifted .
‘ this is governed by the waste collection and disposal [rule] ( 1992 ) , which sets out various categories of waste which are lifted .

‘ Each council can decide what to do and interpret the regulation and law to fit its own area .
‘ each council can decide what to do and interpret the [rule] and law to fit its own area .

But anything outside that is a matter for governmental regulation , and not for parliamentary laws .
but anything outside that is a matter for governmental [rule] , and not for parliamentary laws .

If we consider how intonation may be studied in relation to discourse , we can identify two main areas : one of them is the use of intonation to focus the listener 's attention on aspects of the message that are most important , and the other is concerned with the regulation of conversational behaviour .
if we consider how intonation may be studied in relation to discourse , we can identify two main areas : one of them is the use of intonation to focus the listener 's attention on aspects of the message that are most important , and the other is concerned with the [rule] of conversational behaviour .

We now turn to the second main area of intonational discourse function , the regulation of conversational behaviour .
we now turn to the second main area of intonational discourse function , the [rule] of conversational behaviour .

As far as the Government was concerned industry-wide regulation of employment , recruitment , discipline , dismissal and the like was no longer compatible with a modern transport industry .
as far as the government was concerned industry-wide [rule] of employment , recruitment , discipline , dismissal and the like was no longer compatible with a modern transport industry .

Stricter regulation of health and safety standards is called for .
stricter [rule] of health and safety standards is called for .

But theatre-goers expecting a regulation production of Measure for Measure at Chester 's Gateway Theatre will be in for a surprise this is in modern dress .
but theatre-goers expecting a [rule] production of measure for measure at chester 's gateway theatre will be in for a surprise this is in modern dress .

The trend is one of fewer prosecutions in spite of the fact that environmental regulation is becoming stricter across the world .
the trend is one of fewer prosecutions in spite of the fact that environmental [rule] is becoming stricter across the world .

David Gilford , for instance , hits the fairway with his tee shot at least 80 % of the time , Tony Johnstone gets up and down from greenside bunkers around 90 % of the time and , just as remarkable , Colin Montgomerie hits 77 % of greens in regulation .
david gilford , for instance , hits the fairway with his tee shot at least 80 % of the time , tony johnstone gets up and down from greenside bunkers around 90 % of the time and , just as remarkable , colin montgomerie hits 77 % of greens in [rule] .

It is usual to keep one at least one specially cooled aquarium with supplementary tanks without temperature regulation .
it is usual to keep one at least one specially cooled aquarium with supplementary tanks without temperature [rule] .

The Gaian school of Earth temperature regulation .
the gaian school of earth temperature [rule] .

The abiotic school of Earth temperature regulation .
the abiotic school of earth temperature [rule] .

One theory says biochemical mechanisms to control the regulation of growth of some part of the organisms , say hormones or fur , may themselves become fault , or the conveyed messages over aeons may change , or the genes may suddenly switch off to inhibit the growth of winter fur of an animal used to northern climes .
one theory says biochemical mechanisms to control the [rule] of growth of some part of the organisms , say hormones or fur , may themselves become fault , or the conveyed messages over aeons may change , or the genes may suddenly switch off to inhibit the growth of winter fur of an animal used to northern climes .

In the meantime , ecological stress continued to make its mark felt , and an interrelationship between climatic change and physiological temperature regulation became even more apparent .
in the meantime , ecological stress continued to make its mark felt , and an interrelationship between climatic change and physiological temperature [rule] became even more apparent .

Indeed , although such characteristics are commonly thought to be the domain of animals and birds , the evidence shows that thermogenic regulation first occurred in the reptiles .
indeed , although such characteristics are commonly thought to be the domain of animals and birds , the evidence shows that thermogenic [rule] first occurred in the reptiles .

The regulation of core temperatures of ectotherms via solar radiation .
the [rule] of core temperatures of ectotherms via solar radiation .

Temperature regulation in tachymetabolic species in which core temperatures remain roughly steady despite ambient temperature changes .
temperature [rule] in tachymetabolic species in which core temperatures remain roughly steady despite ambient temperature changes .

Tachymetabolic temperature regulation exceeding that defined by homeothermy , either daily or seasonally .
tachymetabolic temperature [rule] exceeding that defined by homeothermy , either daily or seasonally .

Some physiologists insist on making a distinction between temperature regulation and heat production .
some physiologists insist on making a distinction between temperature [rule] and heat production .

First we must remind ourselves that much of the physiological regulation of warm and cold-blooded animals is determined by the manner in which blood is trapped and channelled to various depths of the body .
first we must remind ourselves that much of the physiological [rule] of warm and cold-blooded animals is determined by the manner in which blood is trapped and channelled to various depths of the body .

Nevertheless , we have seen earlier that homeothermy is a form of temperature regulation in tachymetabolic creatures , and imprecision in terminology has not been the prerogative solely of Bakker .
nevertheless , we have seen earlier that homeothermy is a form of temperature [rule] in tachymetabolic creatures , and imprecision in terminology has not been the prerogative solely of bakker .

Rear panel features include a line out socket ( when used with a stereo lead the signal is said to be ‘ quasi-balanced ’ ; when used with a mono cable it 's unbalanced ) , a socket for the complementary channel change and reverb footswitch , plus of course the regulation Slo-blo fuse .
rear panel features include a line out socket ( when used with a stereo lead the signal is said to be ‘ quasi-balanced ’ ; when used with a mono cable it 's unbalanced ) , a socket for the complementary channel change and reverb footswitch , plus of course the [rule] slo-blo fuse .

The contradictory policies of the commercial deregulation of broadcasting and the greater regulation of programme content ( as proposed in the Broadcasting Bill 1990 ) could have serious repercussions for the quality of programming , the range of representation , and the effectiveness of the unions .
the contradictory policies of the commercial deregulation of broadcasting and the greater [rule] of programme content ( as proposed in the broadcasting bill 1990 ) could have serious repercussions for the quality of programming , the range of representation , and the effectiveness of the unions .

It is possible to use variable frequency regulation in which the on time is fixed and regulation is achieved by increasing or decreasing the switching frequency , but such systems lead to difficult filtering problems .
it is possible to use variable frequency [rule] in which the on time is fixed and [rule] is achieved by increasing or decreasing the switching frequency , but such systems lead to difficult filtering problems .

Regulation is also controlled by this method .
[rule] is also controlled by this method .

Regulation curves for three typical output voltage levels are shown in Fig .
[rule] curves for three typical output voltage levels are shown in fig .

Semiconductor regulators are unable to provide the peak current requirements of the servos and will current limit and thus drop out of regulation .
semiconductor regulators are unable to provide the peak current requirements of the servos and will current limit and thus drop out of [rule] .

These are : ( i ) does the criminal justice system or other state and societal forms of regulation deter corporate crime ?
these are : ( i ) does the criminal justice system or other state and societal forms of [rule] deter corporate crime ?

Criminal laws against corporate behaviour again facilitate crime because they focus purely on the regulation broken and not on the consequences of that broken regulation .
criminal laws against corporate behaviour again facilitate crime because they focus purely on the [rule] broken and not on the consequences of that broken [rule] .

The point of this fracture between regulation broken and its consequences is that it facilitates corporate crime ; executives need only concern themselves with the likelihood of being leniently punished for breaking regulations , whilst ignoring its consequences for the law does not concern itself with the consequences either .
the point of this fracture between [rule] broken and its consequences is that it facilitates corporate crime ; executives need only concern themselves with the likelihood of being leniently punished for breaking regulations , whilst ignoring its consequences for the law does not concern itself with the consequences either .

Control , regulation , and justice
control , [rule] , and justice

Clearly a major problem in controlling corporate crime is raising victim and public consciousness to a level where the community desires and supports a policy of more active and effective state control and regulation .
clearly a major problem in controlling corporate crime is raising victim and public consciousness to a level where the community desires and supports a policy of more active and effective state control and [rule] .

But relying on this instrument is crude , lacks imagination , and does not achieve other goals desirable in the control and regulation of corporate crime ( Stone 1975 ) .
but relying on this instrument is crude , lacks imagination , and does not achieve other goals desirable in the control and [rule] of corporate crime ( stone 1975 ) .

The internationalization and concentration of capital would not be material to the control and regulation of corporate crime if transnationals were well behaved .
the internationalization and concentration of capital would not be material to the control and [rule] of corporate crime if transnationals were well behaved .

Home Secretary Kenneth Clarke is expected to take over leading responsibility for regulation of the press .
home secretary kenneth clarke is expected to take over leading responsibility for [rule] of the press .

The increasingly open texture of regulation ( Atiyah , 1985 ) , already analysed by Neumann in the 1930s ( Neumann , 1985 ) , allows wider discretion to , and purposive interpretation by , the administration and the courts who turn — in a selective way — to the views of those subject to these rules as guides to decision-making .
the increasingly open texture of [rule] ( atiyah , 1985 ) , already analysed by neumann in the 1930s ( neumann , 1985 ) , allows wider discretion to , and purposive interpretation by , the administration and the courts who turn — in a selective way — to the views of those subject to these rules as guides to decision-making .

10 ) has been accompanied by the development of new forms of state regulation in which discretion and informal controls exercised through devices such as circulars , tax concessions and various methods of state economic management ( Daintith , 1979 ) are accorded much greater prominence than formal ‘ legal ’ measures .
10 ) has been accompanied by the development of new forms of state [rule] in which discretion and informal controls exercised through devices such as circulars , tax concessions and various methods of state economic management ( daintith , 1979 ) are accorded much greater prominence than formal ‘ legal ’ measures .

As a result , large spheres of state activity and numerous forms of state regulation are beyond the reach of conventional levers of legal and political control .
as a result , large spheres of state activity and numerous forms of state [rule] are beyond the reach of conventional levers of legal and political control .

The role which it envisages for the state is limited to that of providing the minimum framework necessary for the regulation of competing private interests , while the gesellschaft model of law is conceived in terms of formally defining the equivalent individual rights that are required to make the market work .
the role which it envisages for the state is limited to that of providing the minimum framework necessary for the [rule] of competing private interests , while the gesellschaft model of law is conceived in terms of formally defining the equivalent individual rights that are required to make the market work .

Moreover this form of regulation is closely associated with the emergence of new institutional machinery such as quangos , and regulatory agencies , which are not easily assimilated into orthodox public law concepts .
moreover this form of [rule] is closely associated with the emergence of new institutional machinery such as quangos , and regulatory agencies , which are not easily assimilated into orthodox public law concepts .

It should perhaps be noted that in spite of the shift from a gesellschaft to a bureaucratic administrative type of law and social regulation which has been outlined above , private ( essentially property-related ) interests continue to be well-served by the existing representative model of democracy , in spite of its imperfections as a means of exercising political control and accountability over policy-making .
it should perhaps be noted that in spite of the shift from a gesellschaft to a bureaucratic administrative type of law and social [rule] which has been outlined above , private ( essentially property-related ) interests continue to be well-served by the existing representative model of democracy , in spite of its imperfections as a means of exercising political control and accountability over policy-making .

If a system of government is , in the long term to continue to enjoy the broad acquiescence on which , in a democratic society , it stands , it must be sufficiently responsive to the voices of the governed and this is most effectively ensured by the constitution 's providing for the regulation of social affairs at the lowest and most immediate level possible .
if a system of government is , in the long term to continue to enjoy the broad acquiescence on which , in a democratic society , it stands , it must be sufficiently responsive to the voices of the governed and this is most effectively ensured by the constitution 's providing for the [rule] of social affairs at the lowest and most immediate level possible .

the regulation by each House of its own activities by the making and revision of standing orders ; and
the [rule] by each house of its own activities by the making and revision of standing orders ; and

the regulation of the Church of England .
the [rule] of the church of england .

Each of the Houses discharges a quasi judicial function in relation to the regulation of its own affairs . Each House has a Committee of Privileges to which prima facie of breach of privilege or contempt of
each of the houses discharges a quasi judicial function in relation to the [rule] of its own affairs . each house has a committee of privileges to which prima facie of breach of privilege or contempt of

The manner in which and the level at which revenue is to be raised is very much a matter of governmental policy as is the regulation of public expenditure generally .
the manner in which and the level at which revenue is to be raised is very much a matter of governmental policy as is the [rule] of public expenditure generally .

The regulation of financial affairs involves in part legislative action , in part executive action .
the [rule] of financial affairs involves in part legislative action , in part executive action .

This time a yield of 15,200 kilograms per hectare was authorised , but instead of the regulation 100 litres of juice per 150 kilograms of grapes , a unique declaration of 100 litres per 160 kilograms was enforced .
this time a yield of 15,200 kilograms per hectare was authorised , but instead of the [rule] 100 litres of juice per 150 kilograms of grapes , a unique declaration of 100 litres per 160 kilograms was enforced .

Consequently , when these innovative ideas were taken up nationally and the Residential Precinct Regulation was adopted in the traffic legislation of the Netherlands in September 1976 , great care was taken to set down minimum design requirements and special rules for conduct within a Woonerf .
consequently , when these innovative ideas were taken up nationally and the residential precinct [rule] was adopted in the traffic legislation of the netherlands in september 1976 , great care was taken to set down minimum design requirements and special rules for conduct within a woonerf .

The group identified three specific problems : the large number of design and furniture requirements ; the fact that many Woonerven did not meet these requirements ; and that there was no legal regulation for Woonerf-like areas that were not located in residential areas but had been set up in shopping streets ( Winkelerven ) ( Figure 4.9 ) and village centres ( Dorpserven ) .
the group identified three specific problems : the large number of design and furniture requirements ; the fact that many woonerven did not meet these requirements ; and that there was no legal [rule] for woonerf-like areas that were not located in residential areas but had been set up in shopping streets ( winkelerven ) ( figure 4.9 ) and village centres ( dorpserven ) .

They were , first , practical measures such as speed humps to make drivers aware of their speed and thus slow their vehicles ; second , a designed environment that conveys to the driver the fact that the area is one whose function is principally for living not travelling , with a consequent imparted feeling that awareness of soft traffic is imperative ; third , a legal change in priority , so that all occupants of the street space are equal ; and fourth , lest drivers are encouraged to view the new street layout as a challenge to driving skill rather than an encouragement of self-restraint and caution , a new regulation on car speeds .
they were , first , practical measures such as speed humps to make drivers aware of their speed and thus slow their vehicles ; second , a designed environment that conveys to the driver the fact that the area is one whose function is principally for living not travelling , with a consequent imparted feeling that awareness of soft traffic is imperative ; third , a legal change in priority , so that all occupants of the street space are equal ; and fourth , lest drivers are encouraged to view the new street layout as a challenge to driving skill rather than an encouragement of self-restraint and caution , a new [rule] on car speeds .

Eight overs remained , and it was universally known that the bails would be lifted even if the match was still undecided : an extra pressure on everyone , and another silly regulation among cricket 's banana-skins , this one installed pre-tour by the visiting team .
eight overs remained , and it was universally known that the bails would be lifted even if the match was still undecided : an extra pressure on everyone , and another silly [rule] among cricket 's banana-skins , this one installed pre-tour by the visiting team .

Malcolm hit on helmet as he ducked another short ball ; umpire Palmer warned Aqib with hand gesture ; bowler and captain remonstrated , apparently with the new shoulder-height regulation in mind rather than Law 42 , which covers intimidation .
malcolm hit on helmet as he ducked another short ball ; umpire palmer warned aqib with hand gesture ; bowler and captain remonstrated , apparently with the new shoulder-height [rule] in mind rather than law 42 , which covers intimidation .

The occasional aberration in judgment aside , the curbing regulation has been not merely a success but possibly the finest piece of administration in modern times .
the occasional aberration in judgment aside , the curbing [rule] has been not merely a success but possibly the finest piece of administration in modern times .

Prabhakar received two bouncers in an over from McDermott , the second of which was called a no-ball under the new regulation .
prabhakar received two bouncers in an over from mcdermott , the second of which was called a no-ball under the new [rule] .

Cincinnati Bell Inc has had the all clear from Standard & Poor 's Corp , which affirmed Cincinnati Bell Telephone Co 's double-A-minus senior debt rating on its $285m or so of debt following the company 's announcement that it would file for a 9% increase in local services and a three-year alternative regulation plan beginning January 1 1994 .
cincinnati bell inc has had the all clear from standard & poor 's corp , which affirmed cincinnati bell telephone co 's double-a-minus senior debt rating on its $285m or so of debt following the company 's announcement that it would file for a 9% increase in local services and a three-year alternative [rule] plan beginning january 1 1994 .

Bell Atlantic Corp 's Chesapeake & Potomac Telephone Co of West Virginia has had a fillip from Standard & Poor 's Corp , which raised its senior unsecured debt rating to double-A-plus from double-A , affecting about $265m of debt , the move being made in the expectation that the company 's network modernisation and supportive regulation will help it to improve an already strong debt service capacity .
bell atlantic corp 's chesapeake & potomac telephone co of west virginia has had a fillip from standard & poor 's corp , which raised its senior unsecured debt rating to double-a-plus from double-a , affecting about $265m of debt , the move being made in the expectation that the company 's network modernisation and supportive [rule] will help it to improve an already strong debt service capacity .

Economics provided the calculus for measuring it and the rules for its satisfactory regulation .
economics provided the calculus for measuring it and the rules for its satisfactory [rule] .

Agriculture , the remaining industry to be considered , presents the paradox of being subjected to an enormous apparatus of state regulation while landowners have remained firmly among the leading cadres of the Tory Party .
agriculture , the remaining industry to be considered , presents the paradox of being subjected to an enormous apparatus of state [rule] while landowners have remained firmly among the leading cadres of the tory party .

Regulation of portfolio investment would appear to have been much more effective in the light of the surge in it following the removal of restrictions in 1979 .
[rule] of portfolio investment would appear to have been much more effective in the light of the surge in it following the removal of restrictions in 1979 .

He described human infants as being likely to experience problems in the regulation of breathing , such as those associated with the sudden infant death syndrome , because their anatomical and neurological immaturity coincides with a period of change that is specific to humans , that of the acquisition and use of language .
he described human infants as being likely to experience problems in the [rule] of breathing , such as those associated with the sudden infant death syndrome , because their anatomical and neurological immaturity coincides with a period of change that is specific to humans , that of the acquisition and use of language .

Disturbance to this delicate equilibrium by a number of different risk factors coinciding in a particular vulnerable baby may upset the regulation of breathing , leading sometimes to death .
disturbance to this delicate equilibrium by a number of different risk factors coinciding in a particular vulnerable baby may upset the [rule] of breathing , leading sometimes to death .

It is worthwhile taking a moment to look at regulation 4 because it governs the whole attitude of the AlB towards its responsibilities . It reads as follows :
it is worthwhile taking a moment to look at [rule] 4 because it governs the whole attitude of the alb towards its responsibilities . it reads as follows :

For an official to be able to act in this way is probably unique in the world , and it is almost certain that the high motives of the draftees of this regulation have never been fully recognised .
for an official to be able to act in this way is probably unique in the world , and it is almost certain that the high motives of the draftees of this [rule] have never been fully recognised .

The system of awarding punitive damages as a deterrent to manufacturers or operators falling below acceptable standards of safety totally ignores the huge bureaucracy of regulation and control that exists to preserve those standards .
the system of awarding punitive damages as a deterrent to manufacturers or operators falling below acceptable standards of safety totally ignores the huge bureaucracy of [rule] and control that exists to preserve those standards .

This week 's threat by Ofgas regulator Sir James McKinnon to take legal action against British Gas if it does n't reduce its prices is an indication of what can be achieved by forceful regulation of the privatised utilities . )
this week 's threat by ofgas regulator sir james mckinnon to take legal action against british gas if it does n't reduce its prices is an indication of what can be achieved by forceful [rule] of the privatised utilities . )

Where , however , regulation to forestall the socially damaging or self-destructive tendencies of the system or to rescue the poor is involved , state action is held to be deeply inadequate and seriously counterproductive .
where , however , [rule] to forestall the socially damaging or self-destructive tendencies of the system or to rescue the poor is involved , state action is held to be deeply inadequate and seriously counterproductive .

Although the venue is not as packed as the previous night 's ( happy ) Birthday Party bash , those who have ventured out tonight are a partisan faction in regulation red ‘ Eat Yourself Whole ’ shirts .
although the venue is not as packed as the previous night 's ( happy ) birthday party bash , those who have ventured out tonight are a partisan faction in [rule] red ‘ eat yourself whole ’ shirts .

To be fair , though , there 's just as much of mad Al Jourgenson 's influence in their sample-laden industrial ear-bashers , coming with a good 50 per cent more hate than your regulation grebo fare .
to be fair , though , there 's just as much of mad al jourgenson 's influence in their sample-laden industrial ear-bashers , coming with a good 50 per cent more hate than your [rule] grebo fare .

This lack of regulation does , however , extend to all hospitals , not just those in the private sector .
this lack of [rule] does , however , extend to all hospitals , not just those in the private sector .

The line should be a full 60 metres regulation length , and the handle in robust plastic with extensions to retain the line when wound-in .
the line should be a full 60 metres [rule] length , and the handle in robust plastic with extensions to retain the line when wound-in .

And growing government , increasing bureaucracy , higher taxes and more and more regulation have put the legitimacy of government itself at issue .
and growing government , increasing bureaucracy , higher taxes and more and more [rule] have put the legitimacy of government itself at issue .

These laws are quite explicit and cover such issues as property rights , the regulation of the capital market , monopolistic price and wage setting , taxation and the redistribution of income and wealth .
these laws are quite explicit and cover such issues as property rights , the [rule] of the capital market , monopolistic price and wage setting , taxation and the redistribution of income and wealth .

Apart from having a direct effect on the redistribution of income and wealth , the regulation of the capital market would also have slowed down the rate of economic growth and indirectly prevented large accumulation of capital by individual families .
apart from having a direct effect on the redistribution of income and wealth , the [rule] of the capital market would also have slowed down the rate of economic growth and indirectly prevented large accumulation of capital by individual families .

The use of monopoly power obtained through the creation of closed shops , regulation of the terms of apprenticeship and so on is comparable to the use of monopoly power by corporations in a position to exercise it .
the use of monopoly power obtained through the creation of closed shops , [rule] of the terms of apprenticeship and so on is comparable to the use of monopoly power by corporations in a position to exercise it .

Thus despite the companies ' use of highly toxic chemicals , such as cyanide , there appears to have been little or no state regulation of the environmental impact of mining , until the Navan mines project .
thus despite the companies ' use of highly toxic chemicals , such as cyanide , there appears to have been little or no state [rule] of the environmental impact of mining , until the navan mines project .

The escalating costs associated with handling this raw material and the uncertain consequences of future government asbestos regulation … have necessitated our decision to work towards the elimination of asbestos from all our friction products and this eventuality has become an essential part of our long-term production and manufacturing plans .
the escalating costs associated with handling this raw material and the uncertain consequences of future government asbestos [rule] … have necessitated our decision to work towards the elimination of asbestos from all our friction products and this eventuality has become an essential part of our long-term production and manufacturing plans .

It was in this context of increased regulation and hazard export that Raybestos Manhattan came to Ireland .
it was in this context of increased [rule] and hazard export that raybestos manhattan came to ireland .

In some countries they consider the regulation of prostitution to be pleasanter for the girls , more agreeable for their customers and , with medical checks , safer for public health .
in some countries they consider the [rule] of prostitution to be pleasanter for the girls , more agreeable for their customers and , with medical checks , safer for public health .

The endowment fund for such masses was enormous and in the thirteenth century some system of regulation was required .
the endowment fund for such masses was enormous and in the thirteenth century some system of [rule] was required .

Not all coffins slavishly followed regulation patterns .
not all coffins slavishly followed [rule] patterns .

The official definition of social status found expression in sumptuary regulation which , between 1510 and 1533 , was embodied in several statutes .
the official definition of social status found expression in sumptuary [rule] which , between 1510 and 1533 , was embodied in several statutes .

In a similar way , even ‘ History ’ as a metahistorical category achieves its single meaning by subsuming a range of ethico-political concepts , such as ‘ progress ’ , ‘ human freedom ’ , ‘ necessity ’ and the like , which then form the basis of the regulation and authorization of historical interpretation .
in a similar way , even ‘ history ’ as a metahistorical category achieves its single meaning by subsuming a range of ethico-political concepts , such as ‘ progress ’ , ‘ human freedom ’ , ‘ necessity ’ and the like , which then form the basis of the [rule] and authorization of historical interpretation .

Truth , like historicity , is derived from particular discursive practices ; it operates internally as a form of regulation , as well as being the historical product of the battle between different discursive regimes .
truth , like historicity , is derived from particular discursive practices ; it operates internally as a form of [rule] , as well as being the historical product of the battle between different discursive regimes .

It exercised powers of regulation and censorship on the grounds that press freedom was a threat to the security and stability of the state .
it exercised powers of [rule] and censorship on the grounds that press freedom was a threat to the security and stability of the state .

As Curran and Seaton observed , the Commission wanted to ‘ transplant the public service rationale of broadcasting to the press … but was opposed to the framework of public regulation that underpins it ’ .
as curran and seaton observed , the commission wanted to ‘ transplant the public service rationale of broadcasting to the press … but was opposed to the framework of public [rule] that underpins it ’ .

Whilst they are of the belief that regulation encourages diversity and underwrites artistic freedom , Brittan maintains that regulation is no different from censorship .
whilst they are of the belief that [rule] encourages diversity and underwrites artistic freedom , brittan maintains that [rule] is no different from censorship .

Do users of search — a significant sector of British industry — agree that most headhunting firms offer a professional and high-quality service , and thus see no need for the official regulation of the executive search industry ?
do users of search — a significant sector of british industry — agree that most headhunting firms offer a professional and high-quality service , and thus see no need for the official [rule] of the executive search industry ?

This is only a metaphor , but the point is perhaps worth making that the insistence on ‘ independent contractor ’ status on the part of the GPs and local competition for patients ( which necessitates collective regulation through ‘ professional ethics and etiquette ’ ) , weakened their bargaining position with both their hospital colleagues and with Government .
this is only a metaphor , but the point is perhaps worth making that the insistence on ‘ independent contractor ’ status on the part of the gps and local competition for patients ( which necessitates collective [rule] through ‘ professional ethics and etiquette ’ ) , weakened their bargaining position with both their hospital colleagues and with government .

The Commission considered changes desirable in the public interest in the structure , organisation , training , regulation of and entry into the legal profession , although the final report has been seen largely as a vindication of the profession .
the commission considered changes desirable in the public interest in the structure , organisation , training , [rule] of and entry into the legal profession , although the final report has been seen largely as a vindication of the profession .

Humans belong to the group of animals known as mammals , which are characterized by the presence of hair , mammary glands and sweat glands , tooth specialization , and the regulation of a constant body temperature .
humans belong to the group of animals known as mammals , which are characterized by the presence of hair , mammary glands and sweat glands , tooth specialization , and the [rule] of a constant body temperature .

When sales revenue is a chief success indicator affecting incentive funds , the enterprise can raise the indicator by buying more expensive inputs … Similarly , if the enterprise switches from total sales revenue to net value of output as its performance indicator , it will select products with a high cost of processing , thus increasing net value added … [ In ] instances when Soviet planners have stipulated a revised set of leading economic indicators , and tied incentive funds to them , other indicators have moved in undesirable directions … planners found that , once again , only direct regulation could bring an improvement for any individual economic indicator .
when sales revenue is a chief success indicator affecting incentive funds , the enterprise can raise the indicator by buying more expensive inputs … similarly , if the enterprise switches from total sales revenue to net value of output as its performance indicator , it will select products with a high cost of processing , thus increasing net value added … [ in ] instances when soviet planners have stipulated a revised set of leading economic indicators , and tied incentive funds to them , other indicators have moved in undesirable directions … planners found that , once again , only direct [rule] could bring an improvement for any individual economic indicator .

On their own they are too clumsy in their form of regulation to provide the necessary adaptations , especially those required for social living .
on their own they are too clumsy in their form of [rule] to provide the necessary adaptations , especially those required for social living .

Fitting roof space ventilation is not difficult , and products such as those in the Glidevale range , readily available at most builder 's merchants , do the job to Building Regulation requirements .
fitting roof space ventilation is not difficult , and products such as those in the glidevale range , readily available at most builder 's merchants , do the job to building [rule] requirements .

This regulation of registration often causes bad feeling because it means that Chinese people friendly with foreigners are easily recognised and traced .
this [rule] of registration often causes bad feeling because it means that chinese people friendly with foreigners are easily recognised and traced .

In contrast to the grammarian 's concern to represent language as a rule-governed system for expressing meanings , recent psychological studies of children 's language have increasingly addressed language as part of a larger social process broadly concerned with the regulation of joint activity .
in contrast to the grammarian 's concern to represent language as a rule-governed system for expressing meanings , recent psychological studies of children 's language have increasingly addressed language as part of a larger social process broadly concerned with the [rule] of joint activity .

The law deals with social relations surrounding the management of material relations between individual subjects ( violence , property ownership , theft , rights and obligations to act ) and politics deals with the regulation of the material relations between members of the polity and decisions about collection and distribution of shared material ( taxes ) on its behalf .
the law deals with social relations surrounding the management of material relations between individual subjects ( violence , property ownership , theft , rights and obligations to act ) and politics deals with the [rule] of the material relations between members of the polity and decisions about collection and distribution of shared material ( taxes ) on its behalf .

John Parsons , deputy Treasurer to the Queen , has written to staff to warn them of the new tax regulation .
john parsons , deputy treasurer to the queen , has written to staff to warn them of the new tax [rule] .

Thus the government abandoned its earlier proposal to transfer to the new private sector companies the powers of regulation over river basin management , previously exercised by the water authorities .
thus the government abandoned its earlier proposal to transfer to the new private sector companies the powers of [rule] over river basin management , previously exercised by the water authorities .

The need for proper regulation is greater in the water industry than in almost any other .
the need for proper [rule] is greater in the water industry than in almost any other .

The government 's proposals for regulation of the water industry , announced in August 1989 , provided a £4.9 billion debt write-off and an injection of new funds to the tune of £1 billion , referred to as a Green Dowry , to help pay for environmental improvements .
the government 's proposals for [rule] of the water industry , announced in august 1989 , provided a £4.9 billion debt write-off and an injection of new funds to the tune of £1 billion , referred to as a green dowry , to help pay for environmental improvements .

In addition , in order to fund the water industry 's capital investment programme , a complex system of price regulation was announced .
in addition , in order to fund the water industry 's capital investment programme , a complex system of price [rule] was announced .

Despite the moves outlined above , the need for regulation in the electricity industry remains of crucial importance .
despite the moves outlined above , the need for [rule] in the electricity industry remains of crucial importance .

There by the light of an adjoining street lamp he clearly saw the figure of a station master or porter wearing a flat-topped regulation hat apparently waiting for a train .
there by the light of an adjoining street lamp he clearly saw the figure of a station master or porter wearing a flat-topped [rule] hat apparently waiting for a train .

Regulation 103 Motor Vehicle ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 , and section 42 Road Traffic Act 1988
[rule] 103 motor vehicle ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 , and section 42 road traffic act 1988

Regulation 4 ( 1 ) Motor Cycles ( Protective Helmets ) Regulations 1980 and Section 16 Road Traffic Act 1988
[rule] 4 ( 1 ) motor cycles ( protective helmets ) regulations 1980 and section 16 road traffic act 1988

‘ did drive ( or ride on ) ‘ Or ride on ’ includes any pillion passenger , but not passengers in any sidecar per regulation 3 ( 1 ) of the above regulations .
‘ did drive ( or ride on ) ‘ or ride on ’ includes any pillion passenger , but not passengers in any sidecar per [rule] 3 ( 1 ) of the above regulations .

‘ a certain motor bicycle , namely a … ‘ Means a two wheeled motor cycle , whether having a sidecar attached thereto or not , and for the purposes of this definition any wheels of a motor cycle shall , if the distance between the centres of the areas of contact between such wheels and the road surface is less than 460 millimetres , be counted as one wheel ; per regulation 4 ( 3 ) Motor Cycles ( Protective Helmets ) Regulations 1980 .
‘ a certain motor bicycle , namely a … ‘ means a two wheeled motor cycle , whether having a sidecar attached thereto or not , and for the purposes of this definition any wheels of a motor cycle shall , if the distance between the centres of the areas of contact between such wheels and the road surface is less than 460 millimetres , be counted as one wheel ; per [rule] 4 ( 3 ) motor cycles ( protective helmets ) regulations 1980 .

‘ for the purpose other than a purpose prescribed under section 16 ( 2 ) , Vehicles ( Registration and Licensing ) Regulations 1971 . ’ Namely in the Road Vehicles ( Registration and Licensing ) Regulations 1971 Regulation 35
‘ for the purpose other than a purpose prescribed under section 16 ( 2 ) , vehicles ( registration and licensing ) regulations 1971 . ’ namely in the road vehicles ( registration and licensing ) regulations 1971 [rule] 35

In this regulation , ‘ business purpose ’ , in relation to a motor trader means —
in this [rule] , ‘ business purpose ’ , in relation to a motor trader means —

For the purposes of sub-paragraph ( a ) to ( k ) of paragraph ( 4 ) of this regulation , where a mechanically propelled vehicle is used on a public road by virtue of a trade licence and that vehicle is drawing a trailer , the vehicle and trailer shall be deemed to constitute a single vehicle .
for the purposes of sub-paragraph ( a ) to ( k ) of paragraph ( 4 ) of this [rule] , where a mechanically propelled vehicle is used on a public road by virtue of a trade licence and that vehicle is drawing a trailer , the vehicle and trailer shall be deemed to constitute a single vehicle .

Save as provided in regulation 36 of these regulations , no person , being a motor trader and the holder of a trade vehicle , shall use any mechanically propelled vehicle on a public road by virtue of that licence unless it is a vehicle which is temporarily in his possession in the course of his business as a motor trader or a recovery vehicle kept by him for the purpose of dealing with disabled vehicles in the course of that business .
save as provided in [rule] 36 of these regulations , no person , being a motor trader and the holder of a trade vehicle , shall use any mechanically propelled vehicle on a public road by virtue of that licence unless it is a vehicle which is temporarily in his possession in the course of his business as a motor trader or a recovery vehicle kept by him for the purpose of dealing with disabled vehicles in the course of that business .

Save as provided in the said regulation 36 and without derogation from the provisions of the last preceding paragraph of this regulation , no person , being a motor trader and the holder of a trade licence , shall use any mechanically propelled vehicle on a public road by virtue of that licence for a purpose other than a business purpose and other than one of the following purposes :
save as provided in the said [rule] 36 and without derogation from the provisions of the last preceding paragraph of this [rule] , no person , being a motor trader and the holder of a trade licence , shall use any mechanically propelled vehicle on a public road by virtue of that licence for a purpose other than a business purpose and other than one of the following purposes :

Regulation 34(2) Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 and section 42 Road Traffic Act 1988
[rule] 34(2) motor vehicles ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 and section 42 road traffic act 1988

‘ which was required to be fitted with windscreen wipers-This point means that regulation 34 ( 1 ) of the above regulations requires every vehicle which is fitted with a windscreen to be fitted with one or more wipers .
‘ which was required to be fitted with windscreen wipers-this point means that [rule] 34 ( 1 ) of the above regulations requires every vehicle which is fitted with a windscreen to be fitted with one or more wipers .

Regulation 24 Road Vehicles Lighting Regulations 1989 and Section 42 ( 1 ) Road Traffic Act 1988
[rule] 24 road vehicles lighting regulations 1989 and section 42 ( 1 ) road traffic act 1988

It is thought that this means all must be working to comply with this regulation .
it is thought that this means all must be working to comply with this [rule] .

where a police constable ( or a traffic warden ) was for the time being engaged in the regulation of traffic
where a police constable ( or a traffic warden ) was for the time being engaged in the [rule] of traffic

‘ where a police constable ( or a traffic warden ) was for the time being engaged in the regulation of traffic ’ This offence can not be committed where the constable or traffic warden are not engaged in the regulation of traffic .
‘ where a police constable ( or a traffic warden ) was for the time being engaged in the [rule] of traffic ’ this offence can not be committed where the constable or traffic warden are not engaged in the [rule] of traffic .

Regulation 9 Motor Vehicles ( Driving Licences ) Regulations 1987 and sections 105 Road Traffic Act 1988
[rule] 9 motor vehicles ( driving licences ) regulations 1987 and sections 105 road traffic act 1988

‘ of a qualified driver ’ The supervisor must be a ‘ qualified driver ’ as defined in regulation 9 ( 6 ) of the Motor Vehicles ( Driving Licences ) Regulations 1987 , namely , a person who holds a full licence authorising him to drive as a full licence holder a motor vehicle of the same class or description as the vehicle being driven by the holder of the provisional licence .
‘ of a qualified driver ’ the supervisor must be a ‘ qualified driver ’ as defined in [rule] 9 ( 6 ) of the motor vehicles ( driving licences ) regulations 1987 , namely , a person who holds a full licence authorising him to drive as a full licence holder a motor vehicle of the same class or description as the vehicle being driven by the holder of the provisional licence .

Regulation 4 of the Motor Vehicles ( Wearing of Seat Belts ) Regulations 1982 and Section 14 of the Road Traffic Act 1988
[rule] 4 of the motor vehicles ( wearing of seat belts ) regulations 1982 and section 14 of the road traffic act 1988

‘ requiring a seat belt ’ Means per regulation 6 of the Motor Vehicles ( wearing of Seat Belts ) Regulation 1982 : ‘ The classes of vehicle mentioned in regulation 4 are ( a ) a vehicle to which Regulation 46 of the Construction and Use Regulations applies ( see later ) ; and ( b ) a vehicle which is equipped with anchorage points and seat belts and to which that Regulation would apply if it were not for the circumstances that the vehicle —
‘ requiring a seat belt ’ means per [rule] 6 of the motor vehicles ( wearing of seat belts ) [rule] 1982 : ‘ the classes of vehicle mentioned in [rule] 4 are ( a ) a vehicle to which [rule] 46 of the construction and use regulations applies ( see later ) ; and ( b ) a vehicle which is equipped with anchorage points and seat belts and to which that [rule] would apply if it were not for the circumstances that the vehicle —

Regulation 46 as mentioned at ( a ) above is as follows : The requirement to have seat belts fitted is contained in Regulation 46 of the Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 ;
[rule] 46 as mentioned at ( a ) above is as follows : the requirement to have seat belts fitted is contained in [rule] 46 of the motor vehicles ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 ;

Regulation 46(1) provides that except as provided by paragraph ( 2 ) , this Regulation applies to —
[rule] 46(1) provides that except as provided by paragraph ( 2 ) , this [rule] applies to —

Regulation 46(2) provides that this Regulation does not apply to —
[rule] 46(2) provides that this [rule] does not apply to —

a vehicle which has been used on roads outside Great Britain , while it is being driven after its importation into Great Britain on the journey from the place where it has arrived in Great Britain to a place of residence of the owner or the journey from any such place where , by previous arrangement , the vehicle will be provided with such anchorage points and seat belts as will comply with requirements of this regulation ; or
a vehicle which has been used on roads outside great britain , while it is being driven after its importation into great britain on the journey from the place where it has arrived in great britain to a place of residence of the owner or the journey from any such place where , by previous arrangement , the vehicle will be provided with such anchorage points and seat belts as will comply with requirements of this [rule] ; or

All vehicles that are required to have seat belts fitted must have seat belts fitted to the driver 's seat and the specified passenger 's seat . The specified passenger 's seat is defined by regulation 47(8) as —
all vehicles that are required to have seat belts fitted must have seat belts fitted to the driver 's seat and the specified passenger 's seat . the specified passenger 's seat is defined by [rule] 47(8) as —

if the vehicle normally has no seat which is the specified passenger 's seat under the last preceding sub-paragraph , the forward-facing front seat for a passenger which is foremost in the vehicle and furthest from the driver 's seat , unless there is a fixed partition separating such seat from the space in front of it alongside the driver 's seat . Exceptions are given under regulation 5 The Motor Vehicles ( Wearing-of Seat Belts ) Regulations 1982 :
if the vehicle normally has no seat which is the specified passenger 's seat under the last preceding sub-paragraph , the forward-facing front seat for a passenger which is foremost in the vehicle and furthest from the driver 's seat , unless there is a fixed partition separating such seat from the space in front of it alongside the driver 's seat . exceptions are given under [rule] 5 the motor vehicles ( wearing-of seat belts ) regulations 1982 :

The requirement specified in Regulation 4 does not apply to a person who is —
the requirement specified in [rule] 4 does not apply to a person who is —

a qualified driver ( as defined in regulation 8(5) of the Driving Licences Regulations ) and is supervising the holder of a provisional licence ( as defined in regulation 3(1) of those regulations ) while the holder is performing a manoeuvre which includes reversing
a qualified driver ( as defined in [rule] 8(5) of the driving licences regulations ) and is supervising the holder of a provisional licence ( as defined in [rule] 3(1) of those regulations ) while the holder is performing a manoeuvre which includes reversing

Where there is any doubt as to whether the seat belt is as prescribed , regulation 47 of the Construction and Use Regulations will have to be consulted .
where there is any doubt as to whether the seat belt is as prescribed , [rule] 47 of the construction and use regulations will have to be consulted .

In Reeve v Webb ( 1972 ) 1 1 7 Sol Jo 1 27 it was held that alterations to exhaust pipes fall within another part of this regulation .
in reeve v webb ( 1972 ) 1 1 7 sol jo 1 27 it was held that alterations to exhaust pipes fall within another part of this [rule] .

Regulation 34(6) Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 and section 42 of the Road Traffic Act 1988
[rule] 34(6) motor vehicles ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 and section 42 of the road traffic act 1988

Depending on the make of motor vehicle , normally there are two wipers fitted and both must work as regulation 34 ( 1 ) of the above regulation insists that … an adequate view of the road in front of the near and offsides of the vehicle … is required .
depending on the make of motor vehicle , normally there are two wipers fitted and both must work as [rule] 34 ( 1 ) of the above [rule] insists that … an adequate view of the road in front of the near and offsides of the vehicle … is required .

Regulation 34 ( 1 ) states that if a view to the front can be obtained without looking through the windscreen , wipers are not required .
[rule] 34 ( 1 ) states that if a view to the front can be obtained without looking through the windscreen , wipers are not required .

Regulation 54(1) Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 and section 42 of the Road Traffic Act 1988
[rule] 54(1) motor vehicles ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 and section 42 of the road traffic act 1988

These regulation require that either a silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance is fined as may be reasonable to reduce the noise .
these [rule] require that either a silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance is fined as may be reasonable to reduce the noise .

However , there is no offence against this regulation if only the tail pipe ( i.e .
however , there is no offence against this [rule] if only the tail pipe ( i.e .

Note the further offence of failing to maintain such a system contrary to Regulation 54 ( 2 ) of these regulations .
note the further offence of failing to maintain such a system contrary to [rule] 54 ( 2 ) of these regulations .

, if they have passed through half of the silencer , Until there is judicial assistance to say that such gases must pass all the way through a silencer to escape liability under regulation 54 ( 1 ) , a regulation 54 ( 2 ) offence may be the safest offence .
, if they have passed through half of the silencer , until there is judicial assistance to say that such gases must pass all the way through a silencer to escape liability under [rule] 54 ( 1 ) , a [rule] 54 ( 2 ) offence may be the safest offence .

It is sufficient to contravene this regulation where the patch is more than a quarter of the breadth of the tread , because there can not be at least three-quarters of good tread around the whole circumference of the tyre in such a case .
it is sufficient to contravene this [rule] where the patch is more than a quarter of the breadth of the tread , because there can not be at least three-quarters of good tread around the whole circumference of the tyre in such a case .

The further offences under regulation 27 should be considered .
the further offences under [rule] 27 should be considered .

These are Regulation 27 ( 1 ) ( a ) to ( h ) with the exception of ( f ) and ( g ) .
these are [rule] 27 ( 1 ) ( a ) to ( h ) with the exception of ( f ) and ( g ) .

Regulation 107(1) Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 , and section 42 Road Traffic Act 1988
[rule] 107(1) motor vehicles ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 , and section 42 road traffic act 1988

‘ by a person duly licensed to drive it ’ Means that if anyone is in attendance at the vehicle then to escape this regulation he must be the holder of a current driving licence for that class of vehicle .
‘ by a person duly licensed to drive it ’ means that if anyone is in attendance at the vehicle then to escape this [rule] he must be the holder of a current driving licence for that class of vehicle .

‘ without the engine being stopped ’ Means that apart from the exceptions at regulation 107(2) ( a ) and ( b ) ( the main ones are shown at 4 ante ) , the engines of all motor vehicles must be stopped when the vehicles are unattended .
‘ without the engine being stopped ’ means that apart from the exceptions at [rule] 107(2) ( a ) and ( b ) ( the main ones are shown at 4 ante ) , the engines of all motor vehicles must be stopped when the vehicles are unattended .

Regulation 37 Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 and section 42 Road Traffic Act 1988
[rule] 37 motor vehicles ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 and section 42 road traffic act 1988

would not comply with this regulation .
would not comply with this [rule] .

Several points of interest relating to horns are dealt with at other parts of regulation 37 as below .
several points of interest relating to horns are dealt with at other parts of [rule] 37 as below .

were engaged in the regulation of vehicular traffic in a road
were engaged in the [rule] of vehicular traffic in a road

Regulation 101 Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 and section 42 Road Traffic Act 1988
[rule] 101 motor vehicles ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 and section 42 road traffic act 1988

any motor vehicle when it is being used for fire brigade , ambulance or police purposes or for defence purposes ( including civil defence purposes ) if compliance with this Regulation would hinder or be likely to hinder the use of the vehicle for the purpose for which it is being used on that occasion
any motor vehicle when it is being used for fire brigade , ambulance or police purposes or for defence purposes ( including civil defence purposes ) if compliance with this [rule] would hinder or be likely to hinder the use of the vehicle for the purpose for which it is being used on that occasion

any motor vehicle standing on a part of a road specially set aside for the parking of vehicles , or as a stand for hackney carriages , or as a stand for public service vehicles , or as a place at which such vehicles may stop for a longer time than is necessary for the taking up and setting down of passengers where compliance with this regulation would conflict with the provisions of any order , regulations or byelaws governing the use of such part of a road for that purpose ;
any motor vehicle standing on a part of a road specially set aside for the parking of vehicles , or as a stand for hackney carriages , or as a stand for public service vehicles , or as a place at which such vehicles may stop for a longer time than is necessary for the taking up and setting down of passengers where compliance with this [rule] would conflict with the provisions of any order , regulations or byelaws governing the use of such part of a road for that purpose ;

the laying , erection , alteration or repair in or near to any road of any sewer , or any main , pipe or apparatus for the supply of gas , water or electricity , of any telegraph or telephone wires , cables , posts or supports or of the apparatus of any electric transport undertaking if , in any such case , compliance with this Regulation would hinder or be likely to hinder the use of the vehicle for the purpose for which it is being used on that occasion .
the laying , erection , alteration or repair in or near to any road of any sewer , or any main , pipe or apparatus for the supply of gas , water or electricity , of any telegraph or telephone wires , cables , posts or supports or of the apparatus of any electric transport undertaking if , in any such case , compliance with this [rule] would hinder or be likely to hinder the use of the vehicle for the purpose for which it is being used on that occasion .

Regulation 16 , Pelican Pedestrian Crossing Regulations and General Directions 1987 and section 25 Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984
[rule] 16 , pelican pedestrian crossing regulations and general directions 1987 and section 25 road traffic [rule] act 1984

According to Regulation 8 ( 2 ) of these regulations a driver has the overall responsibility to proceed with due regard to the safety of other users of the road subject to the direction of any police constable etc .
according to [rule] 8 ( 2 ) of these regulations a driver has the overall responsibility to proceed with due regard to the safety of other users of the road subject to the direction of any police constable etc .

( committed any time ) Regulation 23(1) Road Vehicles Lighting Regulations 1989 and section 42(1) Road Traffic Act 1988
( committed any time ) [rule] 23(1) road vehicles lighting regulations 1989 and section 42(1) road traffic act 1988

Regulation 10 ‘ Zebra ’ Pedestrian Crossings Regulation 1971 and section 25 Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984
[rule] 10 ‘ zebra ’ pedestrian crossings [rule] 1971 and section 25 road traffic [rule] act 1984

Regulation 12 ‘ Zebra ’ Pedestrian Crossings Regulations 1971 and section 25 Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984
[rule] 12 ‘ zebra ’ pedestrian crossings regulations 1971 and section 25 road traffic [rule] act 1984

if the driver has stopped for the purpose of complying with regulation 8 or regulation 10 ( to accord precedence and not overtake ) ;
if the driver has stopped for the purpose of complying with [rule] 8 or [rule] 10 ( to accord precedence and not overtake ) ;

Regulation 8 ‘ Zebra ’ Pedestrian Crossings Regulations 1971 and section 25 Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984
[rule] 8 ‘ zebra ’ pedestrian crossings regulations 1971 and section 25 road traffic [rule] act 1984

This was another regulation of the Passover celebration ( Mark 14:24 ; Matt .
this was another [rule] of the passover celebration ( mark 14:24 ; matt .

This was another regulation of the Passover celebration ( Mark 14:26 ; Matt .
this was another [rule] of the passover celebration ( mark 14:26 ; matt .

The regulation need not be as thorough as the bank or building society variety .
the [rule] need not be as thorough as the bank or building society variety .

When asked about audit regulation and reporting requirements , 478 firms ( 81% ) said there should be less control on work done for small companies , while 396 firms ( 67% ) wanted more regulation controlling the work done for large companies .
when asked about audit [rule] and reporting requirements , 478 firms ( 81% ) said there should be less control on work done for small companies , while 396 firms ( 67% ) wanted more [rule] controlling the work done for large companies .

The consultation paper itself states ominously , ‘ the Government has it in mind to extend the list of uses by further regulation in due course ’ .
the consultation paper itself states ominously , ‘ the government has it in mind to extend the list of uses by further [rule] in due course ’ .

Some members will feel that the Institute , instead of regulating them , ought to have protected them from regulation .
some members will feel that the institute , instead of regulating them , ought to have protected them from [rule] .

5. of , a firm having been found to be in breach of Investment Business Regulation 1.50 in that in Stockbridge between 1 June 1991 and 3 March 1992 the firm failed to pay its Investment Business Authorisation Fee for the year ending 31 December 1991 and having been in breach of Bye-law 76(a) ( iv ) as applied by Investment Business Regulation 6.09 in that the firm at Stockbridge between 19 December 1991 and 28 January 1992 failed to provide information required of it by the Investigation Committee on 19 December 1991 in exercise of its powers under Bye-law 80(a) concerning the payment of its Investment Business Authorisation Fee for the year ending 31 December 1991 was reprimanded and ordered to pay £l , 000 by way of costs .
5. of , a firm having been found to be in breach of investment business [rule] 1.50 in that in stockbridge between 1 june 1991 and 3 march 1992 the firm failed to pay its investment business authorisation fee for the year ending 31 december 1991 and having been in breach of bye-law 76(a) ( iv ) as applied by investment business [rule] 6.09 in that the firm at stockbridge between 19 december 1991 and 28 january 1992 failed to provide information required of it by the investigation committee on 19 december 1991 in exercise of its powers under bye-law 80(a) concerning the payment of its investment business authorisation fee for the year ending 31 december 1991 was reprimanded and ordered to pay £l , 000 by way of costs .

Some district societies also want an assurance that the Institute will not take on additional regulatory responsibilities without consulting the membership : some go as far as urging it to oppose any future legislation to extend statutory regulation of members ' activities .
some district societies also want an assurance that the institute will not take on additional regulatory responsibilities without consulting the membership : some go as far as urging it to oppose any future legislation to extend statutory [rule] of members ' activities .

With openness , one could argue that the Institute would be seen to be discharging its obligations under statutory regulation and its charter .
with openness , one could argue that the institute would be seen to be discharging its obligations under statutory [rule] and its charter .

If a formalistic approach to the regulation of financial reporting is unavoidable , how will the boundaries between the professional knowledge and competence of accountants and lawyers be re-drawn ?
if a formalistic approach to the [rule] of financial reporting is unavoidable , how will the boundaries between the professional knowledge and competence of accountants and lawyers be re-drawn ?

audit regulation
audit [rule]

‘ Minor breaches in regulation should be ignored .
‘ minor breaches in [rule] should be ignored .

The London Society 's response takes issue with the ‘ current piecemeal approach to audit regulation and independence matters ’ .
the london society 's response takes issue with the ‘ current piecemeal approach to audit [rule] and independence matters ’ .

The two bodies ' first annual reports to the Department of Trade and Industry reveal an alarmingly high proportion of registered firms which have failed to meet the standards set by audit regulation .
the two bodies ' first annual reports to the department of trade and industry reveal an alarmingly high proportion of registered firms which have failed to meet the standards set by audit [rule] .

Anti-monopoly regulation is not likely to stop this sort of move : entry remains unrestricted and the business is too small for regulators to intervene .
anti-monopoly [rule] is not likely to stop this sort of move : entry remains unrestricted and the business is too small for regulators to intervene .

Thankfully , by virtue of Reg 19(4) ( b ) Contributions Regulation , National Insurance contributions will not be charged on any subsistence payments of the kind described .
thankfully , by virtue of reg 19(4) ( b ) contributions [rule] , national insurance contributions will not be charged on any subsistence payments of the kind described .

This may be true — it is already true of a great many regulations with which companies must comply — but it may also reflect the fundamental nature of financial regulation .
this may be true — it is already true of a great many regulations with which companies must comply — but it may also reflect the fundamental nature of financial [rule] .

Players hide the studs from referees by showing him their reserve pair — complete with regulation studs — and them quickly switch before the game .
players hide the studs from referees by showing him their reserve pair — complete with [rule] studs — and them quickly switch before the game .

Audit regulation — an annual review
audit [rule] — an annual review

While not everyone welcomed the regime with open arms , it is opportune to reflect on its effectiveness and to weigh up the costs and benefits of regulation of the profession by the profession .
while not everyone welcomed the regime with open arms , it is opportune to reflect on its effectiveness and to weigh up the costs and benefits of [rule] of the profession by the profession .

Because , at the end of the day , professional regulation is in the best interests of both auditors and the public .
because , at the end of the day , professional [rule] is in the best interests of both auditors and the public .

The costs of regulation would arise whether the Institute or some other body was responsible .
the costs of [rule] would arise whether the institute or some other body was responsible .

We are determined to make a success of audit regulation .
we are determined to make a success of audit [rule] .

Of course , it is not just audit regulation that has been under scrutiny in 1992 .
of course , it is not just audit [rule] that has been under scrutiny in 1992 .

Indeed , if there is one conclusion that can be drawn from the first year 's experience of audit regulation , it is that so far there is insufficient evidence to judge the quality of the service registered auditors provide .
indeed , if there is one conclusion that can be drawn from the first year 's experience of audit [rule] , it is that so far there is insufficient evidence to judge the quality of the service registered auditors provide .

Profession faces a regulation cookbook
profession faces a [rule] cookbook

The code , which deals with the structure and regulation of boards , the role of non-executive directors , and reporting and controls , is the central recommendation in the finalised Cadbury Report , published last month .
the code , which deals with the structure and [rule] of boards , the role of non-executive directors , and reporting and controls , is the central recommendation in the finalised cadbury report , published last month .

Being less official than the Review Panel and the Institute 's Practice Regulation Directorate , it was better able , in a firm but cooperative style as an Institute committee and speaking member to member , quietly to ‘ promote ’ and ‘ encourage ’ the adoption of the highest technical standards .
being less official than the review panel and the institute 's practice [rule] directorate , it was better able , in a firm but cooperative style as an institute committee and speaking member to member , quietly to ‘ promote ’ and ‘ encourage ’ the adoption of the highest technical standards .

Audit regulation — one year on There is a mixed response to audit regulation after one year 's experience
audit [rule] — one year on there is a mixed response to audit [rule] after one year 's experience

Audit regulation began on 1 October 1991 .
audit [rule] began on 1 october 1991 .

Last year 's survey was carried out with a group of practitioners at an audit regulation meeting run by the Southern Society , and in view of the continuing concerns about regulation , we repeated this exercise with 160 practitioners who attended a similar meeting in October 1992 .
last year 's survey was carried out with a group of practitioners at an audit [rule] meeting run by the southern society , and in view of the continuing concerns about [rule] , we repeated this exercise with 160 practitioners who attended a similar meeting in october 1992 .

To start with the good news , 77 % of respondents believed that audit regulation had improved the quality of auditing in their practices .
to start with the good news , 77 % of respondents believed that audit [rule] had improved the quality of auditing in their practices .

Regulation cost continues to be an issue .
[rule] cost continues to be an issue .

Respondents estimated an uncharged fixed cost per audit of £200 arising from compliance with audit regulation , and a variable cost of £100 per £100,000 of company turnover ( lower than the £175 estimated last year ) .
respondents estimated an uncharged fixed cost per audit of £200 arising from compliance with audit [rule] , and a variable cost of £100 per £100,000 of company turnover ( lower than the £175 estimated last year ) .

Practitioners are bearing most of the costs of regulation themselves .
practitioners are bearing most of the costs of [rule] themselves .

It is very clear that smaller firms are taking regulation seriously .
it is very clear that smaller firms are taking [rule] seriously .

However , we have two concerns : first , a number of respondents equated better files with better audits — this may satisfy the regulators , but does not necessarily indicate any improvement in the underlying quality of professional judgment ; second , audit regulation is a costly process for smaller audit firms and some costs are being passed on .
however , we have two concerns : first , a number of respondents equated better files with better audits — this may satisfy the regulators , but does not necessarily indicate any improvement in the underlying quality of professional judgment ; second , audit [rule] is a costly process for smaller audit firms and some costs are being passed on .

At this stage it is difficult to assess whether the potential benefits to accounts users which may arise from improvements in audit judgments and financial reporting as a result of regulation can be justified against the costs , particularly at the smaller end of the market .
at this stage it is difficult to assess whether the potential benefits to accounts users which may arise from improvements in audit judgments and financial reporting as a result of [rule] can be justified against the costs , particularly at the smaller end of the market .

audit regulation
audit [rule]

Discipline and regulation
discipline and [rule]

Take audit regulation as an example .
take audit [rule] as an example .

But it is governed in some detail by statutory requirements , and so is undeniably a system of statutory regulation .
but it is governed in some detail by statutory requirements , and so is undeniably a system of statutory [rule] .

Financial services regulation is similar in structure , but with an added layer for the Securities and Investments Board .
financial services [rule] is similar in structure , but with an added layer for the securities and investments board .

With such ambiguous structures , characterising any debate on how to improve them as a struggle between the principles of self-regulation and statutory regulation is unlikely to add to anybody 's understanding of the issues .
with such ambiguous structures , characterising any debate on how to improve them as a struggle between the principles of self-regulation and statutory [rule] is unlikely to add to anybody 's understanding of the issues .

Given the similarities between the financial services and audit regimes , it would be foolish to imagine that a revolution in the former would not , at the very least , reopen the debate about audit regulation .
given the similarities between the financial services and audit regimes , it would be foolish to imagine that a revolution in the former would not , at the very least , reopen the debate about audit [rule] .

At such times , it may be useful to recall that the current financial services regime was set up to remedy the regulatory failures of the previous system , which was one of regulation under statute by a government department .
at such times , it may be useful to recall that the current financial services regime was set up to remedy the regulatory failures of the previous system , which was one of [rule] under statute by a government department .

How much better in the long run for companies , auditors and regulation generally if auditors would have the courage to make timely representations aimed at a general ruling , in these circumstances , assuming that they have failed to persuade the client not to proceed and that the grounds for an audit qualification are uncertain .
how much better in the long run for companies , auditors and [rule] generally if auditors would have the courage to make timely representations aimed at a general ruling , in these circumstances , assuming that they have failed to persuade the client not to proceed and that the grounds for an audit qualification are uncertain .

Smaller practitioners are fed up to the back teeth with all forms of regulation , and audit regulation in particular .
smaller practitioners are fed up to the back teeth with all forms of [rule] , and audit [rule] in particular .

As a recent survey by the Management Information Centre showed , 70 % of small and medium sized practices around the country find audits increasingly unprofitable as a result of the costs of audit regulation — which they can not pass on to clients — combined with client pressure on fees .
as a recent survey by the management information centre showed , 70 % of small and medium sized practices around the country find audits increasingly unprofitable as a result of the costs of audit [rule] — which they can not pass on to clients — combined with client pressure on fees .

The issue is further complicated by European Community proposals for uniformity and tougher regulation of sales of these products .
the issue is further complicated by european community proposals for uniformity and tougher [rule] of sales of these products .

Cutting auditors ' noses off to spite clients ' faces There are no cogent arguments for radically extending the regulation of auditors ' independence
cutting auditors ' noses off to spite clients ' faces there are no cogent arguments for radically extending the [rule] of auditors ' independence

The princess picked at the regulation airline meal .
the princess picked at the [rule] airline meal .

‘ We shall make sure that the cut is passed on , ’ said a spokesman for the Office of Electricity Regulation .
‘ we shall make sure that the cut is passed on , ’ said a spokesman for the office of electricity [rule] .

Regulation can after all be a matter of acting on positive or negative evidence , the adjustment of behaviour by reference to feedback information .
[rule] can after all be a matter of acting on positive or negative evidence , the adjustment of behaviour by reference to feedback information .

What we have here is cognitive regulation .
what we have here is cognitive [rule] .

The Pension Law Review Committee has published a consultation document , The Law and Regulation of Occupational Pensions .
the pension law review committee has published a consultation document , the law and [rule] of occupational pensions .

Unseemly , internecine brawls , however , will be more likely to result in some form of state regulation .
unseemly , internecine brawls , however , will be more likely to result in some form of state [rule] .

The authors believe that a major reason for the public 's perception that auditors lack independence is their ‘ weak structural position ’ , and that the only way to overcome this is for audit regulation to be taken away from the profession .
the authors believe that a major reason for the public 's perception that auditors lack independence is their ‘ weak structural position ’ , and that the only way to overcome this is for audit [rule] to be taken away from the profession .

Ruth Eisenberg , the Institute 's deputy director of practice regulation , has replaced June Ward as director of communications .
ruth eisenberg , the institute 's deputy director of practice [rule] , has replaced june ward as director of communications .

She has served as a student counsellor with the Education and Training Department and as deputy director of practice regulation she played a major role in setting up the new regulations for financial services business and audit .
she has served as a student counsellor with the education and training department and as deputy director of practice [rule] she played a major role in setting up the new regulations for financial services business and audit .

Audit regulation , changes to the disciplinary arrangements and the continuing development of accounting and auditing standards may go some way to increasing public confidence in the profession ; and various other proposed regulations and changes to the law , such as preventing directors of public companies from exercising any influence over the appointment and removal of auditors , might have more effect than any of the steps which have been taken so far .
audit [rule] , changes to the disciplinary arrangements and the continuing development of accounting and auditing standards may go some way to increasing public confidence in the profession ; and various other proposed regulations and changes to the law , such as preventing directors of public companies from exercising any influence over the appointment and removal of auditors , might have more effect than any of the steps which have been taken so far .

No amount of regulation or changes to the law will prevent the type of corporate failures which the public , however illogically , assume to be conclusive evidence of audit failures , and judging by the Government 's reluctance to relax the statutory audit requirement for small companies , there may , in any case , be less dissatisfaction with the quality of auditing than we are sometimes led to believe .
no amount of [rule] or changes to the law will prevent the type of corporate failures which the public , however illogically , assume to be conclusive evidence of audit failures , and judging by the government 's reluctance to relax the statutory audit requirement for small companies , there may , in any case , be less dissatisfaction with the quality of auditing than we are sometimes led to believe .

Equally unavoidable is the conviction that it is not in the public interest for any profession to become the subject of so much unwarranted regulation and criticism ( not to mention claims ) that it is unable to retain or recruit individuals of the required calibre .
equally unavoidable is the conviction that it is not in the public interest for any profession to become the subject of so much unwarranted [rule] and criticism ( not to mention claims ) that it is unable to retain or recruit individuals of the required calibre .

The illustrative programme of additional expenditure from January 1993 , set out in Appendix 1 of The Future of Our Qualification , does include programmes ‘ to enhance firms ' profitability ’ and ‘ to help firms translate audit regulation into a profitable opportunity ’ , but these activities account for only £210,000 of the total additional expenditure of almost £2m .
the illustrative programme of additional expenditure from january 1993 , set out in appendix 1 of the future of our qualification , does include programmes ‘ to enhance firms ' profitability ’ and ‘ to help firms translate audit [rule] into a profitable opportunity ’ , but these activities account for only £210,000 of the total additional expenditure of almost £2m .

Signs of the times include sections on ‘ Adding value to the audit ’ , ‘ Audit regulation ’ and ‘ Controlling audit costs ’ .
signs of the times include sections on ‘ adding value to the audit ’ , ‘ audit [rule] ’ and ‘ controlling audit costs ’ .

These appointments implement the recommendations of a report by Jeremy Morse , which advocates separation of business development and regulation .
these appointments implement the recommendations of a report by jeremy morse , which advocates separation of business development and [rule] .

The Pension Law Review Committee has published a consultation document , The Law and Regulation of Occupational Pensions , to help encourage the widest possible debate .
the pension law review committee has published a consultation document , the law and [rule] of occupational pensions , to help encourage the widest possible debate .

of having been found to be in breach of Investment Business Regulation 2.09 in that in Windsor between 13 October 1989 and 3 June 1992 , before recommending or effecting for clients transactions relating to investment , the firm failed to give adequate risk warnings to those clients in accordance with the terms of the Regulation and having been in breach of Investment Business Regulation 2.47 in that in Windsor between 13 October 1989 and 3 June 1991 the firm failed to send engagement letters and agree them with clients in accordance with the terms of the Regulation and having been in breach of Investment Business Regulation 2.60 in that in Windsor between 13 October 1989 and 3 June 1991 the firm failed to keep proper client records in accordance with the terms of the Regulation was reprimanded , fined £500 and ordered to pay £250 by way of costs .
of having been found to be in breach of investment business [rule] 2.09 in that in windsor between 13 october 1989 and 3 june 1992 , before recommending or effecting for clients transactions relating to investment , the firm failed to give adequate risk warnings to those clients in accordance with the terms of the [rule] and having been in breach of investment business [rule] 2.47 in that in windsor between 13 october 1989 and 3 june 1991 the firm failed to send engagement letters and agree them with clients in accordance with the terms of the [rule] and having been in breach of investment business [rule] 2.60 in that in windsor between 13 october 1989 and 3 june 1991 the firm failed to keep proper client records in accordance with the terms of the [rule] was reprimanded , fined £500 and ordered to pay £250 by way of costs .

As Lesley Bell , director of Joint Initiative for Community Care , says : ‘ It is absolutely crazy that anyone can set up a home care agency with no form of regulation whatsoever .
as lesley bell , director of joint initiative for community care , says : ‘ it is absolutely crazy that anyone can set up a home care agency with no form of [rule] whatsoever .

The fact that Freeman is writing primarily for the social work profession is apparent , for instance , in the extent to which the legal regulation of substitute care is dealt with in depth .
the fact that freeman is writing primarily for the social work profession is apparent , for instance , in the extent to which the legal [rule] of substitute care is dealt with in depth .

Analysis of transcriptional regulation by Myc and Max proteins in mammalian cells is limited by endogenous Myc and Max .
analysis of transcriptional [rule] by myc and max proteins in mammalian cells is limited by endogenous myc and max .

Tyrosine phosphorylation and dephosphorylation are central to the process of growth regulation , differentiation and oncogenesis .
tyrosine phosphorylation and dephosphorylation are central to the process of growth [rule] , differentiation and oncogenesis .

Regulation of transmitter release could occur at any of the sequence of events leading from Ca 2+ entry to exocytosis , through the mobilization , docking and fusion of vesicles at release sites in the presynaptic terminal .
[rule] of transmitter release could occur at any of the sequence of events leading from ca 2+ entry to exocytosis , through the mobilization , docking and fusion of vesicles at release sites in the presynaptic terminal .

It is through its regulation of intracellular calcium that InsP 3 functions to regulate so many cellular processes .
it is through its [rule] of intracellular calcium that insp 3 functions to regulate so many cellular processes .

Japan may thus end up with a financial system that is caught halfway between freedom and regulation , and more dangerous than either .
japan may thus end up with a financial system that is caught halfway between freedom and [rule] , and more dangerous than either .

London 's traditional advantages — light but effective regulation , lots of established firms , liquidity — are in any event being eroded as other centres catch up .
london 's traditional advantages — light but effective [rule] , lots of established firms , liquidity — are in any event being eroded as other centres catch up .

Further regulation is not likely to improve things .
further [rule] is not likely to improve things .

It would embrace such novel reforms ( for Lloyd 's ) as professional training , peer review , tight cost controls , tougher regulation , fuller disclosure of information from a better database , and centralisation of back-office functions .
it would embrace such novel reforms ( for lloyd 's ) as professional training , peer review , tight cost controls , tougher [rule] , fuller disclosure of information from a better database , and centralisation of back-office functions .

In service industries , regulation and protection have allowed Japanese companies to be around half as productive as America 's .
in service industries , [rule] and protection have allowed japanese companies to be around half as productive as america 's .

The effect of building regulation is still more roundabout .
the effect of building [rule] is still more roundabout .

But , because regulation depresses imports , the yen has started to go up again , forcing them to tighten belts some more .
but , because [rule] depresses imports , the yen has started to go up again , forcing them to tighten belts some more .

Refused admission to French prisons , he discovered an ancient regulation which permitted entry to those giving alms to the prisoners , so promptly made use of it .
refused admission to french prisons , he discovered an ancient [rule] which permitted entry to those giving alms to the prisoners , so promptly made use of it .

Sometimes some people wish to withdraw into settings deliberately chosen for their regulation and predictability , such as the armed forces , nunneries , monasteries — even prison itself .
sometimes some people wish to withdraw into settings deliberately chosen for their [rule] and predictability , such as the armed forces , nunneries , monasteries — even prison itself .

Different areas of legislation and regulation affect the likelihood of success for complainants in judicial review .
different areas of legislation and [rule] affect the likelihood of success for complainants in judicial review .

The broader test , however , is whether it is correct to extend regulation at all .
the broader test , however , is whether it is correct to extend [rule] at all .

Instead , supervisors should consider concentrating regulation — and deposit protection — on those ( shrinking ) bits of banks ' activities which there is truly a public interest in protecting .
instead , supervisors should consider concentrating [rule] — and deposit protection — on those ( shrinking ) bits of banks ' activities which there is truly a public interest in protecting .

But given the lack of effective regulation , and the propensity of most managers to find chumps for their rising stars or champions to flatten , the matches are often mismatches .
but given the lack of effective [rule] , and the propensity of most managers to find chumps for their rising stars or champions to flatten , the matches are often mismatches .

It is widely accepted that City regulation is too fragmented to meet the challenges of insider-dealing and market manipulation .
it is widely accepted that city [rule] is too fragmented to meet the challenges of insider-dealing and market manipulation .

That is why environmentalists have often clamoured for regulation , as the best way to conceal the true costs of policy .
that is why environmentalists have often clamoured for [rule] , as the best way to conceal the true costs of policy .

Trade in recyclables is the Achilles heel of waste regulation .
trade in recyclables is the achilles heel of waste [rule] .

For many of them , indeed , reform in health care and elsewhere is best achieved through command-and-control regulation .
for many of them , indeed , reform in health care and elsewhere is best achieved through command-and-control [rule] .

He said he would reduce regulation ; he did .
he said he would reduce [rule] ; he did .

Naval patronage was regularly used , within the limits imposed by regulation , to sustain a political interest , and even if the powers of a flag officer in the field of promotion were restricted in Europe , an officer in command of a ship , or in a position to influence that commander , could still place boys on the first rung of the promotional ladder by securing for them appointments as midshipmen or , failing that , captain 's servants .
naval patronage was regularly used , within the limits imposed by [rule] , to sustain a political interest , and even if the powers of a flag officer in the field of promotion were restricted in europe , an officer in command of a ship , or in a position to influence that commander , could still place boys on the first rung of the promotional ladder by securing for them appointments as midshipmen or , failing that , captain 's servants .

Thus the generation of the framework of British child welfare legislation never derived simply from the interests of the child ; instead the dominant force was the need for social regulation .
thus the generation of the framework of british child welfare legislation never derived simply from the interests of the child ; instead the dominant force was the need for social [rule] .

The essence of his argument is that , during the course of the twentieth century , British society has been characterised by increasing economic regulation and increasing moral licence .
the essence of his argument is that , during the course of the twentieth century , british society has been characterised by increasing economic [rule] and increasing moral licence .

Moral regulation was now more often brought about through coercion rather than consent .
moral [rule] was now more often brought about through coercion rather than consent .

It meant , in effect , a new ‘ modality ’ of control over these aspects — a more privatised and ‘ person-focused ’ regulation .
it meant , in effect , a new ‘ modality ’ of control over these aspects — a more privatised and ‘ person-focused ’ [rule] .

Finally , he argues , none of the changes went unchallenged , and the transformations in regulation and domination that occurred in the period themselves resulted in new forms of resistance and , in particular , in the women 's and gay movements of the 1970s and 1980s .
finally , he argues , none of the changes went unchallenged , and the transformations in [rule] and domination that occurred in the period themselves resulted in new forms of resistance and , in particular , in the women 's and gay movements of the 1970s and 1980s .

Informalisation or permissiveness is seen as involving increasingly less regulation and less formality over rules of conduct , a relaxation in standards that seems at odds with the civilising movement identified by Elias .
informalisation or permissiveness is seen as involving increasingly less [rule] and less formality over rules of conduct , a relaxation in standards that seems at odds with the civilising movement identified by elias .

As higher levels of self-restraint have been achieved , so the social regulation of behaviour has become more lenient , more flexible and more differentiated .
as higher levels of self-restraint have been achieved , so the social [rule] of behaviour has become more lenient , more flexible and more differentiated .

On the other hand , it may have been indicative of the increased regulation that went along with this .
on the other hand , it may have been indicative of the increased [rule] that went along with this .

It has now to be adopted by the Council of Ministers to bring automatically into force three days later the Regulation of the Export of Cultural Goods to outside the European Community .
it has now to be adopted by the council of ministers to bring automatically into force three days later the [rule] of the export of cultural goods to outside the european community .

The Southern member states are pushing for this to happen straightaway without having thought through the format of the export document required by the Regulation .
the southern member states are pushing for this to happen straightaway without having thought through the format of the export document required by the [rule] .

The Directive on the return of cultural goods unlawfully removed from a member state is not ready for implementation yet , and , although the Regulation on the export of cultural goods to non-EC countries is , it will not enter into force until the Directive has been debated by the European Parliament and has returned to the Council of Ministers for final approval .
the directive on the return of cultural goods unlawfully removed from a member state is not ready for implementation yet , and , although the [rule] on the export of cultural goods to non-ec countries is , it will not enter into force until the directive has been debated by the european parliament and has returned to the council of ministers for final approval .

Three days after the publication of the Directive , the Regulation enters into force ( ie , becomes national law ) and the art trade will have to comply with its requirements .
three days after the publication of the directive , the [rule] enters into force ( ie , becomes national law ) and the art trade will have to comply with its requirements .

Even so far as the Regulation is concerned , which may be operational in less than three months , several questions remain open .
even so far as the [rule] is concerned , which may be operational in less than three months , several questions remain open .

The Regulation to enter into force by the end of March , the Directive in October
the [rule] to enter into force by the end of march , the directive in october

Now Brodsky 's scrutiny has fallen on museums , who , he says , have sought resolutely to avoid regulation .
now brodsky 's scrutiny has fallen on museums , who , he says , have sought resolutely to avoid [rule] .

Given the size of the motion-picture audience it was inevitable that political authorities would become involved in some regulation of the industry even if it was only to be a question of safety and fire regulations , but what made the movies even more into a public issue was that they became a mass activity precisely at the moment when political parties and social agencies were more concerned than ever before with how the masses could be accommodated within cities .
given the size of the motion-picture audience it was inevitable that political authorities would become involved in some [rule] of the industry even if it was only to be a question of safety and fire regulations , but what made the movies even more into a public issue was that they became a mass activity precisely at the moment when political parties and social agencies were more concerned than ever before with how the masses could be accommodated within cities .

They are the notices which you are required to give to your local council 's Building Control department , to enable them to inspect your work for compliance with the appropriate regulation requirements .
they are the notices which you are required to give to your local council 's building control department , to enable them to inspect your work for compliance with the appropriate [rule] requirements .

The regulation distance that a soakaway must be from the nearest building has increased over the years .
the [rule] distance that a soakaway must be from the nearest building has increased over the years .

The academic field of industrial relations is typically defined as being the study of the various aspects of job regulation ( Bain and Clegg , 1974 ) , with a consequent attendant focus on rule-making in the employment relationship .
the academic field of industrial relations is typically defined as being the study of the various aspects of job [rule] ( bain and clegg , 1974 ) , with a consequent attendant focus on rule-making in the employment relationship .

It views the connection between culture and job regulation as occurring through the shaping influence of culture upon the attitudinal characteristics of the actors and , therefore , on their behaviour .
it views the connection between culture and job [rule] as occurring through the shaping influence of culture upon the attitudinal characteristics of the actors and , therefore , on their behaviour .

Marsh 's study of the engineering industry in Britain and West Germany adopts the standpoint that , whatever the form which industrial relations takes , similar topics for regulation will appear , thus providing a basis for comparison .
marsh 's study of the engineering industry in britain and west germany adopts the standpoint that , whatever the form which industrial relations takes , similar topics for [rule] will appear , thus providing a basis for comparison .

Where the main impetus towards collective action on the part of employers related to the regulation of trading and commercial matters what are now called trade associations were set up .
where the main impetus towards collective action on the part of employers related to the [rule] of trading and commercial matters what are now called trade associations were set up .

Secondly , to stimulate employer alliances for purposes of market regulation , especially in those industries with competitive product markets as a means of regulating wages and thereby helping to stabilise market conditions .
secondly , to stimulate employer alliances for purposes of market [rule] , especially in those industries with competitive product markets as a means of regulating wages and thereby helping to stabilise market conditions .

Moreover , given that such firms will wish to attain stable parameters for future planning within the undertaking over extended time-horizons , in order to reduce uncertainty , the need to secure market regulation will not be the only motivation to associate .
moreover , given that such firms will wish to attain stable parameters for future planning within the undertaking over extended time-horizons , in order to reduce uncertainty , the need to secure market [rule] will not be the only motivation to associate .

There may also be a need for more predictable and controlled behaviour on the part of the labour force , particularly in relation to the calling of strikes ; that is , a desire for labour , as well as for market , regulation and control .
there may also be a need for more predictable and controlled behaviour on the part of the labour force , particularly in relation to the calling of strikes ; that is , a desire for labour , as well as for market , [rule] and control .

In addition to the factors already discussed , the main stimulus to employers ' organisation in a number of countries appears to have been less that of a counter to growing union power , or an attempt to achieve market or labour force regulation , and more a response to what was perceived as a threat to common employer interests arising from increasing state intervention .
in addition to the factors already discussed , the main stimulus to employers ' organisation in a number of countries appears to have been less that of a counter to growing union power , or an attempt to achieve market or labour force [rule] , and more a response to what was perceived as a threat to common employer interests arising from increasing state intervention .

In Germany , for instance , important unions initially grew out of the socialist political movement itself , but they failed to achieve recognition in heavy industry because of employer resistance to the whole idea of joint regulation of employment which was interpreted as a political challenge to employer power and authority .
in germany , for instance , important unions initially grew out of the socialist political movement itself , but they failed to achieve recognition in heavy industry because of employer resistance to the whole idea of joint [rule] of employment which was interpreted as a political challenge to employer power and authority .

In countries where there is a large degree of regulation of the terms of employment by the state , the role of collective bargaining may be correspondingly reduced .
in countries where there is a large degree of [rule] of the terms of employment by the state , the role of collective bargaining may be correspondingly reduced .

Nevertheless , over the past 30 years statutory regulation has diminished somewhat in importance in France and collective bargaining has developed considerably , doing much more than filling the gaps left by legislation .
nevertheless , over the past 30 years statutory [rule] has diminished somewhat in importance in france and collective bargaining has developed considerably , doing much more than filling the gaps left by legislation .

Nevertheless , such third-party regulation often incorporates and consolidates employment terms which have already been agreed via prior negotiations between unions and employers .
nevertheless , such third-party [rule] often incorporates and consolidates employment terms which have already been agreed via prior negotiations between unions and employers .

In this sense the Australian compulsory arbitration system , although a form of statutory regulation , may also be regarded as part of a collective bargaining system ( Clegg , 1976 ) .
in this sense the australian compulsory arbitration system , although a form of statutory [rule] , may also be regarded as part of a collective bargaining system ( clegg , 1976 ) .

This interest in wage regulation , standardising and setting a floor to wage costs — thereby limiting competitive wage and price-cutting — was especially prevalent in labour-intensive industries where labour costs formed a relatively high proportion of total costs .
this interest in wage [rule] , standardising and setting a floor to wage costs — thereby limiting competitive wage and price-cutting — was especially prevalent in labour-intensive industries where labour costs formed a relatively high proportion of total costs .

In companies such as Fiat and Olivetti the unions secured regulation of investment and development policy via decentralised negotiations ( von Beyme , 1980 ) .
in companies such as fiat and olivetti the unions secured [rule] of investment and development policy via decentralised negotiations ( von beyme , 1980 ) .

As a consequence of these differing structures of job regulation , notable differences in the behaviour of workplace representatives are apparent .
as a consequence of these differing structures of job [rule] , notable differences in the behaviour of workplace representatives are apparent .

This link between an ethical ( as well as social ) concern about interest and particularly strict regulation of consumer credit transactions involving interest is still something to bear in mind today .
this link between an ethical ( as well as social ) concern about interest and particularly strict [rule] of consumer credit transactions involving interest is still something to bear in mind today .

Credit sale was exempt if there were less than five instalments , and was generally subject to less regulation .
credit sale was exempt if there were less than five instalments , and was generally subject to less [rule] .

Looking back nearly a decade later , many might feel that the principle emerging from the Committee 's recommendations as most important for consumers was that consumer credit , whatever its apparent form , should be subject to one single system of regulation .
looking back nearly a decade later , many might feel that the principle emerging from the committee 's recommendations as most important for consumers was that consumer credit , whatever its apparent form , should be subject to one single system of [rule] .

Yet the Act 's regulation of credit firms and transactions is minutely detailed , and often stringent .
yet the act 's [rule] of credit firms and transactions is minutely detailed , and often stringent .

On the other hand , this close and detailed regulation of credit also fits closely into the general pattern of consumer protection of its time .
on the other hand , this close and detailed [rule] of credit also fits closely into the general pattern of consumer protection of its time .

This brief look at the context of current consumer credit regulation suggests to us two lessons which seem important to any consideration of consumer credit now .
this brief look at the context of current consumer credit [rule] suggests to us two lessons which seem important to any consideration of consumer credit now .

First , any traditional mistrust of credit as such which may have inclined people towards its close regulation must be dissociated from a practical concern about genuine risks of abuse , exploitation or harmful confusion .
first , any traditional mistrust of credit as such which may have inclined people towards its close [rule] must be dissociated from a practical concern about genuine risks of abuse , exploitation or harmful confusion .

Secondly , and by much the same token , we would condemn any suggestion that there is merit in regulation almost for its own sake : our justification for regulation can be only some real need to prevent what is unfair or damaging .
secondly , and by much the same token , we would condemn any suggestion that there is merit in [rule] almost for its own sake : our justification for [rule] can be only some real need to prevent what is unfair or damaging .

First , we would prefer to leave people as free from regulation as possible in their choice of credit arrangements , as a matter of general principle .
first , we would prefer to leave people as free from [rule] as possible in their choice of credit arrangements , as a matter of general principle .

But there are two ways in which the informed use of lower-cost credit may be encouraged by processes beyond regulation .
but there are two ways in which the informed use of lower-cost credit may be encouraged by processes beyond [rule] .

The Institute of Trading Standards Administration , which told us that some of its members are finding follow-on credit a problem in some places , suggested to us that , by regulation , follow-on agreements should count as one single agreement .
the institute of trading standards administration , which told us that some of its members are finding follow-on credit a problem in some places , suggested to us that , by [rule] , follow-on agreements should count as one single agreement .

As may already have become clear , we would generally prefer to avoid suggesting regulation as a means of improvement if other means would serve as well .
as may already have become clear , we would generally prefer to avoid suggesting [rule] as a means of improvement if other means would serve as well .

In this case , we feel that the regulation would be difficult to enforce , because of the relatively intimate circumstances in which such transactions are made : successful enforcement would depend a lot on alerting users of this type of credit to the disadvantages of following-on and the ways in which regulation could help .
in this case , we feel that the [rule] would be difficult to enforce , because of the relatively intimate circumstances in which such transactions are made : successful enforcement would depend a lot on alerting users of this type of credit to the disadvantages of following-on and the ways in which [rule] could help .

But we recognise that any regulation requiring this would be very difficult to enforce .
but we recognise that any [rule] requiring this would be very difficult to enforce .

Regulation should require that the rate and amount of any commission should be clearly set out in the credit agreement which the customer signs .
[rule] should require that the rate and amount of any commission should be clearly set out in the credit agreement which the customer signs .

18.1 Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement or required by statute , law or regulation shall , unless otherwise provided for , be in writing , and shall be delivered in person , sent by registered mail or air mail as appropriate , properly posted and fully pre-paid in an envelope properly addressed , or sent by telefax or by telex to the respective Parties as specified above or to such other address , telefax or telex number as may from time to time be designated by notice hereunder .
18.1 any notice required or permitted under the terms of this agreement or required by statute , law or [rule] shall , unless otherwise provided for , be in writing , and shall be delivered in person , sent by registered mail or air mail as appropriate , properly posted and fully pre-paid in an envelope properly addressed , or sent by telefax or by telex to the respective parties as specified above or to such other address , telefax or telex number as may from time to time be designated by notice hereunder .

At a minimum , state elites must maintain this domination against potential internal and external challengers , be able to make binding rules for state sub-organizations and groups and institutions in the society , and be able to enforce and manage those rules — through police , judicial and administrative regulation .
at a minimum , state elites must maintain this domination against potential internal and external challengers , be able to make binding rules for state sub-organizations and groups and institutions in the society , and be able to enforce and manage those rules — through police , judicial and administrative [rule] .

In America recalcitrant administrators who implement the regulation of industry with excessive enthusiasm are noticed , and quickly purchased for private sector employment if they are exceptionally meritorious .
in america recalcitrant administrators who implement the [rule] of industry with excessive enthusiasm are noticed , and quickly purchased for private sector employment if they are exceptionally meritorious .

The regulation of monopolies , for example , is more honoured in the breach than the observance — as with the American antitrust laws .
the [rule] of monopolies , for example , is more honoured in the breach than the observance — as with the american antitrust laws .

The history of welfare state legislation and of political interventions to manage economic development is interpreted as a fairly consistent chronicle of dominant business interests recognizing that government regulation protects their established position from new sources of competition at home or abroad , or fosters growth in demand which they could not secure by other means .
the history of welfare state legislation and of political interventions to manage economic development is interpreted as a fairly consistent chronicle of dominant business interests recognizing that government [rule] protects their established position from new sources of competition at home or abroad , or fosters growth in demand which they could not secure by other means .

The growth of the welfare state , macro-economic regulation using Keynesian policies , and the expansion of administrative law are all the products of capitalist demands for the education , socialization , and disciplining of their workforces .
the growth of the welfare state , macro-economic [rule] using keynesian policies , and the expansion of administrative law are all the products of capitalist demands for the education , socialization , and disciplining of their workforces .

In their absence , Nordlinger implies that conflict regulation will not occur and Lijphart 's centrifugal democracy will degenerate into civil war .
in their absence , nordlinger implies that conflict [rule] will not occur and lijphart 's centrifugal democracy will degenerate into civil war .

But no attempt to dismantle radically the fabric of state regulation or public service provision has yet been pushed through in any liberal democracy , so that the public policy configuration now remains quite distinct from that prevailing before 1945 .
but no attempt to dismantle radically the fabric of state [rule] or public service provision has yet been pushed through in any liberal democracy , so that the public policy configuration now remains quite distinct from that prevailing before 1945 .

Fusion between government and business institutions was enforced by the political and economic crisis of the 1930s which compelled state officials and monopoly capitalists to pursue joint regulation of the capitalist economy in an attempt to manage its contradictions .
fusion between government and business institutions was enforced by the political and economic crisis of the 1930s which compelled state officials and monopoly capitalists to pursue joint [rule] of the capitalist economy in an attempt to manage its contradictions .

The three main forms of regulation of press reporting of sexual offences are , firstly , that embodied in the Sexual Offences Amendment Act 1976 , secondly , the Press Council administered Code of Practice , and thirdly , the libel laws .
the three main forms of [rule] of press reporting of sexual offences are , firstly , that embodied in the sexual offences amendment act 1976 , secondly , the press council administered code of practice , and thirdly , the libel laws .

In relation to the material we are discussing there are already forms of legal restriction over the material which constitute regulation , though this is not usually called censorship .
in relation to the material we are discussing there are already forms of legal restriction over the material which constitute [rule] , though this is not usually called censorship .

For instance , the development of satellite television which necessarily decreases government control has been welcomed and there is a policy of decreasing the regulation over existing commercial television .
for instance , the development of satellite television which necessarily decreases government control has been welcomed and there is a policy of decreasing the [rule] over existing commercial television .

• Regulation of Capital Markets
• [rule] of capital markets

This is a particularly important role at a time when systems of monitoring and regulation are changing and consumer concerns need to be effectively represented .
this is a particularly important role at a time when systems of monitoring and [rule] are changing and consumer concerns need to be effectively represented .

Ideally you should have some knowledge of regulation and control systems and how they work , an understanding of central and local government operations , and European experience in a relevant field .
ideally you should have some knowledge of [rule] and control systems and how they work , an understanding of central and local government operations , and european experience in a relevant field .

Building regulation approval may also be required .
building [rule] approval may also be required .

Offset against this return will be all the various costs involved in the development , including : Professional fees Architects ' fees Planning and building regulation fees National House-Building Council fees Services Foul and storm water sewers Electricity Gas Water Telephone and street lighting Roads and footpaths House and construction costs Types and floor area and price per square metre Plot siteworks Drainage Fences Drives and paths Landscaping Marketing costs Legal fees Agents ' fees and advertising costs Administration and overheads General overheads Interest calculated from projected cash flow Profit expected
offset against this return will be all the various costs involved in the development , including : professional fees architects ' fees planning and building [rule] fees national house-building council fees services foul and storm water sewers electricity gas water telephone and street lighting roads and footpaths house and construction costs types and floor area and price per square metre plot siteworks drainage fences drives and paths landscaping marketing costs legal fees agents ' fees and advertising costs administration and overheads general overheads interest calculated from projected cash flow profit expected

Step one saw the arrival of a regulation urn of ashes , sent to us direct by the patient 's family , who would also notify the Condolence-Letter Department in Berlin , with whom we worked in parallel .
step one saw the arrival of a [rule] urn of ashes , sent to us direct by the patient 's family , who would also notify the condolence-letter department in berlin , with whom we worked in parallel .

But the appropriate remedies might be divestment , regulation , or removal of entry barriers rather than fines .
but the appropriate remedies might be divestment , [rule] , or removal of entry barriers rather than fines .

In practice , firms may be protected from entry by regulation , and therefore have no need to take steps to deter potential competitors .
in practice , firms may be protected from entry by [rule] , and therefore have no need to take steps to deter potential competitors .

divestment , or regulation , or to seek undertakings from firms , even where there is no identifiable abuse .
divestment , or [rule] , or to seek undertakings from firms , even where there is no identifiable abuse .

To go back a little , there is much to be said for spending six months to a year ( a small-minded regulation forbids any longer time ) in a solicitor 's office before pupillage .
to go back a little , there is much to be said for spending six months to a year ( a small-minded [rule] forbids any longer time ) in a solicitor 's office before pupillage .

This perception continues to prevail , hence , while the bill of lading continues to be the subject of considerable national and international regulation , the charter party has until very recently attracted little regulatory attention .
this perception continues to prevail , hence , while the bill of lading continues to be the subject of considerable national and international [rule] , the charter party has until very recently attracted little regulatory attention .

The government did not have to concern itself with the balance of payments ( which was always expected to be favourable or self-adjusting ) , free trade meant that there was no need for elaborate connections with industry , the level of employment had to be left to the supply and demand for labour , and all that the government should do was elementary regulation in the interests of those sections of the community unable to defend themselves .
the government did not have to concern itself with the balance of payments ( which was always expected to be favourable or self-adjusting ) , free trade meant that there was no need for elaborate connections with industry , the level of employment had to be left to the supply and demand for labour , and all that the government should do was elementary [rule] in the interests of those sections of the community unable to defend themselves .

This is a fantasy , but a fantasy with immediate ideological consequences ; relations of consumption have become as important an aspect of class struggle as relations of production , as important an issue , that is , for state regulation ( or lack of regulation ) , corporate investment and social control .
this is a fantasy , but a fantasy with immediate ideological consequences ; relations of consumption have become as important an aspect of class struggle as relations of production , as important an issue , that is , for state [rule] ( or lack of [rule] ) , corporate investment and social control .

The choices involved must be market choices , and this is the whole thrust of the developing Tory strategy on leisure licences and regulation .
the choices involved must be market choices , and this is the whole thrust of the developing tory strategy on leisure licences and [rule] .

Thus it was in the period of the Welsh court poets ( the Gogynfeirdd ) , at a time of severe political crisis under the encroachments of English power in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries , that the strictest regulation and formalization ( in most people 's opinion , also , the isolation and specialization ) of the rules of poetic composition can be found .
thus it was in the period of the welsh court poets ( the gogynfeirdd ) , at a time of severe political crisis under the encroachments of english power in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries , that the strictest [rule] and formalization ( in most people 's opinion , also , the isolation and specialization ) of the rules of poetic composition can be found .

Another is that governments must be cautious in their regulatory policies , avoiding ‘ excessive ’ regulation that might damage profitability ; governments that ‘ go too far ’ may be subjected to direct industry pressure to dilute regulatory regimes .
another is that governments must be cautious in their regulatory policies , avoiding ‘ excessive ’ [rule] that might damage profitability ; governments that ‘ go too far ’ may be subjected to direct industry pressure to dilute regulatory regimes .

It has been suggested further that corporate ambitions extend beyond influencing the detail of regulation , with Reagan for instance claiming that ‘ … corporations are not only much concerned to protect their own immediate legislative interests , but are reaching out in an attempt to create a business-oriented political and social framework within which all public decision-making would be constrained .
it has been suggested further that corporate ambitions extend beyond influencing the detail of [rule] , with reagan for instance claiming that ‘ … corporations are not only much concerned to protect their own immediate legislative interests , but are reaching out in an attempt to create a business-oriented political and social framework within which all public decision-making would be constrained .

The importance of the concession theory is that it establishes a theoretical framework sympathetic to state intervention ; the company is a creature of the state , existing to promote the public welfare , and as such the state has the right to interfere in its internal affairs and need not confine itself to external , general-law regulation .
the importance of the concession theory is that it establishes a theoretical framework sympathetic to state intervention ; the company is a creature of the state , existing to promote the public welfare , and as such the state has the right to interfere in its internal affairs and need not confine itself to external , general-law [rule] .

On the other hand , if the single-minded pursuit of profits ( as constrained by external regulation ) is liable to damage the public interest , then this will require a modification of the existing set of shareholder rights and the framework of company law that upholds them .
on the other hand , if the single-minded pursuit of profits ( as constrained by external [rule] ) is liable to damage the public interest , then this will require a modification of the existing set of shareholder rights and the framework of company law that upholds them .

It may therefore be that while a perfectly competitive market composed of producers big enough to benefit fully from economies of scale would be the ideal , something like the existing state of affairs , particularly against a background of merger control and regulation of anti-competitive practices , is the best realisable outcome .
it may therefore be that while a perfectly competitive market composed of producers big enough to benefit fully from economies of scale would be the ideal , something like the existing state of affairs , particularly against a background of merger control and [rule] of anti-competitive practices , is the best realisable outcome .

In aggregate , it will certainly be a greater cause of loss than the various forms of self-dealing , discussed in Chapter 7 , which have generated a substantial body of case law and are subject to detailed statutory regulation .
in aggregate , it will certainly be a greater cause of loss than the various forms of self-dealing , discussed in chapter 7 , which have generated a substantial body of case law and are subject to detailed statutory [rule] .

Thus , it has been suggested that ‘ the likely effect of legal regulation on top of that already provided by the markets … would be an inefficient and otherwise undesirable distortion of managerial behaviour ’ .
thus , it has been suggested that ‘ the likely effect of legal [rule] on top of that already provided by the markets … would be an inefficient and otherwise undesirable distortion of managerial behaviour ’ .

It seems to me therefore , without laying down the proposition that the Moray Firth is for every purpose within the territorial sovereignty , it can at least be clearly said that the appellant can not make out his proposition that it is inconceivable that the British legislature should attempt for fishery regulation to legislate against all and sundry in such a place .
it seems to me therefore , without laying down the proposition that the moray firth is for every purpose within the territorial sovereignty , it can at least be clearly said that the appellant can not make out his proposition that it is inconceivable that the british legislature should attempt for fishery [rule] to legislate against all and sundry in such a place .

Again , it is not easy to generalize ; much depends on the institution , the subject and the general framework of regulation and control .
again , it is not easy to generalize ; much depends on the institution , the subject and the general framework of [rule] and control .

Theorists of the ‘ regulation ’ school , such as Aglietta ( 1979 ) , regard Fordism as something which will increasingly be con fined to the less developed industries , themselves tending to be located within less developed areas of the world economy , as capitalism becomes ever more institutionalized .
theorists of the ‘ [rule] ’ school , such as aglietta ( 1979 ) , regard fordism as something which will increasingly be con fined to the less developed industries , themselves tending to be located within less developed areas of the world economy , as capitalism becomes ever more institutionalized .

The effect of the Treaties and any given regulation or directive is ultimately a question of interpretation for the European Court .
the effect of the treaties and any given [rule] or directive is ultimately a question of interpretation for the european court .

The question of the Rent Acts ' regulation of tenancies is in the main irrelevant , since this legislation applies primarily to domestic tenancies , and business tenancies are outside the scope of the Rent Acts .
the question of the rent acts ' [rule] of tenancies is in the main irrelevant , since this legislation applies primarily to domestic tenancies , and business tenancies are outside the scope of the rent acts .

Braudel 1981 : 311 ; Mukerji 1983 : 179–82 ; Sennett 1976 ) , a form of regulation common to a large range of societies ( e.g .
braudel 1981 : 311 ; mukerji 1983 : 179–82 ; sennett 1976 ) , a form of [rule] common to a large range of societies ( e.g .

The theoretical framework of regulation was developed in France in the 1970s and first published as a coherent and comprehensive approach to studying the dynamics of capitalist economies by Aglietta ( 1979 ) .
the theoretical framework of [rule] was developed in france in the 1970s and first published as a coherent and comprehensive approach to studying the dynamics of capitalist economies by aglietta ( 1979 ) .

Taking the national economy as the basic unit of analysis , regulation is analysed at two levels : the mechanisms of regulation within the country 's economy , and those mechanisms that regulate the economic relations between countries .
taking the national economy as the basic unit of analysis , [rule] is analysed at two levels : the mechanisms of [rule] within the country 's economy , and those mechanisms that regulate the economic relations between countries .

The regulationist approach explains periods of structural change such as the ‘ crossroads years ’ of the 1970s and 1980s in terms of the breakdown of one mode of regulation and the possible shifts toward a new one .
the regulationist approach explains periods of structural change such as the ‘ crossroads years ’ of the 1970s and 1980s in terms of the breakdown of one mode of [rule] and the possible shifts toward a new one .

For regulationist theories the history of capitalist development has been a series of phases each dominated by a different combination of regime of accumulation and mode of regulation .
for regulationist theories the history of capitalist development has been a series of phases each dominated by a different combination of regime of accumulation and mode of [rule] .

There is a strong notion of system , and each historical phase is brought to an end by internal changes within that system , perhaps by the exhaustion of the regime of accumulation or by the stifling of accumulation by the mode of regulation of society .
there is a strong notion of system , and each historical phase is brought to an end by internal changes within that system , perhaps by the exhaustion of the regime of accumulation or by the stifling of accumulation by the mode of [rule] of society .

In the enforcement of regulation , a distinct aversion is noticeable to sanctioning rule-breaking with punishment .
in the enforcement of [rule] , a distinct aversion is noticeable to sanctioning rule-breaking with punishment .

Implicit in this stance is a conception that criminal law enforcement is properly a matter of compulsion , which leads , inexorably it seems , to a conclusion that regulation has failed .
implicit in this stance is a conception that criminal law enforcement is properly a matter of compulsion , which leads , inexorably it seems , to a conclusion that [rule] has failed .

The enforcement of regulation incorporates elements of sanctioning strategy .
the enforcement of [rule] incorporates elements of sanctioning strategy .

Where enforcement in a sanctioning system is occasionally dramatic , securing compliance with regulation has little potential for drama .
where enforcement in a sanctioning system is occasionally dramatic , securing compliance with [rule] has little potential for drama .

One of the themes of this book is that strategies of control employed in the enforcement of pollution regulations are shaped by features inherent in the nature of regulation itself .
one of the themes of this book is that strategies of control employed in the enforcement of pollution regulations are shaped by features inherent in the nature of [rule] itself .

Regulatory agencies must operate in a political environment , for regulation is intended to preserve the sometimes fragile balance between the interests of economic activity on the one hand and the public welfare on the other .
regulatory agencies must operate in a political environment , for [rule] is intended to preserve the sometimes fragile balance between the interests of economic activity on the one hand and the public welfare on the other .

These constituencies are a reflection of ideological differences and represent opposing positions on the fundamental political dilemma of regulation : the extent to which economic restraint by the imposition of legal rules is justifiable ( Edelman , 1964:22 ff .
these constituencies are a reflection of ideological differences and represent opposing positions on the fundamental political dilemma of [rule] : the extent to which economic restraint by the imposition of legal rules is justifiable ( edelman , 1964:22 ff .

From time to time they surface to make regulation a topic of political debate .
from time to time they surface to make [rule] a topic of political debate .

The business constituency , on the other hand , views much regulation as an unjustifiable intrusion by the State .
the business constituency , on the other hand , views much [rule] as an unjustifiable intrusion by the state .

It proclaims the burdens of pollution control regulation , displaying industry as suffocating under costly yet trivial constraints .
it proclaims the burdens of pollution control [rule] , displaying industry as suffocating under costly yet trivial constraints .

The business constituency not only wants to be as little burdened as possible with the costs of complying with regulation , it is also critical of what it sees as inordinate amounts of money being spent on pollution control by bloated , publicly-funded organizations .
the business constituency not only wants to be as little burdened as possible with the costs of complying with [rule] , it is also critical of what it sees as inordinate amounts of money being spent on pollution control by bloated , publicly-funded organizations .

The resulting sense of vulnerability is the more acute because regulation implies a degree of tolerance about the activity causing concern , rather than its elimination .
the resulting sense of vulnerability is the more acute because [rule] implies a degree of tolerance about the activity causing concern , rather than its elimination .

Pollution control work , then , is typical of the many areas of social control characterized by goals of regulation rather than repression .
pollution control work , then , is typical of the many areas of social control characterized by goals of [rule] rather than repression .

Regulation is a practical compromise between the benefits and harms of unfettered economic activity .
[rule] is a practical compromise between the benefits and harms of unfettered economic activity .

‘ The real source of deviation in such areas ’ , writes Lemert ( 1972:55 ) , ‘ is not necessarily change in the behavior of the subjects of regulation , but may be the imposition of new rules which define existing behavior , or behavior consistent with older norms , as now deviant .
‘ the real source of deviation in such areas ’ , writes lemert ( 1972:55 ) , ‘ is not necessarily change in the behavior of the subjects of [rule] , but may be the imposition of new rules which define existing behavior , or behavior consistent with older norms , as now deviant .

’ As soon as we talk of ‘ regulation ’ rather than repression , we admit the necessity of discretionary enforcement and open the way to controversy .
’ as soon as we talk of ‘ [rule] ’ rather than repression , we admit the necessity of discretionary enforcement and open the way to controversy .

There is a reluctance , prima facie , to regard a breach of regulation as morally reprehensible , since the conduct addressed is widely regarded as ‘ morally neutral ’ ( Kadish , 1963 ; also Ball and Friedman , 1965 ; Fuller , 1942 ; Yoder , 1978 ) , in contrast with those behaviours which are the stuff of traditional criminal law .
there is a reluctance , prima facie , to regard a breach of [rule] as morally reprehensible , since the conduct addressed is widely regarded as ‘ morally neutral ’ ( kadish , 1963 ; also ball and friedman , 1965 ; fuller , 1942 ; yoder , 1978 ) , in contrast with those behaviours which are the stuff of traditional criminal law .

Most people , indeed , are unwilling to talk of ‘ crime ’ when they discuss breach of pollution regulations : this sort of language is considered appropriate only where clearly blameworthy conduct exists — where there is a calculated breach of regulation , or where the polluting substance concerned is widely known to be dangerous and there was carelessness or recklessness in handling it .
most people , indeed , are unwilling to talk of ‘ crime ’ when they discuss breach of pollution regulations : this sort of language is considered appropriate only where clearly blameworthy conduct exists — where there is a calculated breach of [rule] , or where the polluting substance concerned is widely known to be dangerous and there was carelessness or recklessness in handling it .

One is that regulation seeks to control economic life , yet it is this which is recognized as responsible for the material well-being of the community .
one is that [rule] seeks to control economic life , yet it is this which is recognized as responsible for the material well-being of the community .

Pollution , for example , became a problem suitable for regulation by the criminal law as a result of nineteenth-century industrialization and urbanization ( Brenner , 1974 ) .
pollution , for example , became a problem suitable for [rule] by the criminal law as a result of nineteenth-century industrialization and urbanization ( brenner , 1974 ) .

The harms which are associated with breaches of regulation also encourage a degree of moral ambivalence .
the harms which are associated with breaches of [rule] also encourage a degree of moral ambivalence .

Thirdly , regulatory agencies are specialist enforcement authorities , having a finite domain of control , consisting of particular behaviour and involving only a segment of the population at large , defined by the kind of economic activity subject to regulation .
thirdly , regulatory agencies are specialist enforcement authorities , having a finite domain of control , consisting of particular behaviour and involving only a segment of the population at large , defined by the kind of economic activity subject to [rule] .

Left unremarked in the discussion so far is the irony of the place of criminal punishment in a system which emphasizes conciliatory control based upon compliance . This irony prompts the questions which guided the research and which form the central problem addressed by this book : since those who are subject to regulation have good economic reason not to comply , how is compliance secured , given the frailty of the criminal sanction and its virtual disuse ? How is control effected where the law seeks to remedy a state of affairs ? What is the place of the formal legal process in regulatory enforcement ?
left unremarked in the discussion so far is the irony of the place of criminal punishment in a system which emphasizes conciliatory control based upon compliance . this irony prompts the questions which guided the research and which form the central problem addressed by this book : since those who are subject to [rule] have good economic reason not to comply , how is compliance secured , given the frailty of the criminal sanction and its virtual disuse ? how is control effected where the law seeks to remedy a state of affairs ? what is the place of the formal legal process in regulatory enforcement ?

Regulation and its enforcement are treated as social processes .
[rule] and its enforcement are treated as social processes .

To look at the enforcement of regulation may help refine some of the present conceptions of enforcement behaviour and organizational deviance , while regard for the enforcement of prohibitions may sharpen perspectives on the nature of traditional crime .
to look at the enforcement of [rule] may help refine some of the present conceptions of enforcement behaviour and organizational deviance , while regard for the enforcement of prohibitions may sharpen perspectives on the nature of traditional crime .

The essence of regulation is a conception that law is the means by which some notion of the public good is to take precedence over narrow economic interests .
the essence of [rule] is a conception that law is the means by which some notion of the public good is to take precedence over narrow economic interests .

The result was the creation of large-scale public bureaucracies designed for the efficient regulation of water use .
the result was the creation of large-scale public bureaucracies designed for the efficient [rule] of water use .

The new mills , factories and works tended to be in more or less remote places , partly because of the need to be near a falling stream for the supply of power , and later to escape too close inspection and regulation of their uninhibited activities .
the new mills , factories and works tended to be in more or less remote places , partly because of the need to be near a falling stream for the supply of power , and later to escape too close inspection and [rule] of their uninhibited activities .

Moreover , in the interests of trade regulation , thrashed out after many years of conflict between coalowners , merchants , shipowners and government , colliers were loaded in sequence and sailed in convoy , giving even better opportunities than elsewhere for seamen , keel men and others to pressurize their employers by delay .
moreover , in the interests of trade [rule] , thrashed out after many years of conflict between coalowners , merchants , shipowners and government , colliers were loaded in sequence and sailed in convoy , giving even better opportunities than elsewhere for seamen , keel men and others to pressurize their employers by delay .

The Board 's role was defined as the prevention and adjustment of disputes , the establishment of standard wages and the regulation of employment .
the board 's role was defined as the prevention and adjustment of disputes , the establishment of standard wages and the [rule] of employment .

This might be explained by the fact that the former category are not the direct employees of the establishment and that their terms and conditions of employment are less subject to regulation by unions .
this might be explained by the fact that the former category are not the direct employees of the establishment and that their terms and conditions of employment are less subject to [rule] by unions .

Finally , it seems that despite the absence of formal systems of regulation , contract computer staff are potentially well protected from the vagaries of unscrupulous clients or agencies .
finally , it seems that despite the absence of formal systems of [rule] , contract computer staff are potentially well protected from the vagaries of unscrupulous clients or agencies .

This is because the founder of such a body is entitled to reserve to himself or to a visitor whom he appoints the exclusive right to adjudicate upon the domestic laws which the founder has established for the regulation of his bounty .
this is because the founder of such a body is entitled to reserve to himself or to a visitor whom he appoints the exclusive right to adjudicate upon the domestic laws which the founder has established for the [rule] of his bounty .

The regulation is thus achieved by defining roles , or areas of responsibilities , for individuals and groups , and formalizing the means of communication that can pass between them .
the [rule] is thus achieved by defining roles , or areas of responsibilities , for individuals and groups , and formalizing the means of communication that can pass between them .

However , they arrived slightly earlier for each meal , showing that without the regulation of the sun , their `` day `` shortens .
however , they arrived slightly earlier for each meal , showing that without the [rule] of the sun , their `` day `` shortens .

Her hair flowed lank and forbidden over her shoulders , crimped by the traces of regulation ribbons .
her hair flowed lank and forbidden over her shoulders , crimped by the traces of [rule] ribbons .

Chromium is a mineral which is thought to play a very important part in the regulation of blood sugar in the body .
chromium is a mineral which is thought to play a very important part in the [rule] of blood sugar in the body .

The legal regulation of police practice ill fits the theory that the fruits of police investigation are in principle no different from any other source of information ; that , as it were , a confession in the police station is no different from an admission made to a casual bystander .
the legal [rule] of police practice ill fits the theory that the fruits of police investigation are in principle no different from any other source of information ; that , as it were , a confession in the police station is no different from an admission made to a casual bystander .

The authority with which police results are invested by the legal regulation of police procedures is not necessarily warranted .
the authority with which police results are invested by the legal [rule] of police procedures is not necessarily warranted .

Dr Collier and others hope that this trial will remove the toxic cloak of secrecy surrounding their regulation .
dr collier and others hope that this trial will remove the toxic cloak of secrecy surrounding their [rule] .

Diminishing environment returns from refinements to petrol-driven cars and uncertainty over which alternative power sources to pursue will complicate the plan , according to motor industry experts who last week testified before the clean air and nuclear regulation subcommittee of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee .
diminishing environment returns from refinements to petrol-driven cars and uncertainty over which alternative power sources to pursue will complicate the plan , according to motor industry experts who last week testified before the clean air and nuclear [rule] subcommittee of the senate environment and public works committee .

In the meantime , Detroit hopes to get some help in tackling the research problems it faces in dealing with environmental regulation and is counting on better relations with Washington .
in the meantime , detroit hopes to get some help in tackling the research problems it faces in dealing with environmental [rule] and is counting on better relations with washington .

Their development was stimulated since 1964 with the establishment of the Housing Corporation which provides overall regulation of their affairs .
their development was stimulated since 1964 with the establishment of the housing corporation which provides overall [rule] of their affairs .

On 22 March 1988 a further notice under regulation 7 of the Police ( Discipline ) Regulations 1985 was served on the respondent .
on 22 march 1988 a further notice under [rule] 7 of the police ( discipline ) regulations 1985 was served on the respondent .

There were complaints of inordinate delay such as to make a fair trial impossible ; that regulation 7 notices were served far too late ; that the police officers were not interviewed until a year later , that being the first time that they were notified of any specific allegations against them .
there were complaints of inordinate delay such as to make a fair trial impossible ; that [rule] 7 notices were served far too late ; that the police officers were not interviewed until a year later , that being the first time that they were notified of any specific allegations against them .

As it excludes the concentration of these means of production , so it also excludes cooperation , division of labour within each separate process of production , the social control and regulation of the forces of nature , and the free development of the productive forces of society .
as it excludes the concentration of these means of production , so it also excludes cooperation , division of labour within each separate process of production , the social control and [rule] of the forces of nature , and the free development of the productive forces of society .

Whereas in hierarchically structured societies consumption of the most sought after goods was restricted to a relatively small class , in more democratic ones the mass of the population , no longer confined to the vicarious enjoyment of precious substances , was free to engage in their active consumption , unimpeded by sumptuary regulation , social disapproval or economic disability .
whereas in hierarchically structured societies consumption of the most sought after goods was restricted to a relatively small class , in more democratic ones the mass of the population , no longer confined to the vicarious enjoyment of precious substances , was free to engage in their active consumption , unimpeded by sumptuary [rule] , social disapproval or economic disability .

‘ It is the role of the court to safeguard the child 's welfare from inappropriate or unnecessary use of secure accommodation , both by satisfying itself that those making the application have demonstrated that the statutory criteria in section 25 ( 1 ) or regulation 6 , as appropriate , have been met and by having regard to the provisions and principles of section 1 of the Act .
‘ it is the role of the court to safeguard the child 's welfare from inappropriate or unnecessary use of secure accommodation , both by satisfying itself that those making the application have demonstrated that the statutory criteria in section 25 ( 1 ) or [rule] 6 , as appropriate , have been met and by having regard to the provisions and principles of section 1 of the act .

The Sublime Porte will grant the Servians , on their petition , the same privileges which her subjects in the Islands of the Archipelago , and in other parts , enjoy ; and will moreover confer upon them a mark of her generosity , by leaving the administration of their internal affairs to themselves — by imposing upon them moderate taxes , and receiving them only direct from them and by making the regulation requisite to this end in an understanding with the Servian nation themselves .
the sublime porte will grant the servians , on their petition , the same privileges which her subjects in the islands of the archipelago , and in other parts , enjoy ; and will moreover confer upon them a mark of her generosity , by leaving the administration of their internal affairs to themselves — by imposing upon them moderate taxes , and receiving them only direct from them and by making the [rule] requisite to this end in an understanding with the servian nation themselves .

Second , if a difference is found this may be due to a range of factors besides marking to the market with stochastic interest rates , such as default risk , liquidity , and regulation .
second , if a difference is found this may be due to a range of factors besides marking to the market with stochastic interest rates , such as default risk , liquidity , and [rule] .

Regulation has been introduced to prevent the logic of competition from destroying the system .
[rule] has been introduced to prevent the logic of competition from destroying the system .

In his first column for the Morning Post , February 16 , 1906 , he had dismissed contributory social insurance on the German pattern , as had all British investigating committees , with the standard view that it would require an ‘ un-British ’ amount of regulation of the individual .
in his first column for the morning post , february 16 , 1906 , he had dismissed contributory social insurance on the german pattern , as had all british investigating committees , with the standard view that it would require an ‘ un-british ’ amount of [rule] of the individual .

Regulation and rationing were not adopted reluctantly but as measures essential to the war effort .
[rule] and rationing were not adopted reluctantly but as measures essential to the war effort .

This discussion adds a fourth , the inherent limits to the regulation of tasks .
this discussion adds a fourth , the inherent limits to the [rule] of tasks .

As Rowntree put it , life on the poverty line is governed by the regulation that ‘ nothing must be bought but what is absolutely necessary for the maintenance of physical health ’ ( Rowntree , 1941 , p. 103 ) .
as rowntree put it , life on the poverty line is governed by the [rule] that ‘ nothing must be bought but what is absolutely necessary for the maintenance of physical health ’ ( rowntree , 1941 , p. 103 ) .

Walsh dropped him at long leg off Ambrose on 22 then , at 66 , crucially , David Williams , another first-timer at this level alongside Adams and Benjamin , floored a regulation catch behind , thereby allowing Hudson further demonstrations of a trademark straight drive .
walsh dropped him at long leg off ambrose on 22 then , at 66 , crucially , david williams , another first-timer at this level alongside adams and benjamin , floored a [rule] catch behind , thereby allowing hudson further demonstrations of a trademark straight drive .

Five single bp mutation derivatives of deoP2 with a 2–5-fold decrease in CytR regulation have been characterized .
five single bp mutation derivatives of deop2 with a 2–5-fold decrease in cytr [rule] have been characterized .

In vitro , the only effect of the mutations was a decrease in the binding affinity of CytR , and a clear correlation was observed between the reduction in CytR regulation in vivo and the reduction in CytR binding in vitro .
in vitro , the only effect of the mutations was a decrease in the binding affinity of cytr , and a clear correlation was observed between the reduction in cytr [rule] in vivo and the reduction in cytr binding in vitro .

2 ) , ruling out the possibility that the decrease in CytR regulation is caused by the introduction of a new promoter .
2 ) , ruling out the possibility that the decrease in cytr [rule] is caused by the introduction of a new promoter .

The process will be contingent on existing regulation in the countries , the opportunities that may arise , and the strength of opposition to change .
the process will be contingent on existing [rule] in the countries , the opportunities that may arise , and the strength of opposition to change .

Private doctors ' response to stronger state regulation , especially in countries where the private sector is well established , is likely to vary .
private doctors ' response to stronger state [rule] , especially in countries where the private sector is well established , is likely to vary .

Ironically , the international political changes that shifted the focus to private practice were also inimical to regulation and state funding of health care .
ironically , the international political changes that shifted the focus to private practice were also inimical to [rule] and state funding of health care .

This conclusion is confirmed by recent experience in the United States , where rising costs of administration and regulation are an important factor in the continuing escalation of health care spending .
this conclusion is confirmed by recent experience in the united states , where rising costs of administration and [rule] are an important factor in the continuing escalation of health care spending .

Add to this the quantitative regulation of expression of cell adhesion molecules in response , for example , to inflammatory mediators and associated with changes in cellular differentiation , and we find a complex and highly responsive set of cellular adhesion mechanisms whose role in normal tissue formation and disease is only beginning to be understood .
add to this the quantitative [rule] of expression of cell adhesion molecules in response , for example , to inflammatory mediators and associated with changes in cellular differentiation , and we find a complex and highly responsive set of cellular adhesion mechanisms whose role in normal tissue formation and disease is only beginning to be understood .

The papers from these two bodies are still talking about ‘ self regulation .
the papers from these two bodies are still talking about ‘ self [rule] .

5–4–1887 " The Session resolved to petition the Government in favour of the entire abolition of the Acts for the State Regulation of Vice in the Crown Colonies " and in 1894 , in India .
5–4–1887 " the session resolved to petition the government in favour of the entire abolition of the acts for the state [rule] of vice in the crown colonies " and in 1894 , in india .

The family as a whole was considered essential to the carrying out of certain necessary societal functions — for the rearing of children , the regulation of sexuality and as a unit of consumption .
the family as a whole was considered essential to the carrying out of certain necessary societal functions — for the rearing of children , the [rule] of sexuality and as a unit of consumption .

There are three principal functions of tribunals and enquiries : adjudication , regulation and advice .
there are three principal functions of tribunals and enquiries : adjudication , [rule] and advice .

The second function of tribunals is regulation .
the second function of tribunals is [rule] .

Here the tribunal is the decision-making instrument chosen by government for the implementation of some scheme of government regulation .
here the tribunal is the decision-making instrument chosen by government for the implementation of some scheme of government [rule] .

These are the hallmarks of any system of decision making under any scheme of government regulation in a democratic society .
these are the hallmarks of any system of decision making under any scheme of government [rule] in a democratic society .

It was to examine the structure , organization , training and regulation of the legal profession and to recommend those changes that would be desirable in the interests of justice .
it was to examine the structure , organization , training and [rule] of the legal profession and to recommend those changes that would be desirable in the interests of justice .

It can not be supposed that this regulation meant that , in each case , the minister in person should direct his mind to the matter .
it can not be supposed that this [rule] meant that , in each case , the minister in person should direct his mind to the matter .

These orders relate partly to training , partly to rights of audience in different courts , and partly to matters peculiar to the internal regulation of the Inns and the dress , appearance and deportment of their members .
these orders relate partly to training , partly to rights of audience in different courts , and partly to matters peculiar to the internal [rule] of the inns and the dress , appearance and deportment of their members .

‘ There is a power given by the Act itself to the minister to modify another section of the Act so that when the minister does produce that modification … that regulation becomes in fact part of the Act .
‘ there is a power given by the act itself to the minister to modify another section of the act so that when the minister does produce that modification … that [rule] becomes in fact part of the act .

So that in my judgment that regulation can be referred to because it is embodied in the Act itself and , having a quasi-parliamentary validity , is a good indication of the wishes of the legislature , just as much as if it were enacted in the Act itself .
so that in my judgment that [rule] can be referred to because it is embodied in the act itself and , having a quasi-parliamentary validity , is a good indication of the wishes of the legislature , just as much as if it were enacted in the act itself .

However , under section 13 ( 3 ) ( b ) and section 58 of the Act of 1988 in conjunction with regulation 66 of the Regulations of 1988 , the validity of registrations made under the previous Act were extended for a transitional period until 31 March 1989 .
however , under section 13 ( 3 ) ( b ) and section 58 of the act of 1988 in conjunction with [rule] 66 of the regulations of 1988 , the validity of registrations made under the previous act were extended for a transitional period until 31 march 1989 .

It is again common ground that the appropriate course for the House now to take in accordance with regulation 143 of the Regulations of 1989 is to adjourn the hearing of the defendant 's application for an order under section 18 , which will automatically activate the procedure under regulation 147 requiring the defendant , if he is minded to pursue the matter , to file evidence in support of his claim .
it is again common ground that the appropriate course for the house now to take in accordance with [rule] 143 of the regulations of 1989 is to adjourn the hearing of the defendant 's application for an order under section 18 , which will automatically activate the procedure under [rule] 147 requiring the defendant , if he is minded to pursue the matter , to file evidence in support of his claim .

If the court adjourns the hearing of an application in accordance with regulation 143 but does not refer it for inquiry and report , then — ( a ) within 21 days of the adjournment , the unassisted party shall file an affidavit of costs and resources together with original exhibits and any other documents necessary to support the affidavit ; and ( b ) not less than 21 days before the adjourned hearing , the unassisted party shall serve notice on the area director of the date and time of the adjourned hearing together with a copy of his affidavit of costs and resources ( and of any exhibits and supporting documents ) .
if the court adjourns the hearing of an application in accordance with [rule] 143 but does not refer it for inquiry and report , then — ( a ) within 21 days of the adjournment , the unassisted party shall file an affidavit of costs and resources together with original exhibits and any other documents necessary to support the affidavit ; and ( b ) not less than 21 days before the adjourned hearing , the unassisted party shall serve notice on the area director of the date and time of the adjourned hearing together with a copy of his affidavit of costs and resources ( and of any exhibits and supporting documents ) .

Hearing of defendant 's application for order under section 18 of Act of 1988 adjourned in accordance with regulation 143 of Regulations of 1989 .
hearing of defendant 's application for order under section 18 of act of 1988 adjourned in accordance with [rule] 143 of regulations of 1989 .

This principle should extend to embrace cases in which the tax or other levy has been wrongly exacted by the public authority not because the demand was ultra vires but for other reasons , for example because the authority had misconstrued a relevant statute or regulation , and should not be inapplicable simply because the citizen has paid the money under a mistake of law .
this principle should extend to embrace cases in which the tax or other levy has been wrongly exacted by the public authority not because the demand was ultra vires but for other reasons , for example because the authority had misconstrued a relevant statute or [rule] , and should not be inapplicable simply because the citizen has paid the money under a mistake of law .

Statutory regulation of such repayments is a commonplace of our law , not only in the case of overpaid income and corporation tax , but also in the case of other taxes ( such as value added tax , capital gains tax and inheritance tax ) and other duties and charges .
statutory [rule] of such repayments is a commonplace of our law , not only in the case of overpaid income and corporation tax , but also in the case of other taxes ( such as value added tax , capital gains tax and inheritance tax ) and other duties and charges .

This is not a case where the demand was based on an erroneous interpretation of legislation by the revenue ; my provisional view is that there is no distinction between such a case and a case like the present where the demand is based on an invalid regulation and is therefore ultra vires .
this is not a case where the demand was based on an erroneous interpretation of legislation by the revenue ; my provisional view is that there is no distinction between such a case and a case like the present where the demand is based on an invalid [rule] and is therefore ultra vires .

Although they were too short in the arm so that his lean wrists protruded like those of an overgrown schoolboy , he wore them with a certain panache , as if this unorthodox working garb , so different from the regulation white coats of the rest of the Laboratory staff , symbolised that unique blend of scientific skill , experience and flair which distinguishes the good Document Examiner .
although they were too short in the arm so that his lean wrists protruded like those of an overgrown schoolboy , he wore them with a certain panache , as if this unorthodox working garb , so different from the [rule] white coats of the rest of the laboratory staff , symbolised that unique blend of scientific skill , experience and flair which distinguishes the good document examiner .

They will almost certainly include food and health , freedom of information , the European single market , new complaints mechanisms and the regulation of newly privatised industries where they tend to state or local monopoly .
they will almost certainly include food and health , freedom of information , the european single market , new complaints mechanisms and the [rule] of newly privatised industries where they tend to state or local monopoly .

In an environment where considerable emphasis is placed upon the regulation of behaviour by reference to a moral code the playing of murderball is an anarchic act .
in an environment where considerable emphasis is placed upon the [rule] of behaviour by reference to a moral code the playing of murderball is an anarchic act .

In summary , the use of physical contact in the Victoria Centre , the organization of the daily cycle of activities , the regulation of the pupil 's unit career and the attribution of meaning to these events demonstrate continuities which are also evident in the educational philosophy which Owen articulates .
in summary , the use of physical contact in the victoria centre , the organization of the daily cycle of activities , the [rule] of the pupil 's unit career and the attribution of meaning to these events demonstrate continuities which are also evident in the educational philosophy which owen articulates .

For one who was convinced of the merits of control , both control of self and regulation of one 's environment , she was discovering something beyond her range of command ; her children .
for one who was convinced of the merits of control , both control of self and [rule] of one 's environment , she was discovering something beyond her range of command ; her children .

The regulation of population density can only be a consequence of migration , not the reason why natural selection causes the habit to evolve .
the [rule] of population density can only be a consequence of migration , not the reason why natural selection causes the habit to evolve .

Population regulation , however , if it has any advantage at all , can only be a long-term one ; it must therefore be a consequence of individual decisions to emigrate , taken on the grounds that conditions will be better elsewhere , not on the grounds that the population level must be kept down in order for the local resources to be conserved .
population [rule] , however , if it has any advantage at all , can only be a long-term one ; it must therefore be a consequence of individual decisions to emigrate , taken on the grounds that conditions will be better elsewhere , not on the grounds that the population level must be kept down in order for the local resources to be conserved .

Emigration from overcrowded areas can result in the regulation of population densities .
emigration from overcrowded areas can result in the [rule] of population densities .

Homeworkers , who engaged in a wide variety of trades from matchbox-making to furpulling , did indeed suffer disproportionately from disease , particularly tuberculosis , and regulation was instigated not merely for the protection of the workers but also for the sake of the whole community .
homeworkers , who engaged in a wide variety of trades from matchbox-making to furpulling , did indeed suffer disproportionately from disease , particularly tuberculosis , and [rule] was instigated not merely for the protection of the workers but also for the sake of the whole community .

But again the penalty consequent on regulation fell on the workers .
but again the penalty consequent on [rule] fell on the workers .

The Factory Acts of 1891 and 1895 made provision for the regulation of homework , but the numbers remained hard to calculate .
the factory acts of 1891 and 1895 made provision for the [rule] of homework , but the numbers remained hard to calculate .

This was undoubtedly due partly to the war and partly because the statutes contained criteria which were felt to be less justiciable : if the minister stated that a regulation concerning trademarks was necessary for securing the safety of the realm the court would not adjudicate upon this .
this was undoubtedly due partly to the war and partly because the statutes contained criteria which were felt to be less justiciable : if the minister stated that a [rule] concerning trademarks was necessary for securing the safety of the realm the court would not adjudicate upon this .

( 1977 ) define air quality management as the ‘ regulation of the amount , location , and time of pollutant emissions to achieve some clearly defined set of ambient air quality standards or goals ’ ( figure 7.1 ) .
( 1977 ) define air quality management as the ‘ [rule] of the amount , location , and time of pollutant emissions to achieve some clearly defined set of ambient air quality standards or goals ’ ( figure 7.1 ) .

The latter is in some cases subject to statutory regulation , in others it is a matter of local discretion .
the latter is in some cases subject to statutory [rule] , in others it is a matter of local discretion .

The 1988 Local Government Act also sought to extend the privatization or contracting-out of local authority services by empowering the Secretary of State to specify by regulation local services which must be put out to tender .
the 1988 local government act also sought to extend the privatization or contracting-out of local authority services by empowering the secretary of state to specify by [rule] local services which must be put out to tender .

While precise indicators of the numbers of laws depend upon more precise definition of what are considered as laws ( there is a variety of different types of order , statute and regulation ) , one crude indicator for the expansion of legislation in the United States is that the Federal Register grew from 2,355 pages in 1936 to 60,221 pages in 1975 ; another indicator for Britain is found in the Index to the Statutes — the index listing legislation for , the period from 1235 to 1935 takes up 788 pages , while that for 1936 to 1982 takes up 978 pages .
while precise indicators of the numbers of laws depend upon more precise definition of what are considered as laws ( there is a variety of different types of order , statute and [rule] ) , one crude indicator for the expansion of legislation in the united states is that the federal register grew from 2,355 pages in 1936 to 60,221 pages in 1975 ; another indicator for britain is found in the index to the statutes — the index listing legislation for , the period from 1235 to 1935 takes up 788 pages , while that for 1936 to 1982 takes up 978 pages .

Congress , through individual ‘ congressional entrepreneurs ’ , usually initiated regulation as rather small and modest programmes many of the programmes that later grew to add substantially to public expenditure and regulation .
congress , through individual ‘ congressional entrepreneurs ’ , usually initiated [rule] as rather small and modest programmes many of the programmes that later grew to add substantially to public expenditure and [rule] .

regulation and quality control ;
[rule] and quality control ;

The general standard of work place health and safety regulation has declined , partially because there are insufficient inspectors to maintain regular safety checks .
the general standard of work place health and safety [rule] has declined , partially because there are insufficient inspectors to maintain regular safety checks .

The strategies for the modernisation of the British economy has meant that strategies to undergo this , operate as modes of both economic and social regulation .
the strategies for the modernisation of the british economy has meant that strategies to undergo this , operate as modes of both economic and social [rule] .

Hence , there is a necessary attempt , in order to bring in economic regulation , to construct a conservative recomposition of social and moral life .
hence , there is a necessary attempt , in order to bring in economic [rule] , to construct a conservative recomposition of social and moral life .

It is closely related to the regulation of a particular form of social formation and is intimately linked with political and economic forces , and the consequent social problems which emerge .
it is closely related to the [rule] of a particular form of social formation and is intimately linked with political and economic forces , and the consequent social problems which emerge .

He jointly led the European Tour 's Greens in Regulation statistics that year , but his putting was so horrendous that he was almost totally incapable of converting the countless birdie opportunities set up with excellent tee-to-green play .
he jointly led the european tour 's greens in [rule] statistics that year , but his putting was so horrendous that he was almost totally incapable of converting the countless birdie opportunities set up with excellent tee-to-green play .

Norman was 33rd in hitting greens in regulation ; Levi was 44th — a narrow margin , but a margin in favour of the Australian nevertheless .
norman was 33rd in hitting greens in [rule] ; levi was 44th — a narrow margin , but a margin in favour of the australian nevertheless .

Norman was 19th in putting ( putts taken on greens hit in regulation ) ; Levi was 124th .
norman was 19th in putting ( putts taken on greens hit in [rule] ) ; levi was 124th .

The new motion did n't get Kite much more distance — about five and a half yards , on average — but it did contribute to his rising from 29th on Tour in hitting greens in regulation to third .
the new motion did n't get kite much more distance — about five and a half yards , on average — but it did contribute to his rising from 29th on tour in hitting greens in [rule] to third .

He took 1,813 putts on every green he hit in regulation , which was 135th best on Tour .
he took 1,813 putts on every green he hit in [rule] , which was 135th best on tour .

Calcavecchia finished 147th in driving accuracy last year , but swept past much of the field to finish 33rd in hitting greens in regulation .
calcavecchia finished 147th in driving accuracy last year , but swept past much of the field to finish 33rd in hitting greens in [rule] .

He was 128th in driving accuracy , 180th in sand saves , 192nd , which is to say dead last , in sub-par holes ( percentage of eagles and birdies ) , 191st ( or second-to-last ) in scoring average , dead last in both putting on the few greens he hit in regulation and in total putts ( which means that when he missed a green , he seldom got it up and down ) , and dead last again in shooting birdies on par-3s , par-4s and par-5s .
he was 128th in driving accuracy , 180th in sand saves , 192nd , which is to say dead last , in sub-par holes ( percentage of eagles and birdies ) , 191st ( or second-to-last ) in scoring average , dead last in both putting on the few greens he hit in [rule] and in total putts ( which means that when he missed a green , he seldom got it up and down ) , and dead last again in shooting birdies on par-3s , par-4s and par-5s .

The local authorities ' functions would be in the planning , coordination , regulation and finance of community care , rather than its direct provision .
the local authorities ' functions would be in the planning , coordination , [rule] and finance of community care , rather than its direct provision .

At present local authority procedures for regulation and control are rudimentary , and the criteria to be applied to funding decisions are less than clear .
at present local authority procedures for [rule] and control are rudimentary , and the criteria to be applied to funding decisions are less than clear .

In Chapter 2 the point was made that privatisation can mean reduced government provision , reduced government finance and reduced government regulation , and that reduced government provision and finance usually means the transfer of responsibilities to non-statutory agencies .
in chapter 2 the point was made that privatisation can mean reduced government provision , reduced government finance and reduced government [rule] , and that reduced government provision and finance usually means the transfer of responsibilities to non-statutory agencies .

What is sometimes not appreciated is that privatisation of provision and finance requires extra regulation .
what is sometimes not appreciated is that privatisation of provision and finance requires extra [rule] .

Local authorities are to retain overall control of community care services , but they are to be responsible for planning , finance and regulation rather than direct provision .
local authorities are to retain overall control of community care services , but they are to be responsible for planning , finance and [rule] rather than direct provision .

It could be described as the Fordist method of international political regulation .
it could be described as the fordist method of international political [rule] .

American military spending no longer facilitated the expansion of the world economy ; instead , it became an obstacle to financial regulation .
american military spending no longer facilitated the expansion of the world economy ; instead , it became an obstacle to financial [rule] .

The Gulf war could be described as the struggle for control of the post-cold war world order — a bid to retain American leadership , to establish a form of political regulation of the post-Fordist world economy that retains the Fordist political institutions .
the gulf war could be described as the struggle for control of the post-cold war world order — a bid to retain american leadership , to establish a form of political [rule] of the post-fordist world economy that retains the fordist political institutions .

Another is the global financial system , since ‘ building a single completely open financial system , subject to minimal regulation , is like building a supertanker without airtight compartments … a single hole in the hull can sink the tanker ’ .
another is the global financial system , since ‘ building a single completely open financial system , subject to minimal [rule] , is like building a supertanker without airtight compartments … a single hole in the hull can sink the tanker ’ .

Conceptually , the acts continued to be underpinned by a dual commitment to physical improvement and moral regulation .
conceptually , the acts continued to be underpinned by a dual commitment to physical improvement and moral [rule] .

Extensive state-backed medical involvement in the regulation of venereal disease and female prostitution crystallized an approach which had its origins in the public health programme of thirty years before .
extensive state-backed medical involvement in the [rule] of venereal disease and female prostitution crystallized an approach which had its origins in the public health programme of thirty years before .

Rather , the purpose here is to build on that recent research in order to situate the debates on sexuality and disease in the light of the longer-term history of medico-moral regulation .
rather , the purpose here is to build on that recent research in order to situate the debates on sexuality and disease in the light of the longer-term history of medico-moral [rule] .

Moral intervention was by itself at best a mere palliative unless co-ordinated by official sanitary regulation .
moral intervention was by itself at best a mere palliative unless co-ordinated by official sanitary [rule] .

Legislation on public health , sanitation and industrial conditions did not contain prescriptions for the direct regulation of sexual conduct .
legislation on public health , sanitation and industrial conditions did not contain prescriptions for the direct [rule] of sexual conduct .

The acts were concerned with the regulation of the sexual and moral habits of two particular groups within the urban poor — female prostitutes and the lower ranks of the armed forces .
the acts were concerned with the [rule] of the sexual and moral habits of two particular groups within the urban poor — female prostitutes and the lower ranks of the armed forces .

The acts introduced a more coercive form of medico-legal regulation of prostitutes , together with an intensified system of police surveillance .
the acts introduced a more coercive form of medico-legal [rule] of prostitutes , together with an intensified system of police surveillance .

The combined forces of opposition ruptured the earlier environmentalist consensus , making opponents out of former allies , staking out a new regime of sexual regulation and defining sexuality as a crucial site for feminist intervention .
the combined forces of opposition ruptured the earlier environmentalist consensus , making opponents out of former allies , staking out a new regime of sexual [rule] and defining sexuality as a crucial site for feminist intervention .

The repeal campaign effectively heralded a deep split within the medico-moral consensus over the regulation of sexuality , fracturing the earlier discourse of sanitary interventionism .
the repeal campaign effectively heralded a deep split within the medico-moral consensus over the [rule] of sexuality , fracturing the earlier discourse of sanitary interventionism .

Its success checked sanitary dominance and set the tone of moral regulation for at least a generation .
its success checked sanitary dominance and set the tone of moral [rule] for at least a generation .

Temperance-style mass meetings , schemes for moral reclamation and placing prostitutes in domestic service , the setting up of rescue homes — these were all part of the feminist alternative to medical regulation .
temperance-style mass meetings , schemes for moral reclamation and placing prostitutes in domestic service , the setting up of rescue homes — these were all part of the feminist alternative to medical [rule] .

Their struggle was over precisely how sexuality was to be regulated and who was to co-ordinate regulation ; sanitary surveillance of prostitution through state medicine or moral reform through private philanthropy and rescue work .
their struggle was over precisely how sexuality was to be regulated and who was to co-ordinate [rule] ; sanitary surveillance of prostitution through state medicine or moral reform through private philanthropy and rescue work .

It was a defeat which was to have profound and far-reaching consequences for state medical regulation of sexuality .
it was a defeat which was to have profound and far-reaching consequences for state medical [rule] of sexuality .

The Medical Department pushed for reform and regulation through the hegemony of state medicine .
the medical department pushed for reform and [rule] through the hegemony of state medicine .

The rise of the purity movement in the 1880s needs to be seen in relation to these medical defeats , for state medicine had lost the initiative not only in the field of sexual regulation but in many other areas of social intervention .
the rise of the purity movement in the 1880s needs to be seen in relation to these medical defeats , for state medicine had lost the initiative not only in the field of sexual [rule] but in many other areas of social intervention .

It also shows how far state medicine had been checked over sexual regulation .
it also shows how far state medicine had been checked over sexual [rule] .

In that sense purity marks a distinctive break with the earlier sanitary approach to sexual regulation which had been dominated by the elite voice of professional experts .
in that sense purity marks a distinctive break with the earlier sanitary approach to sexual [rule] which had been dominated by the elite voice of professional experts .

Tensions submerged in the earlier campaign now came to the fore and led more and more to a coercive policy of sexual regulation , especially of working-class prostitutes .
tensions submerged in the earlier campaign now came to the fore and led more and more to a coercive policy of sexual [rule] , especially of working-class prostitutes .

They also enabled women to challenge male professional power while at the same time implicating them in coercive class regulation .
they also enabled women to challenge male professional power while at the same time implicating them in coercive class [rule] .

Ellice Hopkins was a central figure in the feminist agitation for criminal law regulation in the 1880s .
ellice hopkins was a central figure in the feminist agitation for criminal law [rule] in the 1880s .

The proposed legislation appeared to mark a stronger move towards direct state regulation of sexuality .
the proposed legislation appeared to mark a stronger move towards direct state [rule] of sexuality .

Political pressure for these latter proposals came from the police themselves , who now formed a strong lobby for increased state regulation .
political pressure for these latter proposals came from the police themselves , who now formed a strong lobby for increased state [rule] .

Anna Wilkes , who ran a rescue home in Poplar , outlined a form of regulation in which purity workers shared responsibility with the police and the courts , preserving the delicate balance between voluntary bodies and state institutions .
anna wilkes , who ran a rescue home in poplar , outlined a form of [rule] in which purity workers shared responsibility with the police and the courts , preserving the delicate balance between voluntary bodies and state institutions .

Successive Liberal and Conservative governments had lost the battle for the state medical regulation of women , largely as a result of sustained feminist opposition .
successive liberal and conservative governments had lost the battle for the state medical [rule] of women , largely as a result of sustained feminist opposition .

Between 1890 and 1910 the dominant strategy of regulation involved a pragmatic compromise between the state and private organizations .
between 1890 and 1910 the dominant strategy of [rule] involved a pragmatic compromise between the state and private organizations .

This transformation in sexual regulation was not the product of some internal dynamic in the technologies of power .
this transformation in sexual [rule] was not the product of some internal dynamic in the technologies of power .

Purity campaigns not only registered a shift in modalities of control , but a change in the personnel responsible for sexual regulation and in the sites from which power was exercised .
purity campaigns not only registered a shift in modalities of control , but a change in the personnel responsible for sexual [rule] and in the sites from which power was exercised .

In isolating such groups for surveillance and regulation , the profession was drawing on changes within medical discourse .
in isolating such groups for surveillance and [rule] , the profession was drawing on changes within medical discourse .

The site needed to be shifted back to the regulation of life itself ; to the study of sound offspring and to the elimination of all those racial poisons ( alcoholism , venereal disease , feeble-mindedness ) which were leading to national degeneration .
the site needed to be shifted back to the [rule] of life itself ; to the study of sound offspring and to the elimination of all those racial poisons ( alcoholism , venereal disease , feeble-mindedness ) which were leading to national degeneration .

The hygienics of Newman and his colleagues was highly differentiated from the early social medicine of Kay and Southwood Smith — in the organization of their discourse , their forms of social regulation and in the political and institutional conditions through which they were produced .
the hygienics of newman and his colleagues was highly differentiated from the early social medicine of kay and southwood smith — in the organization of their discourse , their forms of social [rule] and in the political and institutional conditions through which they were produced .

It gained an entrenched footing in local government through the extension of statutory town-planning procedures , which confirmed the bridgehead established before the war ; and , largely accidentally rather than by design , the activity of town planning came to involve other forms of public regulation , with the result that its field of concern was enlarged .
it gained an entrenched footing in local government through the extension of statutory town-planning procedures , which confirmed the bridgehead established before the war ; and , largely accidentally rather than by design , the activity of town planning came to involve other forms of public [rule] , with the result that its field of concern was enlarged .

In the nineteenth century it was the squalor and unhealthiness of the northern manufacturing towns , as much as the condition of London 's rookeries , that led to measures of sanitary regulation and housing improvement .
in the nineteenth century it was the squalor and unhealthiness of the northern manufacturing towns , as much as the condition of london 's rookeries , that led to measures of sanitary [rule] and housing improvement .

The perception of urban problems changed ; in due time the nature of planning response changed with it , and it is in this context that explanations may be sought as to how and why the tempo and style of the public regulation of the urban environment changed so markedly at this time .
the perception of urban problems changed ; in due time the nature of planning response changed with it , and it is in this context that explanations may be sought as to how and why the tempo and style of the public [rule] of the urban environment changed so markedly at this time .

This is not to deny of course that there were some who saw housing inequalities and poverty unescapably linked to underlying economic and class structures , but essentially nineteenth-century public regulation of the environment was a matter for the local amelioration of a particular problem .
this is not to deny of course that there were some who saw housing inequalities and poverty unescapably linked to underlying economic and class structures , but essentially nineteenth-century public [rule] of the environment was a matter for the local amelioration of a particular problem .

though in fact during that time the unfolding story of the public regulation of the urban environment has been far from one of even continuity .
though in fact during that time the unfolding story of the public [rule] of the urban environment has been far from one of even continuity .

The system of counties and districts , and county boroughs , established before the end of the nineteenth century , had provided an acceptable setting for the exercise of local powers by local authorities over the control and regulation of the environment .
the system of counties and districts , and county boroughs , established before the end of the nineteenth century , had provided an acceptable setting for the exercise of local powers by local authorities over the control and [rule] of the environment .

In the process we have observed , two new urban phenomena have come to the fore : the outer city and the inner city , both urban environments with distinct challenges for planned regulation .
in the process we have observed , two new urban phenomena have come to the fore : the outer city and the inner city , both urban environments with distinct challenges for planned [rule] .

We are now confronted with the phenomenon of the post-industrial city , with a quite different set of problems for public regulation ( Young and Mills , 1983 ) .
we are now confronted with the phenomenon of the post-industrial city , with a quite different set of problems for public [rule] ( young and mills , 1983 ) .

He was particularly severe on the fragmentation of planning control as exercised by a variety of planning authorities , their insensitive reliance on planning standards and by-law regulation , and also the failures of advertisement control .
he was particularly severe on the fragmentation of planning control as exercised by a variety of planning authorities , their insensitive reliance on planning standards and by-law [rule] , and also the failures of advertisement control .

If public regulation and control could not achieve success , then perhaps the lobby and pressure of special interest groups might .
if public [rule] and control could not achieve success , then perhaps the lobby and pressure of special interest groups might .

In principle , a working system for the effective regulation of the new buildings and environments in schemes of planned redevelopment had promised so much , but the cultured hand of the architect planners , working in a consensus situation where good manners and taste would prevail , proved unequal to the task ; commercial brashness and greed proved too strong .
in principle , a working system for the effective [rule] of the new buildings and environments in schemes of planned redevelopment had promised so much , but the cultured hand of the architect planners , working in a consensus situation where good manners and taste would prevail , proved unequal to the task ; commercial brashness and greed proved too strong .

For one reason or another the inner city has always been a target for public regulation and control .
for one reason or another the inner city has always been a target for public [rule] and control .

He pushed through a regulation fire door and found himself in a narrow passageway that ran along by the stairs to the kitchen .
he pushed through a [rule] fire door and found himself in a narrow passageway that ran along by the stairs to the kitchen .

Certain of the concepts described in the body of this Guidance Document may not be applicable and proposals should be discussed in the initial stages with officers to the Greater London Council 's Building Regulation Division .
certain of the concepts described in the body of this guidance document may not be applicable and proposals should be discussed in the initial stages with officers to the greater london council 's building [rule] division .

Regulation strategies .
[rule] strategies .

in the regulation of conduct and ethics , the right to control their own concerns .
in the [rule] of conduct and ethics , the right to control their own concerns .

Established in 1793 by the Alien Act of that year , the Alien Office was a branch of the Home Office which ostensibly acted as the administrative centre for the regulation of the conduct of foreigners resident in Britain .
established in 1793 by the alien act of that year , the alien office was a branch of the home office which ostensibly acted as the administrative centre for the [rule] of the conduct of foreigners resident in britain .

He published little , but elaborations of his proposals for the exploitation of technical innovation and the regulation of trade are found in abundance in such archives as the Hartlib papers and Shaftesbury papers , and his views were seriously regarded , even though his reputation suffered as a result of a bitter controversy with ( Sir ) William Petty [ q.v . ]
he published little , but elaborations of his proposals for the exploitation of technical innovation and the [rule] of trade are found in abundance in such archives as the hartlib papers and shaftesbury papers , and his views were seriously regarded , even though his reputation suffered as a result of a bitter controversy with ( sir ) william petty [ q.v . ]

An advocate of dental education and the advance of the profession , Smith was a member of the dental reform committee , inaugurated in 1876 to promote the regulation and professional education of dentists in Britain .
an advocate of dental education and the advance of the profession , smith was a member of the dental reform committee , inaugurated in 1876 to promote the [rule] and professional education of dentists in britain .

The most interesting of these cases is Short v. Treasury Commissioners where the whole of the shares of Short Bros. were being acquired by the Treasury under a Defence Regulation which provided for payment of their value ‘ as between a willing buyer and a willing seller .
the most interesting of these cases is short v. treasury commissioners where the whole of the shares of short bros. were being acquired by the treasury under a defence [rule] which provided for payment of their value ‘ as between a willing buyer and a willing seller .

The courts upheld the method adopted and rejected both the alternatives suggested , the first because the shareholders were not ‘ part owners of the undertaking ’ and the second because the regulation implied that each holding was to be separately valued .
the courts upheld the method adopted and rejected both the alternatives suggested , the first because the shareholders were not ‘ part owners of the undertaking ’ and the second because the [rule] implied that each holding was to be separately valued .

The Civil Justice Review , on examining the arguments , recognised the need to assist people who do not qualify for legal aid funding , drew attention to the major advances that had been made in regulation policy so as probably to be able to control a contingency fee system and , on the basis of competition policy , considered whether it would be more desirable to devise more limited schemes under which lawyers would have a stake in the outcome of a case as an incentive .
the civil justice review , on examining the arguments , recognised the need to assist people who do not qualify for legal aid funding , drew attention to the major advances that had been made in [rule] policy so as probably to be able to control a contingency fee system and , on the basis of competition policy , considered whether it would be more desirable to devise more limited schemes under which lawyers would have a stake in the outcome of a case as an incentive .

There are several factors which directly connect postmodernism and the new mode of economic regulation .
there are several factors which directly connect postmodernism and the new mode of economic [rule] .

Moreover , they misunderstand the nature of the task upon which the judge has been compelled to engage himself , which is to discover , using the tools with which the law has furnished him — the accepted presumptions and canons of construction — not some speculative but unexpressed ‘ intention of Parliament ’ but the ambit of the written rules that Parliament has imposed for the regulation of the subject 's conduct and his rights and duties under the law .
moreover , they misunderstand the nature of the task upon which the judge has been compelled to engage himself , which is to discover , using the tools with which the law has furnished him — the accepted presumptions and canons of construction — not some speculative but unexpressed ‘ intention of parliament ’ but the ambit of the written rules that parliament has imposed for the [rule] of the subject 's conduct and his rights and duties under the law .

for every legislative enactment constitutes a diktat by the state to the citizen which he is not only expected but obliged to observe in the regulation of his daily life and it is the judge and the judge alone who stands between the citizen and the state 's own interpretation of its own rules .
for every legislative enactment constitutes a diktat by the state to the citizen which he is not only expected but obliged to observe in the [rule] of his daily life and it is the judge and the judge alone who stands between the citizen and the state 's own interpretation of its own rules .

This is particularly true of regulations in heavily regulated fields such as agriculture , where they may be part of a long string of related measures or be limited to implementing a regulation of broader scope .
this is particularly true of regulations in heavily regulated fields such as agriculture , where they may be part of a long string of related measures or be limited to implementing a [rule] of broader scope .

The Council 's Rules of procedure provide that the last Article of a regulation shall specify the commencement date if the date is other than the twentieth day following publication .
the council 's rules of procedure provide that the last article of a [rule] shall specify the commencement date if the date is other than the twentieth day following publication .

It follows that one always knows the commencement date of a Community regulation without going outside the text of the regulation itself .
it follows that one always knows the commencement date of a community [rule] without going outside the text of the [rule] itself .

One well-known example would be the basic social security regulation , Regulation 1408/71 which , although still in force , has been amended over and over again .
one well-known example would be the basic social security [rule] , [rule] 1408/71 which , although still in force , has been amended over and over again .

The original valuation regulation was , however , in fact derived from the 1950 Customs Cooperation Council Valuation Convention and this gave rise to a dispute referred to the European Court in the Massey-Ferguson case , as to the legitimacy of using Article 235 in these circumstances .
the original valuation [rule] was , however , in fact derived from the 1950 customs cooperation council valuation convention and this gave rise to a dispute referred to the european court in the massey-ferguson case , as to the legitimacy of using article 235 in these circumstances .

However , the Court found that , as was stated in the recitals to the regulation , the definition of value and the interpretative notes set out in the 1590 Convention had been embodied into the legislation of the Member States in different ways , and also certain optional provisions of the interpretative notes were being applied differently in different Member States .
however , the court found that , as was stated in the recitals to the [rule] , the definition of value and the interpretative notes set out in the 1590 convention had been embodied into the legislation of the member states in different ways , and also certain optional provisions of the interpretative notes were being applied differently in different member states .

The question most often asked by those who have heard an explanation of the mechanics of how parliamentary scrutiny works is what influence does it have on the final result — the directive or regulation which becomes Community law .
the question most often asked by those who have heard an explanation of the mechanics of how parliamentary scrutiny works is what influence does it have on the final result — the directive or [rule] which becomes community law .

He chose the blackjack from a selection on a velvet tray , and then he looked at some handcuffs — real ones , this time , but heavier than regulation and suggestive of overkill .
he chose the blackjack from a selection on a velvet tray , and then he looked at some handcuffs — real ones , this time , but heavier than [rule] and suggestive of overkill .

Public right of passage by bicycle is permitted on cycle tracks ( usually specially designated and signposted ) , and generally on road carriageways ( except where subject to motorway , special road or specific traffic regulation orders prohibiting bicycle use ) .
public right of passage by bicycle is permitted on cycle tracks ( usually specially designated and signposted ) , and generally on road carriageways ( except where subject to motorway , special road or specific traffic [rule] orders prohibiting bicycle use ) .

Article 1 of the Framework Regulation ( 2052/88 ) should stipulate that all Structural Fund operations must be consistent with the principles of sustainable development .
article 1 of the framework [rule] ( 2052/88 ) should stipulate that all structural fund operations must be consistent with the principles of sustainable development .

Commitments to ‘ sustainable development ’ , and to ‘ integration ’ of the environment in all the Community 's other policies , must be given practical effect through changes to Regulation 4253/88 .
commitments to ‘ sustainable development ’ , and to ‘ integration ’ of the environment in all the community 's other policies , must be given practical effect through changes to [rule] 4253/88 .

Article 4 of Regulation of Regulation 2052/88 should be amended to allow the Commission to propose widening the basis of the ‘ partnership ’ at national , regional and local levels .
article 4 of [rule] of [rule] 2052/88 should be amended to allow the commission to propose widening the basis of the ‘ partnership ’ at national , regional and local levels .

How could an alternative response to the Agri-Environment Regulation help integrate and simplify existing and proposed schemes ?
how could an alternative response to the agri-environment [rule] help integrate and simplify existing and proposed schemes ?

How could more money be found to support the proposed and alternative schemes under the Regulation ?
how could more money be found to support the proposed and alternative schemes under the [rule] ?

Regulation or ‘ command and control systems ’
[rule] or ‘ command and control systems ’

Enough change for regulation to give way smoothly to sufficiently widespread positive management by public agency or private occupier in partnership to obviate the need for enforced protection .
enough change for [rule] to give way smoothly to sufficiently widespread positive management by public agency or private occupier in partnership to obviate the need for enforced protection .

Under the Environmental Protection Act , it will monitor emissions from 5,000 major industrial plants and carry out audits of waste regulation authorities .
under the environmental protection act , it will monitor emissions from 5,000 major industrial plants and carry out audits of waste [rule] authorities .

According to Environment Secretary Michael Heseltine , the committee will be responsible for advising the government on issues such as environmental regulation , and for providing guidance to the business community .
according to environment secretary michael heseltine , the committee will be responsible for advising the government on issues such as environmental [rule] , and for providing guidance to the business community .

There 's a regulation about using it for private matters . ``
there 's a [rule] about using it for private matters . ``

Japan continued to favour the guidelines laid down in the 1988 Convention on the Regulation of Antarctic Mineral Resources ( Cramra ) .
japan continued to favour the guidelines laid down in the 1988 convention on the [rule] of antarctic mineral resources ( cramra ) .

With international pressure mounting , the meeting closed with an agreement to explore a draft protocol which would include " prohibition of mineral activities " , together with sections on regulation of tourism , waste disposal and marine pollution , and protection of the continent 's flora and fauna .
with international pressure mounting , the meeting closed with an agreement to explore a draft protocol which would include " prohibition of mineral activities " , together with sections on [rule] of tourism , waste disposal and marine pollution , and protection of the continent 's flora and fauna .

The regulation of takeover offers
the [rule] of takeover offers

1.18 " Restrictions " means all matters affecting the Site or the Premises or their use registered or capable of registration as local land charges and all notices charges orders resolutions demands proposals requirements regulations restrictions agreements directions or other matters affecting the Site the Premises or their use or affecting the Works served or made by any local or other competent authority or otherwise arising under any statute or any regulation or order made under any statute
1.18 " restrictions " means all matters affecting the site or the premises or their use registered or capable of registration as local land charges and all notices charges orders resolutions demands proposals requirements regulations restrictions agreements directions or other matters affecting the site the premises or their use or affecting the works served or made by any local or other competent authority or otherwise arising under any statute or any [rule] or order made under any statute

The Legal Regulation of Exclusion Clauses : General Considerations
the legal [rule] of exclusion clauses : general considerations

That such contracts have done so may be taken to show with at least strong prima facie force that , moulded under the pressures of negotiation , competition and public opinion , they have assumed a form which satisfies the test of public policy as understood by the courts at the time , or , regarding the matter from the point of view of the trade , that the trade in question has assumed such a form that for its health or expansion it requires a degree of regulation .
that such contracts have done so may be taken to show with at least strong prima facie force that , moulded under the pressures of negotiation , competition and public opinion , they have assumed a form which satisfies the test of public policy as understood by the courts at the time , or , regarding the matter from the point of view of the trade , that the trade in question has assumed such a form that for its health or expansion it requires a degree of [rule] .

Absolute exemption from restriction or regulation is never obtained : circumstances , social or economic , may have altered , since they obtained acceptance , in such a way as to call for a fresh examination ; there may be some exorbitance or special feature in the individual contract which takes it out of the accepted category : but the court however must be persuaded of this before it calls upon the relevant party to justify a contract of this kind .
absolute exemption from restriction or [rule] is never obtained : circumstances , social or economic , may have altered , since they obtained acceptance , in such a way as to call for a fresh examination ; there may be some exorbitance or special feature in the individual contract which takes it out of the accepted category : but the court however must be persuaded of this before it calls upon the relevant party to justify a contract of this kind .

The Minister has a statutory duty to consult organisations he considers are representative of interests which will be affected by a proposed regulation and other appropriate persons .
the minister has a statutory duty to consult organisations he considers are representative of interests which will be affected by a proposed [rule] and other appropriate persons .

At the outset , it should be stated that the regulation of the futures markets poses a particular challenge for regulators .
at the outset , it should be stated that the [rule] of the futures markets poses a particular challenge for regulators .

The regulatory system therefore seeks to cater for these divergent situations by tailoring the degree of regulation to the degree of investor protection required , having regard to such factors as the sophistication of the particular investor , whether transactions are executed on exchanges ( which have their own investor protection mechanisms ) , whether the particular transaction can lead to contingent liabilities and whether margin is taken in support of a transaction . Tailoring the extent of regulation to the particular circumstances aims to give protection where it is necessary without interfering with the efficient operation of the market where it is not , but it does so at the expense of adding to the complexity of the regulations
the regulatory system therefore seeks to cater for these divergent situations by tailoring the degree of [rule] to the degree of investor protection required , having regard to such factors as the sophistication of the particular investor , whether transactions are executed on exchanges ( which have their own investor protection mechanisms ) , whether the particular transaction can lead to contingent liabilities and whether margin is taken in support of a transaction . tailoring the extent of [rule] to the particular circumstances aims to give protection where it is necessary without interfering with the efficient operation of the market where it is not , but it does so at the expense of adding to the complexity of the regulations

In April 1990 , following initiatives by various interested bodies , the question of the effect of controls imposed by statutory and self-regulatory rules on the fiduciary duties of professionals and businesses subject to public law regulation , was referred to the Law Commission by the Department of Trade and Industry .
in april 1990 , following initiatives by various interested bodies , the question of the effect of controls imposed by statutory and self-regulatory rules on the fiduciary duties of professionals and businesses subject to public law [rule] , was referred to the law commission by the department of trade and industry .

Nevertheless , the Guidance suggests that local authorities review service provision plans for children in need in the same way as they are required by regulation to review their plans for children they are looking after ( see Chapter 16 , 8 ) .
nevertheless , the guidance suggests that local authorities review service provision plans for children in need in the same way as they are required by [rule] to review their plans for children they are looking after ( see chapter 16 , 8 ) .

Regulation 20 deals with payment against delivery .
[rule] 20 deals with payment against delivery .

This could lead to the implementation of recommended standards and a degree of regulation .
this could lead to the implementation of recommended standards and a degree of [rule] .

They need `` control `` and `` regulation `` and `` licensing `` , words which are sometimes used as euphemisms for censorship .
they need `` control `` and `` [rule] `` and `` licensing `` , words which are sometimes used as euphemisms for censorship .

Indeed , the first Advertisements Regulation Act of 1907 antedated by two years the first Planning Act .
indeed , the first advertisements [rule] act of 1907 antedated by two years the first planning act .

Poor architecture , ill-conceived schemes , mock-Tudor frontages may upset the planning officer , but how much regulation of this type of ‘ amenity-injury ’ will be publicly acceptable ?
poor architecture , ill-conceived schemes , mock-tudor frontages may upset the planning officer , but how much [rule] of this type of ‘ amenity-injury ’ will be publicly acceptable ?

The Environmental Protection Bill contained several provisions of direct interest for Scotland including the creation of the Nature Conservancy Council for Scotland and new waste regulation responsibilities for District and Islands Councils .
the environmental protection bill contained several provisions of direct interest for scotland including the creation of the nature conservancy council for scotland and new waste [rule] responsibilities for district and islands councils .

1.4 Nothing in these conditions shall prejudice any condition or warranty expressed or implied , or any legal remedy to which we may be entitled , in relation to the goods and/or the work the subject of this order , by virtue of any statute or custom or any general law or local law or regulation .
1.4 nothing in these conditions shall prejudice any condition or warranty expressed or implied , or any legal remedy to which we may be entitled , in relation to the goods and/or the work the subject of this order , by virtue of any statute or custom or any general law or local law or [rule] .

The constant factor in all these matters is the ultimate authority of the Law Society in the regulation of the profession .
the constant factor in all these matters is the ultimate authority of the law society in the [rule] of the profession .

Agreements for fees on a contingency basis , whilst not wholly outlawed , should be subject to professional regulation .
agreements for fees on a contingency basis , whilst not wholly outlawed , should be subject to professional [rule] .

( a ) With the client As mentioned in Chapter 1 all professional regulation relates directly or indirectly to the matters dealt with in r1 of the Solicitors ' Practice Rules .
( a ) with the client as mentioned in chapter 1 all professional [rule] relates directly or indirectly to the matters dealt with in r1 of the solicitors ' practice rules .

In the absence of such agreement , the partners will be faced with the unattractive alternatives of : ( 1 ) concluding appropriate agreements ad hoc , quite possibly under the pressure of burgeoning dispute between the partners ; or ( 2 ) accepting regulation of the affairs of the firm under the Partnership Act which will ensure that where agreement proves impossible dissolution will follow .
in the absence of such agreement , the partners will be faced with the unattractive alternatives of : ( 1 ) concluding appropriate agreements ad hoc , quite possibly under the pressure of burgeoning dispute between the partners ; or ( 2 ) accepting [rule] of the affairs of the firm under the partnership act which will ensure that where agreement proves impossible dissolution will follow .

There is no rule of law or statutory provision or professional regulation which requires solicitors in partnership to reduce the terms of their agreement to writing .
there is no rule of law or statutory provision or professional [rule] which requires solicitors in partnership to reduce the terms of their agreement to writing .

5 Regulation by statute
5 [rule] by statute

Every firm of solicitors is subject to detailed professional regulation in relation to its accounting practices , with particular reference to its handling of clients ' money .
every firm of solicitors is subject to detailed professional [rule] in relation to its accounting practices , with particular reference to its handling of clients ' money .

Concentrations are dealt with under Article 86 or the Merger Regulation .
concentrations are dealt with under article 86 or the merger [rule] .

The Merger Regulation
the merger [rule]

The Merger Regulation is mainly applied to `` concentrations `` .
the merger [rule] is mainly applied to `` concentrations `` .

* The Prague authorities have revoked a regulation which was due to come into force during October , requiring all cars entering the city 's historic centre to be fitted with a catalytic converter .
* the prague authorities have revoked a [rule] which was due to come into force during october , requiring all cars entering the city 's historic centre to be fitted with a catalytic converter .

The new regulation reinforces the principle of `` self-sufficiency `` , namely that waste should be dealt with as close as possible to the point of production and that countries should be responsible for processing or dumping their own waste .
the new [rule] reinforces the principle of `` self-sufficiency `` , namely that waste should be dealt with as close as possible to the point of production and that countries should be responsible for processing or dumping their own waste .

As some observers noted , the new regulation establishes the principle that environmental concerns take precedence over commercial arguments .
as some observers noted , the new [rule] establishes the principle that environmental concerns take precedence over commercial arguments .

The agency will also include Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Pollution and the waste regulation departments of local councils in England and Wales .
the agency will also include her majesty 's inspectorate of pollution and the waste [rule] departments of local councils in england and wales .

The two bodies would occupy a central position , being responsible for the monitoring of water and air , the setting of standards and the regulation of emissions and discharges .
the two bodies would occupy a central position , being responsible for the monitoring of water and air , the setting of standards and the [rule] of emissions and discharges .

At present , there is virtually no regulation of these practices nor any monitoring of their effect on marine life .
at present , there is virtually no [rule] of these practices nor any monitoring of their effect on marine life .

The Chairman of Scottish Power , Sir Donald Miller , said the market for waste incineration was expected to grow substantially in the coming years , `` in the light of increased environmental concerns and the regulation of traditional dumping techniques `` .
the chairman of scottish power , sir donald miller , said the market for waste incineration was expected to grow substantially in the coming years , `` in the light of increased environmental concerns and the [rule] of traditional dumping techniques `` .

The party 's election manifesto promised to establish an agency combining the functions of the National Rivers Authority , the Inspectorate of Pollution and the local councils ' waste regulation activities .
the party 's election manifesto promised to establish an agency combining the functions of the national rivers authority , the inspectorate of pollution and the local councils ' waste [rule] activities .

At present , responsibility for monitoring and regulation of the different areas is split between several different organisations .
at present , responsibility for monitoring and [rule] of the different areas is split between several different organisations .

He also draws attention to the anomaly in regulatory practice , in that sewerage companies are involved in regulation , yet as private companies have a vested financial interest in accepting other companies ' effluents .
he also draws attention to the anomaly in regulatory practice , in that sewerage companies are involved in [rule] , yet as private companies have a vested financial interest in accepting other companies ' effluents .

Visual search is held to be multifaceted in nature , involving the growing regulation and interaction of children 's visual , linguistic and cognitive systems .
visual search is held to be multifaceted in nature , involving the growing [rule] and interaction of children 's visual , linguistic and cognitive systems .

These pragmatic principles offer a source of regulation for conventional forms taking priority over innovative ones , and for setting conditions on when innovation is allowed .
these pragmatic principles offer a source of [rule] for conventional forms taking priority over innovative ones , and for setting conditions on when innovation is allowed .

Recent legislation , on employment protection by making provision for disclosure of information and advance consultation on redundancy , and on health and safety by bringing the subject into the sphere of joint regulation , is advanced as the basis for this declaration : ‘ It can be argued indeed that the basis for a legislative framework designed to encourage industrial democracy at shop floor level already exists ’ .
recent legislation , on employment protection by making provision for disclosure of information and advance consultation on redundancy , and on health and safety by bringing the subject into the sphere of joint [rule] , is advanced as the basis for this declaration : ‘ it can be argued indeed that the basis for a legislative framework designed to encourage industrial democracy at shop floor level already exists ’ .

’ These are , the chapter says , creating new pressures for the extension of joint regulation which ‘ inevitably raise the question whether existing institutions can be developed to provide for employee involvement at this level , or whether new institutions are needed .
’ these are , the chapter says , creating new pressures for the extension of joint [rule] which ‘ inevitably raise the question whether existing institutions can be developed to provide for employee involvement at this level , or whether new institutions are needed .

Thus , we are prompted to suppose that an unspecified industrial strategy on the one hand is so like matters of health and safety for the purposes of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 , or like employment protection for the purposes of the Employment Protection Act 1975 on the other , as to amount to much the same kind of thing as they are ; and so to accept the view that , just as the second is a subject for joint regulation by management and unions or of prior discussion between management and unions , so too should the first .
thus , we are prompted to suppose that an unspecified industrial strategy on the one hand is so like matters of health and safety for the purposes of the health and safety at work act 1974 , or like employment protection for the purposes of the employment protection act 1975 on the other , as to amount to much the same kind of thing as they are ; and so to accept the view that , just as the second is a subject for joint [rule] by management and unions or of prior discussion between management and unions , so too should the first .

For a number of reasons bilateralism is no longer appropriate as the paradigm model for the regulation of activities in the international arena .
for a number of reasons bilateralism is no longer appropriate as the paradigm model for the [rule] of activities in the international arena .

Thirdly , the expansion of subject matters of legitimate international concern to include , inter alia , economic development , environmental and conservation interests , the regulation of the allocation of resources , and human rights all weigh against a strictly bilateral framework .
thirdly , the expansion of subject matters of legitimate international concern to include , inter alia , economic development , environmental and conservation interests , the [rule] of the allocation of resources , and human rights all weigh against a strictly bilateral framework .

The second influence has been the expansion of international regulation into areas which were previously not regarded as within international competence .
the second influence has been the expansion of international [rule] into areas which were previously not regarded as within international competence .

Although the case concerned the effect of a multilateral treaty establishing an international regime for the regulation of the continental shelf , the Court rejected any notion of a comprehensive norm-creating role for the treaty .
although the case concerned the effect of a multilateral treaty establishing an international regime for the [rule] of the continental shelf , the court rejected any notion of a comprehensive norm-creating role for the treaty .

The third party claims have lessened with the retreat from the Convention for the Regulation of the Antarctic Mineral Resource Activities , and the acceptance by the parties at Madrid in 1991 of a fifty year ban on activities relating to mineral resources other than scientific research .
the third party claims have lessened with the retreat from the convention for the [rule] of the antarctic mineral resource activities , and the acceptance by the parties at madrid in 1991 of a fifty year ban on activities relating to mineral resources other than scientific research .

This can not be applied directly in international law , for treaties can be amended by the parties ' unanimous agreement , and there is no over-riding regulation of international organisations .
this can not be applied directly in international law , for treaties can be amended by the parties ' unanimous agreement , and there is no over-riding [rule] of international organisations .

Paradoxically , third parties dealing with an international organisation may feel secure despite the lack of legal regulation .
paradoxically , third parties dealing with an international organisation may feel secure despite the lack of legal [rule] .

The litigation has starkly exposed the defects in the regulation of international organisations ' relations with third parties , and the lack of judicial remedy within domestic courts .
the litigation has starkly exposed the defects in the [rule] of international organisations ' relations with third parties , and the lack of judicial remedy within domestic courts .

Clara calculated that at least a third of the objects laid on the table , by regulation , were not used during the course of any single meal , and yet their function was certainly not one of gracious adornment .
clara calculated that at least a third of the objects laid on the table , by [rule] , were not used during the course of any single meal , and yet their function was certainly not one of gracious adornment .

The regulation of big business by Federal Commissions was reduced to a minimum .
the [rule] of big business by federal commissions was reduced to a minimum .

The American people , struggling to adjust to mew ways of thought and to a novel technology , also faced a different sort of experiment in Federal government regulation of their drinking habits .
the american people , struggling to adjust to mew ways of thought and to a novel technology , also faced a different sort of experiment in federal government [rule] of their drinking habits .

We export not only form and content but western economics-based theories of media regulation that serve the interests of transnationals rather than those of peoples .
we export not only form and content but western economics-based theories of media [rule] that serve the interests of transnationals rather than those of peoples .

In order to ensure fair play in this situation , those who kept within the regulation in this matter must be the first to be given the option ( ability proven , of course ) of playing for England this winter and subsequently for at least two years .
in order to ensure fair play in this situation , those who kept within the [rule] in this matter must be the first to be given the option ( ability proven , of course ) of playing for england this winter and subsequently for at least two years .

Indeed , judicial control is relatively so rare and sporadic that there are too few court decisions relating to most areas of government activity to establish a detailed code of judge-made regulation governing those activities .
indeed , judicial control is relatively so rare and sporadic that there are too few court decisions relating to most areas of government activity to establish a detailed code of judge-made [rule] governing those activities .

Another example is the City Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( which was set up informally , but as a result of prompting from central government , by major City financial institutions ) ; it plays a central role in the regulation of company mergers and takeovers .
another example is the city panel on takeovers and mergers ( which was set up informally , but as a result of prompting from central government , by major city financial institutions ) ; it plays a central role in the [rule] of company mergers and takeovers .

In the United States , where many fewer industries have ever been state-owned , the shift from public to private mainly took the form of reducing government regulation of activities such as air transport ( ‘ deregulation ’ ) .
in the united states , where many fewer industries have ever been state-owned , the shift from public to private mainly took the form of reducing government [rule] of activities such as air transport ( ‘ deregulation ’ ) .

Perhaps ironically , in Britain the 1980s also saw increased government regulation of certain sectors of the economy such as the financial services ‘ industry ’ .
perhaps ironically , in britain the 1980s also saw increased government [rule] of certain sectors of the economy such as the financial services ‘ industry ’ .

Increased regulation to protect the interests of consumers was also made ( politically ) necessary by the privatization of state-owned monopolies such as the gas , electricity and water industries which , even after privatization , face little or no competition .
increased [rule] to protect the interests of consumers was also made ( politically ) necessary by the privatization of state-owned monopolies such as the gas , electricity and water industries which , even after privatization , face little or no competition .

Reduced public ownership has led to increased public regulation .
reduced public ownership has led to increased public [rule] .

Corporatist arrangements play a part in the performance of a wide range of government functions including ( as we have seen ) the supply of welfare services and benefits and the regulation of economic and other activity .
corporatist arrangements play a part in the performance of a wide range of government functions including ( as we have seen ) the supply of welfare services and benefits and the [rule] of economic and other activity .

Administration is considerably more difficult to define briefly , but for our purposes may be taken to mean the application of general rules to particular cases by the making of some order ( for example , a demolition order ) , or some decision ( for example , that an immigrant 's entry certificate was obtained by fraud in contravention of some statutory regulation ) , or by performing some action ( for example , making a payment of social security benefit ) .
administration is considerably more difficult to define briefly , but for our purposes may be taken to mean the application of general rules to particular cases by the making of some order ( for example , a demolition order ) , or some decision ( for example , that an immigrant 's entry certificate was obtained by fraud in contravention of some statutory [rule] ) , or by performing some action ( for example , making a payment of social security benefit ) .

Another important area of government activity is what might loosely be called ‘ regulation ’ .
another important area of government activity is what might loosely be called ‘ [rule] ’ .

For example , a significant proportion of judicial review actions arise out of regulation of the movement of persons ( that is , immigration control ) .
for example , a significant proportion of judicial review actions arise out of [rule] of the movement of persons ( that is , immigration control ) .

On the other hand , although in recent years the regulation of the financial services industry has generated a lot of judicial review applications against regulatory bodies , the courts have discouraged these largely because they do not want court proceedings to be used as tactical weapons to delay financial transactions by parties disappointed by the failure of a regulatory body to give the applicant the protection it sought from financial predators .
on the other hand , although in recent years the [rule] of the financial services industry has generated a lot of judicial review applications against regulatory bodies , the courts have discouraged these largely because they do not want court proceedings to be used as tactical weapons to delay financial transactions by parties disappointed by the failure of a regulatory body to give the applicant the protection it sought from financial predators .

Another related issue raised by regulation is the balance between external regulation and ‘ self-regulation ’ .
another related issue raised by [rule] is the balance between external [rule] and ‘ self-regulation ’ .

So it has been held that a provision in a statute that regulations made under the statute will take effect as if enacted in the statute ( that is , they will be unchallengeable as if they were made by Parliament ) does not prevent the courts holding the regulation to be ultra vires .
so it has been held that a provision in a statute that regulations made under the statute will take effect as if enacted in the statute ( that is , they will be unchallengeable as if they were made by parliament ) does not prevent the courts holding the [rule] to be ultra vires .

However , it also seems clear that it is permissible to argue , in defence to a prosecution for breach of a statute or regulation , that the relevant statutory provision or regulation is ultra vires ; but it is difficult to see how this involves assertion of a ‘ private law right ’ : there is no private law right not to be prosecuted apart from the right not to be prosecuted maliciously .
however , it also seems clear that it is permissible to argue , in defence to a prosecution for breach of a statute or [rule] , that the relevant statutory provision or [rule] is ultra vires ; but it is difficult to see how this involves assertion of a ‘ private law right ’ : there is no private law right not to be prosecuted apart from the right not to be prosecuted maliciously .

It would be possible to set about this exercise with the assumption that legal regulation of family and personal behaviour is law insofar as its pedigree passes the appropriate test .
it would be possible to set about this exercise with the assumption that legal [rule] of family and personal behaviour is law insofar as its pedigree passes the appropriate test .

Legal withdrawal in the recent past from regulation of personal matters such as sexuality and birth control suggests that the uneasiness about law 's role in relation to the family may be explained in part by looking at the history of the debate on law and private morality .
legal withdrawal in the recent past from [rule] of personal matters such as sexuality and birth control suggests that the uneasiness about law 's role in relation to the family may be explained in part by looking at the history of the debate on law and private morality .

This is where the recent history of law 's withdrawal from the regulation of private morality provides a useful perspective .
this is where the recent history of law 's withdrawal from the [rule] of private morality provides a useful perspective .

’ Thus the tension persists between the liberal position , which advocates non-regulation or delegalization of matters identified as personal or private , and the absolutist position which advocates regulation on the outbreak of moral panic .
’ thus the tension persists between the liberal position , which advocates non-regulation or delegalization of matters identified as personal or private , and the absolutist position which advocates [rule] on the outbreak of moral panic .

The common thread linking arguments favouring these methods is the claim that they are new , and are alternatives to legal regulation .
the common thread linking arguments favouring these methods is the claim that they are new , and are alternatives to legal [rule] .

His thesis is that in Western societies today state involvement in redistribution of the benefits and burdens of citizenship , and state planning and regulation in public law , has led to an abandonment of concern with formal justice and a turning to procedural and substantive justice .
his thesis is that in western societies today state involvement in redistribution of the benefits and burdens of citizenship , and state planning and [rule] in public law , has led to an abandonment of concern with formal justice and a turning to procedural and substantive justice .

It has already been suggested that informal methods of dispute-resolution in the family arena are not new , nor are they alternatives to legal regulation .
it has already been suggested that informal methods of dispute-resolution in the family arena are not new , nor are they alternatives to legal [rule] .

Power in the family is not just concerned with the formulation and definition of points of view and the claims family members make on one another ; it also affects internal regulation .
power in the family is not just concerned with the formulation and definition of points of view and the claims family members make on one another ; it also affects internal [rule] .

The report seems to concede that no export regulation could conceivably have prevented this collection from leaving the country , and also acknowledges that one of the main reasons why Baron von Thyssen , and other great collectors such as Heinz Berggruen , chose to bring their art collection to Switzerland in the first place was , and remains , the great freedom offered by the Swiss legal system .
the report seems to concede that no export [rule] could conceivably have prevented this collection from leaving the country , and also acknowledges that one of the main reasons why baron von thyssen , and other great collectors such as heinz berggruen , chose to bring their art collection to switzerland in the first place was , and remains , the great freedom offered by the swiss legal system .

Marjorie Stone , general counsel at Sotheby 's , warned that more regulation of auction houses threatened to slow any recovery of the art market in general .
marjorie stone , general counsel at sotheby 's , warned that more [rule] of auction houses threatened to slow any recovery of the art market in general .

It has put forward two revised proposals : a directive on the return of cultural objects unlawfully removed from the territory of a member state , and a short regulation on the export of cultural goods ( see The Art Newspaper No .
it has put forward two revised proposals : a directive on the return of cultural objects unlawfully removed from the territory of a member state , and a short [rule] on the export of cultural goods ( see the art newspaper no .

The Meaning and Purpose of Regulation
the meaning and purpose of [rule]

2 Is there a legitimate economic rationale for such regulation ?
2 is there a legitimate economic rationale for such [rule] ?

3 On balance , does regulation work ?
3 on balance , does [rule] work ?

Chapters 4 and 5 analyse in greater depth two common alternative regulatory frameworks , state control and rate regulation , building upon the early material .
chapters 4 and 5 analyse in greater depth two common alternative regulatory frameworks , state control and rate [rule] , building upon the early material .

1.2 What is meant by " economic regulation " ?
1.2 what is meant by " economic [rule] " ?

Regulation here is taken as meaning control of an industrial activity by government , in the sense of actions such as restrictions on firms entering the industry , constraints on firms actually in the industry , or both .
[rule] here is taken as meaning control of an industrial activity by government , in the sense of actions such as restrictions on firms entering the industry , constraints on firms actually in the industry , or both .

However , it is important to appreciate that any particular case of regulation seldom arises with just a single aim .
however , it is important to appreciate that any particular case of [rule] seldom arises with just a single aim .

One long-established form of regulation , which has a well-established pedigree in the economics literature , is correction for externalities which break the link between competition and efficiency .
one long-established form of [rule] , which has a well-established pedigree in the economics literature , is correction for externalities which break the link between competition and efficiency .

Hence the long history of Factory Acts , the Alkali Inspectorate and so on , a history of regulation to correct detrimental externalities by direct or indirect means .
hence the long history of factory acts , the alkali inspectorate and so on , a history of [rule] to correct detrimental externalities by direct or indirect means .

regulation ) or indirect means of payment ( advertising ) .
[rule] ) or indirect means of payment ( advertising ) .

Hence there is another reason for regulation , to protect consumers who can not be the best judges of their own welfare in all regards .
hence there is another reason for [rule] , to protect consumers who can not be the best judges of their own welfare in all regards .

Regulation is often a political issue .
[rule] is often a political issue .

1.3 Positive theories of regulation
1.3 positive theories of [rule]

Essentially , formulating a theory of regulation involves imputing motives to the various bodies involved in regulation ; various theories are obtained by imputing various motives .
essentially , formulating a theory of [rule] involves imputing motives to the various bodies involved in [rule] ; various theories are obtained by imputing various motives .

One facet of a critique would be that there are areas that do not fit the category of natural monopolies , and yet are subject to extensive regulation of the type under discussion .
one facet of a critique would be that there are areas that do not fit the category of natural monopolies , and yet are subject to extensive [rule] of the type under discussion .

Arguably more powerful , since it is more general , is the Economic theory of regulation .
arguably more powerful , since it is more general , is the economic theory of [rule] .

This has as its main thrust the idea that regulation itself is subject to economic laws .
this has as its main thrust the idea that [rule] itself is subject to economic laws .

The government is in a position to supply regulation and , indeed , it might commonly be eager to do so , if ministers gain utility in proportion to the size of resources they control .
the government is in a position to supply [rule] and , indeed , it might commonly be eager to do so , if ministers gain utility in proportion to the size of resources they control .

Certain industries will demand regulation if it helps to improve the position of the firms within them .
certain industries will demand [rule] if it helps to improve the position of the firms within them .

These benefits depend upon the difference between returns under regulation and those without it , hence , as Posner ( 1974 ) suggests , on the gains from cartelization and the ease of forming cartels .
these benefits depend upon the difference between returns under [rule] and those without it , hence , as posner ( 1974 ) suggests , on the gains from cartelization and the ease of forming cartels .

There is another strand to the Economic theory of regulation , which is that once the agency has an objective , those charged with carrying out the policies do so to the best of their ability .
there is another strand to the economic theory of [rule] , which is that once the agency has an objective , those charged with carrying out the policies do so to the best of their ability .

Also , evidence suggesting that regulation In fact has no effect goes against this viewpoint .
also , evidence suggesting that [rule] in fact has no effect goes against this viewpoint .

Critics of regulation from the standpoint of economic theory can not have it both ways .
critics of [rule] from the standpoint of economic theory can not have it both ways .

Assuming that regulation has the potential to promote social benefits , either it is effective , but in the wrong directions , or it is ineffective ; it can scarcely be both .
assuming that [rule] has the potential to promote social benefits , either it is effective , but in the wrong directions , or it is ineffective ; it can scarcely be both .

One more positive criticism of the Economic theory of regulation is that it lacks sufficient structure to make it testable .
one more positive criticism of the economic theory of [rule] is that it lacks sufficient structure to make it testable .

Civil servants , in contrast , are likely to seek active regulation in order to increase perceived responsibilities and hence , according to de Alessi , improve their chances of upgrading the post .
civil servants , in contrast , are likely to seek active [rule] in order to increase perceived responsibilities and hence , according to de alessi , improve their chances of upgrading the post .

Enough has been said , however , to make it clear that regulation need not necessarily act in the public interest .
enough has been said , however , to make it clear that [rule] need not necessarily act in the public interest .

Undoubtedly regulation of industry has the potential power to improve social welfare and to say we should abandon it because it may not always do so is nihilistic .
undoubtedly [rule] of industry has the potential power to improve social welfare and to say we should abandon it because it may not always do so is nihilistic .

We are essentially interested here in cases where important natural monopoly industries exist and the choice is between a free market and various forms of regulation .
we are essentially interested here in cases where important natural monopoly industries exist and the choice is between a free market and various forms of [rule] .

If regulation is involved , those charged with performing the surveillance should be seen as responsive to consumer as well as producer interests , if they are to reflect societies ' preferences .
if [rule] is involved , those charged with performing the surveillance should be seen as responsive to consumer as well as producer interests , if they are to reflect societies ' preferences .

Among other things , it ignores industrial gas consumption and the effects of regulation other than direct price effects .
among other things , it ignores industrial gas consumption and the effects of [rule] other than direct price effects .

The point is simply that the potential benefits from regulation can be very large .
the point is simply that the potential benefits from [rule] can be very large .

Because the potential benefits of regulation are so large , the questions discussed in later chapters are most decidedly real and important ones .
because the potential benefits of [rule] are so large , the questions discussed in later chapters are most decidedly real and important ones .

At the end of the day , an individual observer could conclude that the various costs of regulation exceeded the benefits and that therefore regulation should be abandoned , but such a conclusion , if warranted at all , is not warranted without a great deal of analysis .
at the end of the day , an individual observer could conclude that the various costs of [rule] exceeded the benefits and that therefore [rule] should be abandoned , but such a conclusion , if warranted at all , is not warranted without a great deal of analysis .

Regulation and Natural Monopoly
[rule] and natural monopoly

The previous chapter made the point that economic regulation involves controls on pricing and controls on entry .
the previous chapter made the point that economic [rule] involves controls on pricing and controls on entry .

The compromise , in this case , may therefore imply some outside regulation .
the compromise , in this case , may therefore imply some outside [rule] .

The solution here would be ( p2 , y , ) , assuming efficient regulation ( and making some abstractions ) .
the solution here would be ( p2 , y , ) , assuming efficient [rule] ( and making some abstractions ) .

Section 2.3 covers the key ideas of contestability and sustainability ( roughly , ease of entry and natural protection from inefficient entry ) and section 2.4 draws the various concepts together to consider the case for regulation .
section 2.3 covers the key ideas of contestability and sustainability ( roughly , ease of entry and natural protection from inefficient entry ) and section 2.4 draws the various concepts together to consider the case for [rule] .

Economic regulation consists of controls on prices and on entry .
economic [rule] consists of controls on prices and on entry .

It should be said at this stage that the case for regulation in any situation is weakened to the extent that the institutions which will themselves be involved are imperfect .
it should be said at this stage that the case for [rule] in any situation is weakened to the extent that the institutions which will themselves be involved are imperfect .

Finally , and more generally , it may perhaps be worthwhile to spell out the ways in which production may not match up to ideals under either regulation or unfettered market operation .
finally , and more generally , it may perhaps be worthwhile to spell out the ways in which production may not match up to ideals under either [rule] or unfettered market operation .

Regulation and the Theory of the Firm
[rule] and the theory of the firm

Indeed , imposing performance-based emoluments of this sort flies in the face of one major reason for regulation or public ownership in the first place .
indeed , imposing performance-based emoluments of this sort flies in the face of one major reason for [rule] or public ownership in the first place .

We will confine ourselves here to the state-owned case , leaving regulation to chapter 5 .
we will confine ourselves here to the state-owned case , leaving [rule] to chapter 5 .

In sum , this brief discussion has demonstrated that there are positive reasons for state ownership and control ; it is not self-evidently an inferior alternative to state regulation .
in sum , this brief discussion has demonstrated that there are positive reasons for state ownership and control ; it is not self-evidently an inferior alternative to state [rule] .

Gagnon and Simon have been less historically specific , but both interactionists and Foucault tend to the view that sexual behaviour is organised not through mechanisms of ‘ repression ’ but through powers of ‘ incitement ’ , definition and regulation .
gagnon and simon have been less historically specific , but both interactionists and foucault tend to the view that sexual behaviour is organised not through mechanisms of ‘ repression ’ but through powers of ‘ incitement ’ , definition and [rule] .

For sex , argues Foucault , is the pivot of two axes along which the whole technology of life developed : it was the point of entry to the body , to the harnessing , identification and distribution of forces over the body ; and it was the entry to control and regulation of populations .
for sex , argues foucault , is the pivot of two axes along which the whole technology of life developed : it was the point of entry to the body , to the harnessing , identification and distribution of forces over the body ; and it was the entry to control and [rule] of populations .

His approach is particularly important in helping us to grasp that control is not just negative , and might in fact be just as tight today despite an ostensible ‘ liberalisation ’ , that power over sexuality is not in the simple form of censorship and denial but in regulation and organisation , and that this takes many forms .
his approach is particularly important in helping us to grasp that control is not just negative , and might in fact be just as tight today despite an ostensible ‘ liberalisation ’ , that power over sexuality is not in the simple form of censorship and denial but in [rule] and organisation , and that this takes many forms .

They are the years , roughly , of British industrialisation and urbanisation , so this work is in broad terms an examination of various aspects of the regulation of sexuality within the period of industrial capitalism .
they are the years , roughly , of british industrialisation and urbanisation , so this work is in broad terms an examination of various aspects of the [rule] of sexuality within the period of industrial capitalism .

Within a wider social framework , we need to study both the formal and informal modes of the regulation of sexuality .
within a wider social framework , we need to study both the formal and informal modes of the [rule] of sexuality .

At the formal level this must involve the operations of Church and state , the regulation of marriage , divorce , illegitimacy , incest , sexual unorthodoxy and so on .
at the formal level this must involve the operations of church and state , the [rule] of marriage , divorce , illegitimacy , incest , sexual unorthodoxy and so on .

Peer-group regulation of adolescent courtship can substantially affect the patterns of sexuality , keeping the illegitimacy rates low , for instance , regulating the timing of marriage and the importance given to celibacy and restraint .
peer-group [rule] of adolescent courtship can substantially affect the patterns of sexuality , keeping the illegitimacy rates low , for instance , regulating the timing of marriage and the importance given to celibacy and restraint .

The political moment — that period when moral attitudes are transformed into formally political action — can be of key importance in nuancing the regulation of sexuality , and at crucial times a moral schema has been of prime significance in political propaganda .
the political moment — that period when moral attitudes are transformed into formally political action — can be of key importance in nuancing the [rule] of sexuality , and at crucial times a moral schema has been of prime significance in political propaganda .

It is all too easy to assume that formal regulation has an immediate unilinear impact , but in actuality the history of sexuality is as much a history of an avoidance of , or resistance to , the moral code , as of a simple acceptance and internalisation .
it is all too easy to assume that formal [rule] has an immediate unilinear impact , but in actuality the history of sexuality is as much a history of an avoidance of , or resistance to , the moral code , as of a simple acceptance and internalisation .

This somewhat schematic listing will serve to illustrate that sexual behaviour and its regulation can not be reduced to a simple explanatory factor ; nor can there be a simple , straightforward history .
this somewhat schematic listing will serve to illustrate that sexual behaviour and its [rule] can not be reduced to a simple explanatory factor ; nor can there be a simple , straightforward history .

Chapter 6 explores the construction of the category of the homosexual , important both as an illustration of the wider tendencies of sexual categorisation at work , and as an illustration of a specific sexual experience , and the efforts at social organisation and regulation it evokes .
chapter 6 explores the construction of the category of the homosexual , important both as an illustration of the wider tendencies of sexual categorisation at work , and as an illustration of a specific sexual experience , and the efforts at social organisation and [rule] it evokes .

Despite such efforts , it is likely that abortion played a major part in the regulation of family size amongst the working class , especially in factory districts , where knowledge of abortifacient techniques was widespread .
despite such efforts , it is likely that abortion played a major part in the [rule] of family size amongst the working class , especially in factory districts , where knowledge of abortifacient techniques was widespread .

Forms of moral regulation
forms of moral [rule]

This was the basis of the dichotomy of ‘ the private ’ and ‘ the public ’ upon which much sexual regulation rested .
this was the basis of the dichotomy of ‘ the private ’ and ‘ the public ’ upon which much sexual [rule] rested .

The division between the private and the public sphere , which was located both in economic development ( the separation of work and home ) and in social ideology , was by the end of the nineteenth century at the heart of moral discourse ; as a corollary , not surprisingly , the development of social purity was to have profound effects between the 1880s and the First World War on the regulation of sexual behaviour .
the division between the private and the public sphere , which was located both in economic development ( the separation of work and home ) and in social ideology , was by the end of the nineteenth century at the heart of moral discourse ; as a corollary , not surprisingly , the development of social purity was to have profound effects between the 1880s and the first world war on the [rule] of sexual behaviour .

It does so directly , obviously , through legislation on marriage and divorce , through the regulation of extra-marital sex , and through the moral assumptions of its agencies , such as the Poor Law ; and indirectly through its various forms of support for particular familial and household types , the education system , its role in encouraging or discouraging prosecutions , its omissions as well as its commissions .
it does so directly , obviously , through legislation on marriage and divorce , through the [rule] of extra-marital sex , and through the moral assumptions of its agencies , such as the poor law ; and indirectly through its various forms of support for particular familial and household types , the education system , its role in encouraging or discouraging prosecutions , its omissions as well as its commissions .

Not until 1908 , for instance , did state legal regulation replace ecclesiastical in the control of incest .
not until 1908 , for instance , did state legal [rule] replace ecclesiastical in the control of incest .

Changes in sexual regulation we may hypothesise were more a product of changing patterns of class power and alliances , various , and changing forms of pressure , and shifting perceptions of the moral needs of classes and masses rather than the result of any firm , moralizing policy .
changes in sexual [rule] we may hypothesise were more a product of changing patterns of class power and alliances , various , and changing forms of pressure , and shifting perceptions of the moral needs of classes and masses rather than the result of any firm , moralizing policy .

Simultaneously , state agencies were often uncertain about the effects of the legal regulation of extra-marital sex , and enforcement was sporadic and uneven .
simultaneously , state agencies were often uncertain about the effects of the legal [rule] of extra-marital sex , and enforcement was sporadic and uneven .

Even the moral reformer was primarily concerned — at least in terms of practical politics — with encouraging greater efforts in the regulation of the public arena , though imperceptibly many began to attempt to evangelise in the private too , in a tradition that had a considerable history , and a long future .
even the moral reformer was primarily concerned — at least in terms of practical politics — with encouraging greater efforts in the [rule] of the public arena , though imperceptibly many began to attempt to evangelise in the private too , in a tradition that had a considerable history , and a long future .

The major political groupings themselves had different attitudes towards moral regulation in the later part of the century .
the major political groupings themselves had different attitudes towards moral [rule] in the later part of the century .

Nevertheless , there was , in toto , an increase in legal regulation and public surveillance .
nevertheless , there was , in toto , an increase in legal [rule] and public surveillance .

But the regulation of sexual behaviour also became a way of policing the population at large , and this combination of factors is clearly manifest again in the social morality crusades of the nineteenth century .
but the [rule] of sexual behaviour also became a way of policing the population at large , and this combination of factors is clearly manifest again in the social morality crusades of the nineteenth century .

These , moreover , were designed not to prevent prostitution but to provide a degree of state regulation , with the aim of curtailing venereal disease .
these , moreover , were designed not to prevent prostitution but to provide a degree of state [rule] , with the aim of curtailing venereal disease .

Nevertheless , the apparent acceptance of prostitution in the Acts evoked a strong response from feminists , led by Josephine Butler , and from social moralists , which was directed particularly against the state regulation of vice .
nevertheless , the apparent acceptance of prostitution in the acts evoked a strong response from feminists , led by josephine butler , and from social moralists , which was directed particularly against the state [rule] of vice .

Often seen as a major stage in the humanisation of sexual relations and in the development of a single standard of morality , which was certainly the intention of feminists such as Josephine Butler , the changes nevertheless involved an extension of social regulation of sexual behaviour .
often seen as a major stage in the humanisation of sexual relations and in the development of a single standard of morality , which was certainly the intention of feminists such as josephine butler , the changes nevertheless involved an extension of social [rule] of sexual behaviour .

Many , however , continued in casual jobs which escaped legal regulation — running errands , minding market stalls , caring for younger children — and schools in poorer districts had high truancy rates .
many , however , continued in casual jobs which escaped legal [rule] — running errands , minding market stalls , caring for younger children — and schools in poorer districts had high truancy rates .

Its fifty-three recommendations included the extension and enforcement of state regulation of environmental health conditions such as overcrowding , smoke pollution , provision of open spaces , control over the distribution of food and the handling of milk ; work conditions should be improved , over-fatigue prevented ; mothers should be taught proper childcare and girls instructed in cookery and dietetics ; adult drinking and juvenile smoking should be curbed ; the state should encourage physical training and exercise ; there should be an adequate system of school medical inspection and a state-sponsored system of school feeding .
its fifty-three recommendations included the extension and enforcement of state [rule] of environmental health conditions such as overcrowding , smoke pollution , provision of open spaces , control over the distribution of food and the handling of milk ; work conditions should be improved , over-fatigue prevented ; mothers should be taught proper childcare and girls instructed in cookery and dietetics ; adult drinking and juvenile smoking should be curbed ; the state should encourage physical training and exercise ; there should be an adequate system of school medical inspection and a state-sponsored system of school feeding .

The proliferation of ‘ sweated ’ workshops , and outwork had itself been in part an employer response to the closer regulation of factories during the nineteenth century , an attempt to evade these regulations .
the proliferation of ‘ sweated ’ workshops , and outwork had itself been in part an employer response to the closer [rule] of factories during the nineteenth century , an attempt to evade these regulations .

This regulation does not apply to Australian Forces who must pay full civilian rates of postage .
this [rule] does not apply to australian forces who must pay full civilian rates of postage .

Besides these , sixty-three other acts were passed , dealing , inter alia , with the preservation of the banks of the Thames , the price of meat , the regulation of the cloth trade , the jointure of Lady Eleanor Clifford , and various exchanges of lands .
besides these , sixty-three other acts were passed , dealing , inter alia , with the preservation of the banks of the thames , the price of meat , the [rule] of the cloth trade , the jointure of lady eleanor clifford , and various exchanges of lands .

Mechanisms of political control were backed up by a harsh system of regulation , which attempted to minimize all social , political and economic change among the population at large .
mechanisms of political control were backed up by a harsh system of [rule] , which attempted to minimize all social , political and economic change among the population at large .

What seems to you to be a very minor regulation may appear to be a major infringement of liberty to another .
what seems to you to be a very minor [rule] may appear to be a major infringement of liberty to another .

An example is provided by the regulation of securities markets .
an example is provided by the [rule] of securities markets .

Their regulation can be traced back to the thirteenth century and subsequent legislation such as that of 1697 — ‘ An act to restrain the number and ill practice of brokers and stock brokers ’ .
their [rule] can be traced back to the thirteenth century and subsequent legislation such as that of 1697 — ‘ an act to restrain the number and ill practice of brokers and stock brokers ’ .

Out of the crisis of investor confidence caused by the Great Depression came the best-known scheme of securities regulation , that of the United States .
out of the crisis of investor confidence caused by the great depression came the best-known scheme of securities [rule] , that of the united states .

Confidence in the securities markets was one of the features emphasized by professor Gower , whose report led to the regime of regulation for United Kingdom financial services introduced by the Financial Services Act , 1986 .
confidence in the securities markets was one of the features emphasized by professor gower , whose report led to the regime of [rule] for united kingdom financial services introduced by the financial services act , 1986 .

One by one we had all our hair shaved off , in the regulation crop known as a ‘ boule à zéro ’ .
one by one we had all our hair shaved off , in the [rule] crop known as a ‘ boule à zéro ’ .

He made us fill up our regulation cups with hot water and press our uniforms using the flat base of the cup as an iron .
he made us fill up our [rule] cups with hot water and press our uniforms using the flat base of the cup as an iron .

’ Later , Newton would declare that the regulation of the solar system presupposed the ‘ counsel and dominion of an intelligent and powerful Being .
’ later , newton would declare that the [rule] of the solar system presupposed the ‘ counsel and dominion of an intelligent and powerful being .

Personalities vary , but typically he will be guided as much by intuition and personal judgment as by precept or regulation as he surveys the political landscape he must traverse before reaching his destination .
personalities vary , but typically he will be guided as much by intuition and personal judgment as by precept or [rule] as he surveys the political landscape he must traverse before reaching his destination .

Should regulation , based on international principles , supersede political intervention in the name of the national interest ?
should [rule] , based on international principles , supersede political intervention in the name of the national interest ?

The weapons are competition policy and regulation of trade and services .
the weapons are competition policy and [rule] of trade and services .

Understood in this broader sense , technological change can not be separated from market structures , patterns of competition and social regulation , and from the quality of the educational system and of the labour force .
understood in this broader sense , technological change can not be separated from market structures , patterns of competition and social [rule] , and from the quality of the educational system and of the labour force .

Regulation can vary from laissez-faire to the oppressive and capricious .
[rule] can vary from laissez-faire to the oppressive and capricious .

Starting from near laissez-faire during the 1950s , when the main action of government was allocation of scarce dollars among importers , policy shifted during the 1960s to heavy subsidisation and limited regulation of key local enterprises ( the chaebol ) , plus policies of excluding most foreigners .
starting from near laissez-faire during the 1950s , when the main action of government was allocation of scarce dollars among importers , policy shifted during the 1960s to heavy subsidisation and limited [rule] of key local enterprises ( the chaebol ) , plus policies of excluding most foreigners .

The determination to use private enterprises as key actors was later complemented by stronger regulation .
the determination to use private enterprises as key actors was later complemented by stronger [rule] .

The officer 's undress headgear was a dark blue visored forage cap of ‘ pill-box ’ shape : ‘ … the diameter at the top slightly less than at the base , the height 3¼ inches all round ; … The visor of black patent leather … continued on page 11 green underneath , rounded , and sloping downward from the horizontal … four black metal eyelets for ventilation , two on each side , placed above the band ; a cap cord of gold bullion ⅛ inch in diameter , secured at both ends by small regulation buttons … a band of lustrous black mohair braid … The cap badge for all officers will be the coat of arms of the United States , embroidered in gold , modified according to pattern , and will be placed in front so that the top of the badge will be slightly below the top of the cap . ’
the officer 's undress headgear was a dark blue visored forage cap of ‘ pill-box ’ shape : ‘ … the diameter at the top slightly less than at the base , the height 3¼ inches all round ; … the visor of black patent leather … continued on page 11 green underneath , rounded , and sloping downward from the horizontal … four black metal eyelets for ventilation , two on each side , placed above the band ; a cap cord of gold bullion ⅛ inch in diameter , secured at both ends by small [rule] buttons … a band of lustrous black mohair braid … the cap badge for all officers will be the coat of arms of the united states , embroidered in gold , modified according to pattern , and will be placed in front so that the top of the badge will be slightly below the top of the cap . ’

On 9 May 1898 the Quartermaster approved a radically new alternative field blouse for officers : ‘ … a blouse of cotton drilling or khaki … made with a single pleat 2 inches wide on the back and extending from the collar to the end of the skirt ; with two outside breast pockets and two outside pockets below the waist ; pockets covered with flaps , buttoned by a small regulation brass button ; … The coat to have a standing collar … from 1½ inches to 2 inches in width … a strap on each shoulder reaching from the sleeve seam to the collar seam and buttoning at the upper point with a small brass regulation button ; straps to be 1½ inches wide at the sleeve and 1 inch wide at the collar .
on 9 may 1898 the quartermaster approved a radically new alternative field blouse for officers : ‘ … a blouse of cotton drilling or khaki … made with a single pleat 2 inches wide on the back and extending from the collar to the end of the skirt ; with two outside breast pockets and two outside pockets below the waist ; pockets covered with flaps , buttoned by a small [rule] brass button ; … the coat to have a standing collar … from 1½ inches to 2 inches in width … a strap on each shoulder reaching from the sleeve seam to the collar seam and buttoning at the upper point with a small brass [rule] button ; straps to be 1½ inches wide at the sleeve and 1 inch wide at the collar .

Coat to be buttoned by five regulation buttons … The straps to be of the same material as the coat and of the colour of the facings of the arm .
coat to be buttoned by five [rule] buttons … the straps to be of the same material as the coat and of the colour of the facings of the arm .

The policies of the Fabians were described by Beatrice Webb during the 1890s as ‘ essentially collective ownership wherever practicable ; collective regulation everywhere else ; collective provision according to need for all the impotent and sufferers ; and collective taxation in proportion to wealth ’ .
the policies of the fabians were described by beatrice webb during the 1890s as ‘ essentially collective ownership wherever practicable ; collective [rule] everywhere else ; collective provision according to need for all the impotent and sufferers ; and collective taxation in proportion to wealth ’ .

When , for example , Sidney Webb talked of a ‘ fourfold path of collective administration of public services , collective regulation of private industry , collective taxation of unearned income , and collective provision for the dependent sections of the community ’ as being the pathway to socialism , he outlined a programme with which many New Liberals in practice agreed .
when , for example , sidney webb talked of a ‘ fourfold path of collective administration of public services , collective [rule] of private industry , collective taxation of unearned income , and collective provision for the dependent sections of the community ’ as being the pathway to socialism , he outlined a programme with which many new liberals in practice agreed .

Roosevelt 's New Deal programme was an exercise in regulatory government and led to a major growth in regulation by administrative agencies .
roosevelt 's new deal programme was an exercise in regulatory government and led to a major growth in [rule] by administrative agencies .

As Harold Laski wrote in 1925 : ‘ Anyone who studies the record of war-control of industry from 1914 to 1918 , will be amazed at the mass of material we possess upon the necessary mechanisms of regulation .
as harold laski wrote in 1925 : ‘ anyone who studies the record of war-control of industry from 1914 to 1918 , will be amazed at the mass of material we possess upon the necessary mechanisms of [rule] .

Norms develop about internal regulation within the group , about interactions , power , language and discipline .
norms develop about internal [rule] within the group , about interactions , power , language and discipline .

The deregulation effort eventually petered out , but the Reaganites continued to use administrative discretion in their efforts to lighten the burden of regulation on industry and business .
the deregulation effort eventually petered out , but the reaganites continued to use administrative discretion in their efforts to lighten the burden of [rule] on industry and business .

In a review in Nature 358 , 720 ( 1992 ) , wrote that ‘ [ Vogel ] leads us through the functions and regulation of the heart and circulation with extraordinary clarity and lightness of touch .
in a review in nature 358 , 720 ( 1992 ) , wrote that ‘ [ vogel ] leads us through the functions and [rule] of the heart and circulation with extraordinary clarity and lightness of touch .

Less secrecy about drug regulation is in the public interest
less secrecy about drug [rule] is in the public interest

This is a Bill certified by the Speaker as containing only provisions relating to the imposition , repeal or regulation of taxation , the imposition or variation of charges on the consolidated fund , etc .
this is a bill certified by the speaker as containing only provisions relating to the imposition , repeal or [rule] of taxation , the imposition or variation of charges on the consolidated fund , etc .

Skin and healing , temperature regulation , hygiene and comfort
skin and healing , temperature [rule] , hygiene and comfort

2 Temperature regulation .
2 temperature [rule] .

An intact skin protects the internal structures from water loss and assists in temperature regulation .
an intact skin protects the internal structures from water loss and assists in temperature [rule] .

Temperature Regulation
temperature [rule]

The temperature regulation centre in the brain usually maintains the balance between heat production and loss .
the temperature [rule] centre in the brain usually maintains the balance between heat production and loss .

Any regulation must lead to interference with individual rights .
any [rule] must lead to interference with individual rights .

Yes , it 's an argument with those who say either the market or state regulation with no possibility of any synthesis .
yes , it 's an argument with those who say either the market or state [rule] with no possibility of any synthesis .

At least in the first stage of transition , there is no alternative other than a combination of the market and state regulation .
at least in the first stage of transition , there is no alternative other than a combination of the market and state [rule] .

Later , it 's the market and a bit of state regulation , and at the end perhaps a deregulated market .
later , it 's the market and a bit of state [rule] , and at the end perhaps a deregulated market .

Both the maximum daily amount paid and the limits of discretion in defining approved duties were subject to central government advice or regulation .
both the maximum daily amount paid and the limits of discretion in defining approved duties were subject to central government advice or [rule] .

‘ Piece Of Heaven ’ follows with melodic perfection , while ‘ Carnival Of Sinners ’ features a regulation of rock bass , guitar flourishes and a melody carried by strong vocals with a faint Prefab Sprouty tinge to them .
‘ piece of heaven ’ follows with melodic perfection , while ‘ carnival of sinners ’ features a [rule] of rock bass , guitar flourishes and a melody carried by strong vocals with a faint prefab sprouty tinge to them .

In the structural consensus view , these processes are vital , for they are the means by which to achieve social integration and moral regulation in society .
in the structural consensus view , these processes are vital , for they are the means by which to achieve social integration and moral [rule] in society .

Let us imagine a society where social integration and moral regulation are perfect , and exist throughout society .
let us imagine a society where social integration and moral [rule] are perfect , and exist throughout society .

The influx of new upper-class members underlying these changes led to social innovations such as published listings of the gentry and members of ‘ Society ’ ( Scott , 1982 , p. 90 , citing Davidoff ) , which were a blatant example of social closure in their regulation of social acceptability and status among the propertied .
the influx of new upper-class members underlying these changes led to social innovations such as published listings of the gentry and members of ‘ society ’ ( scott , 1982 , p. 90 , citing davidoff ) , which were a blatant example of social closure in their [rule] of social acceptability and status among the propertied .

In hotels visitors may obtain alcoholic drinks outside the regulation hours for their own consumption in the hotel in which they are resident .
in hotels visitors may obtain alcoholic drinks outside the [rule] hours for their own consumption in the hotel in which they are resident .

For example , regulation may bring benefits in terms of consumer protection but add costs by making firms less competitive .
for example , [rule] may bring benefits in terms of consumer protection but add costs by making firms less competitive .

Essentially this new regulation , or reregulation as it has become known , is the supervision of conflicts of interest and other risks that arise out of the process of deregulation .
essentially this new [rule] , or reregulation as it has become known , is the supervision of conflicts of interest and other risks that arise out of the process of deregulation .

The reason for this new wave of regulation is due to the fear that unchecked deregulation could be conducive to systemic risk and market abuse .
the reason for this new wave of [rule] is due to the fear that unchecked deregulation could be conducive to systemic risk and market abuse .

This regulation is aimed at securing some of the policy goals sought by governments , even if at the expense of others .
this [rule] is aimed at securing some of the policy goals sought by governments , even if at the expense of others .

The main forms of regulation are :
the main forms of [rule] are :

Prudential Rules : prudential regulation is essential to help ensure the safety and soundness of financial institutions .
prudential rules : prudential [rule] is essential to help ensure the safety and soundness of financial institutions .

Competitive Regulation : here , the aim is to ensure that competition is not eliminated or seriously hampered by the formation of cartels .
competitive [rule] : here , the aim is to ensure that competition is not eliminated or seriously hampered by the formation of cartels .

Regulation aimed at preventing the Concentration of Economic Power : the concern here is to prevent certain sectors of the financial markets from being ‘ dominated ’ by other sectors of the industry .
[rule] aimed at preventing the concentration of economic power : the concern here is to prevent certain sectors of the financial markets from being ‘ dominated ’ by other sectors of the industry .

Regulation is therefore imposed to ensure that conflict situations are not abused .
[rule] is therefore imposed to ensure that conflict situations are not abused .

Disclosure requirements are a key example of this type of regulation .
disclosure requirements are a key example of this type of [rule] .

It would appear , then , that despite the shift in emphasis from regulation to deregulation , there still remains an entrenched reliance upon regulatory measures .
it would appear , then , that despite the shift in emphasis from [rule] to deregulation , there still remains an entrenched reliance upon regulatory measures .

The global movement away from reregulation towards deregulation is then a switch from one type of regulation to another .
the global movement away from reregulation towards deregulation is then a switch from one type of [rule] to another .

The outcome may well be , on balance , a more tightly regulated environment , but the emphasis of this regulation will be different .
the outcome may well be , on balance , a more tightly regulated environment , but the emphasis of this [rule] will be different .

The current pattern of regulation is complex .
the current pattern of [rule] is complex .

’ It is the aim of this study , in order to maximize this advantage , to focus on one area of financial regulation — the Chinese Wall — where law and economics do interface and where their intersection is one of clear economic dimensions .
’ it is the aim of this study , in order to maximize this advantage , to focus on one area of financial [rule] — the chinese wall — where law and economics do interface and where their intersection is one of clear economic dimensions .

Scholars have expressed grave reservations concerning the fact that the field of regulation in general has been ‘ shamefully neglected ’ , not only in terms of interdisciplinary analysis , but also in terms of traditional legal scholarship .
scholars have expressed grave reservations concerning the fact that the field of [rule] in general has been ‘ shamefully neglected ’ , not only in terms of interdisciplinary analysis , but also in terms of traditional legal scholarship .

To sum up this section , it is argued that a purely economic approach can not provide a comprehensive treatment of financial market regulation , or any part thereof .
to sum up this section , it is argued that a purely economic approach can not provide a comprehensive treatment of financial market [rule] , or any part thereof .

Until the advent of the Financial Services Act 1986 , regulation had been decidedly piecemeal ‘ combining a variety of Government measures with a large degree of self-regulation ’ .
until the advent of the financial services act 1986 , [rule] had been decidedly piecemeal ‘ combining a variety of government measures with a large degree of self-regulation ’ .

Following the government 's overhaul of the financial sector , traditional self-regulation has been replaced by ‘ practitioner based ’ , ‘ statute-backed ’ regulation .
following the government 's overhaul of the financial sector , traditional self-regulation has been replaced by ‘ practitioner based ’ , ‘ statute-backed ’ [rule] .

In principle , conflicts of interest and their attendant problems can be viewed from essentially two different perspectives : those who favour minimal regulation , and those who favour more stringent regulatory controls .
in principle , conflicts of interest and their attendant problems can be viewed from essentially two different perspectives : those who favour minimal [rule] , and those who favour more stringent regulatory controls .

An even more radical view , advocated by those who favour less rather than more regulation of conflicts of interest , is one which is often attributed to the Chicago school .
an even more radical view , advocated by those who favour less rather than more [rule] of conflicts of interest , is one which is often attributed to the chicago school .

Here , the fact that a conflict of interest is abused is not in itself a sound basis for regulation .
here , the fact that a conflict of interest is abused is not in itself a sound basis for [rule] .

While market forces may undoubtedly bring many positive benefits , both socially and politically , there are many occasions when it is legitimate to subject them to regulation in order to secure confidence and fairness in the operation of the financial markets .
while market forces may undoubtedly bring many positive benefits , both socially and politically , there are many occasions when it is legitimate to subject them to [rule] in order to secure confidence and fairness in the operation of the financial markets .

Ultimately , however , market forces should not be allowed to dictate the extent of regulation .
ultimately , however , market forces should not be allowed to dictate the extent of [rule] .

Regulation which might be more costly in the short term than the actual abuses it seeks to regulate , may be justifiable in the long run .
[rule] which might be more costly in the short term than the actual abuses it seeks to regulate , may be justifiable in the long run .

competition , public opinion and … law and regulation , all supplemented by moral and ethical aspects .
competition , public opinion and … law and [rule] , all supplemented by moral and ethical aspects .

The question of conflicts of interest and duty within financial conglomerates and the regulation thereof is not entirely academic .
the question of conflicts of interest and duty within financial conglomerates and the [rule] thereof is not entirely academic .

Is regulation really defensible , or should the practice be left unfettered from regulatory controls ?
is [rule] really defensible , or should the practice be left unfettered from regulatory controls ?

Of course , often when moral arguments such as the above favouring the regulation of insider dealing are advocated , those who support unfettered dealing shift the emphasis to questions of economic efficiency , proof , and enforcement .
of course , often when moral arguments such as the above favouring the [rule] of insider dealing are advocated , those who support unfettered dealing shift the emphasis to questions of economic efficiency , proof , and enforcement .

At an academic and policy level the debate over the pros and cons of insider dealing has run its course ; those in favour of regulation have won .
at an academic and policy level the debate over the pros and cons of insider dealing has run its course ; those in favour of [rule] have won .

How does one decide whether the overall economic costs of regulation outweigh the overall economic benefits of regulation ?
how does one decide whether the overall economic costs of [rule] outweigh the overall economic benefits of [rule] ?

Manne argues , however , that that regulation via increased disclosure decreases efficiency .
manne argues , however , that that [rule] via increased disclosure decreases efficiency .

In adopting this approach , Manne ignores the fact that much financial regulation including insider dealing has been sponsored by liberal groups , and not necessarily by the regulatory bodies .
in adopting this approach , manne ignores the fact that much financial [rule] including insider dealing has been sponsored by liberal groups , and not necessarily by the regulatory bodies .

While difficulties in calculating harm may impede the application of the ‘ harm-to-others ’ principle , the regulation of insider dealing should not stand or fall on the fact that proof of harm is difficult to acquire .
while difficulties in calculating harm may impede the application of the ‘ harm-to-others ’ principle , the [rule] of insider dealing should not stand or fall on the fact that proof of harm is difficult to acquire .

But what form should regulation take ?
but what form should [rule] take ?

Should criminal or civil sanctions be employed , or should regulation fall to the professional bodies , to be dealt with in the time-honoured fashion of self-regulation ?
should criminal or civil sanctions be employed , or should [rule] fall to the professional bodies , to be dealt with in the time-honoured fashion of self-regulation ?

The regulation of insider dealing necessarily involves a complex assessment of the available regulatory options .
the [rule] of insider dealing necessarily involves a complex assessment of the available regulatory options .

In principle these include : formal regulation by law , involving criminal and/or civil sanctions ; self-regulation by the relevant professional bodies ; or an amalgam of both formal law and self-regulation .
in principle these include : formal [rule] by law , involving criminal and/or civil sanctions ; self-regulation by the relevant professional bodies ; or an amalgam of both formal law and self-regulation .

While the above advantages are undeniable , and would all have a positive bearing on the regulation of insider dealing , self-regulation is better seen as a complement to , rather than as a replacement of , formal regulatory measures .
while the above advantages are undeniable , and would all have a positive bearing on the [rule] of insider dealing , self-regulation is better seen as a complement to , rather than as a replacement of , formal regulatory measures .

Statute-backed regulation is necessary in order to lay down minimum standards in the public domain .
statute-backed [rule] is necessary in order to lay down minimum standards in the public domain .

The nature of this formal regulation has been the subject of much debate .
the nature of this formal [rule] has been the subject of much debate .

Formal regulation finds expression through technically prohibitive statements of law , backed up by the threat of some sanction consequent upon breach .
formal [rule] finds expression through technically prohibitive statements of law , backed up by the threat of some sanction consequent upon breach .

Formal legal regulation is often cumbersome and time consuming .
formal legal [rule] is often cumbersome and time consuming .

It is clear then , that there are flaws in relying upon solely statutory regulation or self-regulation to regulate insider abuse .
it is clear then , that there are flaws in relying upon solely statutory [rule] or self-regulation to regulate insider abuse .

The reluctance of the judge at first instance to adopt a policy approach at a time when the obvious intention of the Act , not to mention the thrust of securities regulation in general , was to clamp down on market abuse , can only be described as an anomalous , not to mention unwelcome , development .
the reluctance of the judge at first instance to adopt a policy approach at a time when the obvious intention of the act , not to mention the thrust of securities [rule] in general , was to clamp down on market abuse , can only be described as an anomalous , not to mention unwelcome , development .

Family health services authorities therefore have no effective managerial influence over general practitioners , resulting in a bureaucratic relationship concerned with regulation rather than a partnership devoted to improving patient care .
family health services authorities therefore have no effective managerial influence over general practitioners , resulting in a bureaucratic relationship concerned with [rule] rather than a partnership devoted to improving patient care .

Self regulation through medical audit , postgraduate education , and possibly professional reaccreditation are only a partial answer because they give no input to consumer or management .
self [rule] through medical audit , postgraduate education , and possibly professional reaccreditation are only a partial answer because they give no input to consumer or management .

Although the concept of tumour cells producing degradative enzymes is appealing , particularly in the light of Liotta 's three step theory of invasion , it is now becoming clear that production and regulation of metalloproteinases in health is a delicate host derived balance .
although the concept of tumour cells producing degradative enzymes is appealing , particularly in the light of liotta 's three step theory of invasion , it is now becoming clear that production and [rule] of metalloproteinases in health is a delicate host derived balance .

During the 1960s , however , the use of market methods of monetary regulation ( e.g .
during the 1960s , however , the use of market methods of monetary [rule] ( e.g .

The response of the authorities to the inadequacy of market methods of control was to introduce , and increasingly rely upon , non-market methods of regulation .
the response of the authorities to the inadequacy of market methods of control was to introduce , and increasingly rely upon , non-market methods of [rule] .

Other methods of regulation used by the authorities were ‘ moral suasion ’ and direct controls .
other methods of [rule] used by the authorities were ‘ moral suasion ’ and direct controls .

Competition The proposals included a number of reforms which were intended to stimulate competition in the financial system and also to remove some of the discriminatory aspects of the previous methods of regulation :
competition the proposals included a number of reforms which were intended to stimulate competition in the financial system and also to remove some of the discriminatory aspects of the previous methods of [rule] :

Their adoption is , however , a matter of choice , in line with Council strategy to keep regulation to a minimum .
their adoption is , however , a matter of choice , in line with council strategy to keep [rule] to a minimum .

The Health and Safety Commission also called for help from business , particularly small firms , ‘ for whom Government regulation — if there is no proper advice and assistance — can sometimes seem to be a particularly heavy burden ’ , said its chairman , . It is forming seven industrial task groups —
the health and safety commission also called for help from business , particularly small firms , ‘ for whom government [rule] — if there is no proper advice and assistance — can sometimes seem to be a particularly heavy burden ’ , said its chairman , . it is forming seven industrial task groups —

The Office of Electricity Regulation should investigate the preferential contracts between the regional electricity boards and the gas-fired power stations .
the office of electricity [rule] should investigate the preferential contracts between the regional electricity boards and the gas-fired power stations .

You 'll see there that like most of his kind he was detained without trial for a few months under Regulation 18B-in nineteen forty .
you 'll see there that like most of his kind he was detained without trial for a few months under [rule] 18b-in nineteen forty .

The current research interests of the members of the staff include International Economic Law , Legal regulation of international economic transactions , e.g. International Codes of Conducts for Transnational Corporations and Transfer of Technology , patterns of international regulation in international legal system , regional integration , international regulation of narcotic drugs , law of the sea , human rights , international humanitarian law .
the current research interests of the members of the staff include international economic law , legal [rule] of international economic transactions , e.g. international codes of conducts for transnational corporations and transfer of technology , patterns of international [rule] in international legal system , regional integration , international [rule] of narcotic drugs , law of the sea , human rights , international humanitarian law .

Echoing another observation by Freud , the authors of the recent study note that ‘ The superego in its function as a pilot seems to utilize internalized verbal prohibitions ’ , and point out that the efficacy of verbal regulation seems to be linked to the time-table of brain growth , and in particular to the maturation of the frontal lobes , themselves one of the major cerebral acquisitions produced by the process of neoteny in man : ‘ The frontal lobe comprises about one third of the hemispheric surface ; it includes the primary motor areas , the premotor areas , and frontal eye fields .
echoing another observation by freud , the authors of the recent study note that ‘ the superego in its function as a pilot seems to utilize internalized verbal prohibitions ’ , and point out that the efficacy of verbal [rule] seems to be linked to the time-table of brain growth , and in particular to the maturation of the frontal lobes , themselves one of the major cerebral acquisitions produced by the process of neoteny in man : ‘ the frontal lobe comprises about one third of the hemispheric surface ; it includes the primary motor areas , the premotor areas , and frontal eye fields .

We are currently working on the regulation of breathing , the control of movement , ion movements across heart , muscle and blood cell membranes , the developing nervous system , hormone release and lifetime changes in the reproductive system .
we are currently working on the [rule] of breathing , the control of movement , ion movements across heart , muscle and blood cell membranes , the developing nervous system , hormone release and lifetime changes in the reproductive system .

When relations between associated groups and the bureaucracy become ‘ concerted ’ — when group representatives participate in policy deliberations , regulation and administration — there can be a loss of group autonomy .
when relations between associated groups and the bureaucracy become ‘ concerted ’ — when group representatives participate in policy deliberations , [rule] and administration — there can be a loss of group autonomy .

Another association between bureaucracy and the regulation of class conflict under contemporary capitalism has been noted by Wolfe ( 1977 ) .
another association between bureaucracy and the [rule] of class conflict under contemporary capitalism has been noted by wolfe ( 1977 ) .

State regimentation of the economy , price controls , the regulation of credit and the money market , the control of foreign trade all strengthened the position of monopoly capitalism .
state regimentation of the economy , price controls , the [rule] of credit and the money market , the control of foreign trade all strengthened the position of monopoly capitalism .

It ‘ welds together all the differentiated and diversely articulated organs of social management , regulation and command into one immense structure of power ’ ( Feher , Heller and Markus 1983 , p. 109 ) .
it ‘ welds together all the differentiated and diversely articulated organs of social management , [rule] and command into one immense structure of power ’ ( feher , heller and markus 1983 , p. 109 ) .

An alternative approach is to seek an explanation of bureaucratic power in the changing social structure of post-colonial states and the state 's regulation of the political forces generated by such changes .
an alternative approach is to seek an explanation of bureaucratic power in the changing social structure of post-colonial states and the state 's [rule] of the political forces generated by such changes .

Capitalist interests become threatened because the legitimacy of non-coercive regulation of capital-labour relations has not been established .
capitalist interests become threatened because the legitimacy of non-coercive [rule] of capital-labour relations has not been established .

Characterisation of these mutations might be expected to tell us something about the normal regulation of haemopoiesis .
characterisation of these mutations might be expected to tell us something about the normal [rule] of haemopoiesis .

Correlated with scintigraphic measurements , it could become the method of choice in evaluating the role of gastric distention in the regulation of appetite and assessing the efficacy of drugs on sensations of hunger and satiety .
correlated with scintigraphic measurements , it could become the method of choice in evaluating the role of gastric distention in the [rule] of appetite and assessing the efficacy of drugs on sensations of hunger and satiety .

The role of gastric distention in the regulation of appetite is well established .
the role of gastric distention in the [rule] of appetite is well established .

The role of chemotactic N-formylated peptides in the regulation of mucosal permeability has recently come to light .
the role of chemotactic n-formylated peptides in the [rule] of mucosal permeability has recently come to light .

All these data point to the importance of leukocytes in the regulation of intestinal permeability .
all these data point to the importance of leukocytes in the [rule] of intestinal permeability .

Howard was wearing regulation red striped shirt and braces but his glasses were the trend-setting steel octagon design rather than the circular , coloured owl frames which were on their way out .
howard was wearing [rule] red striped shirt and braces but his glasses were the trend-setting steel octagon design rather than the circular , coloured owl frames which were on their way out .

We were all dressed in the regulation issue khaki overalls , but Waters had three stripes on his sleeves in case we did n't know what a sergeant was .
we were all dressed in the [rule] issue khaki overalls , but waters had three stripes on his sleeves in case we did n't know what a sergeant was .

Recent data indicate that the serotonergic systems implicated in the regulation of feeding and mood remain altered in anorexia nervous patients even after weight restoration .
recent data indicate that the serotonergic systems implicated in the [rule] of feeding and mood remain altered in anorexia nervous patients even after weight restoration .

Though the Workshops Regulation Act of 1867 forbade the employment of children under eight in any handicraft and stated that those aged between eight and thirteen must attend school for at least ten hours a week , it was difficult to enforce these provisions and they were widely evaded .
though the workshops [rule] act of 1867 forbade the employment of children under eight in any handicraft and stated that those aged between eight and thirteen must attend school for at least ten hours a week , it was difficult to enforce these provisions and they were widely evaded .

These are constitutional limits on the regulation of politics , the separate elections to separate branches of government ( many for fixed terms ) , the role of the media , and candidate centred campaigns in a climate of weakened political parties .
these are constitutional limits on the [rule] of politics , the separate elections to separate branches of government ( many for fixed terms ) , the role of the media , and candidate centred campaigns in a climate of weakened political parties .

All are crucial to check bureaucratic regulation , state surveillance , and invisible government which have increased since 1945 .
all are crucial to check bureaucratic [rule] , state surveillance , and invisible government which have increased since 1945 .

This regulation was exploited by over 1,000 pro-Indian individuals and organizations each applying for the opportunity to participate in the hearings and thereby assist Harper in delaying a vote .
this [rule] was exploited by over 1,000 pro-indian individuals and organizations each applying for the opportunity to participate in the hearings and thereby assist harper in delaying a vote .

On Dec. 8 the State Council abolished a regulation which required public functionaries to be subjected to a security investigation .
on dec. 8 the state council abolished a [rule] which required public functionaries to be subjected to a security investigation .

In late March the Chamber of Deputies approved a bill relating to the regulation of the banking sector , sometimes referred to as the `` Amato law `` after Giuliano Amato , the Socialist Treasury Minister in the previous De Mita administration who had been one of its prime movers .
in late march the chamber of deputies approved a bill relating to the [rule] of the banking sector , sometimes referred to as the `` amato law `` after giuliano amato , the socialist treasury minister in the previous de mita administration who had been one of its prime movers .

The bill also covered other aspects of television and radio regulation , including frequencies , advertising and news programmes .
the bill also covered other aspects of television and radio [rule] , including frequencies , advertising and news programmes .

New regulation on mergers and competition
new [rule] on mergers and competition

Turning his attention to the industrialized world , Camdessus regulation and underlined the importance of spending on health and education to develop `` human capital `` .
turning his attention to the industrialized world , camdessus [rule] and underlined the importance of spending on health and education to develop `` human capital `` .

The Soviet central government newspaper Izvestiya published on March 7 the `` fundamentals `` regarding land regulation , as discussed by the Supreme Soviet on Feb. 20 and 28 .
the soviet central government newspaper izvestiya published on march 7 the `` fundamentals `` regarding land [rule] , as discussed by the supreme soviet on feb. 20 and 28 .

The bill entered into force on March 13 , and under a transitional regulation in force until the end of 1990 citizens were allowed to resume using their former names simply by registering them with local authorities ; after 1990 a name could only be changed subject to approval and registration by a court of law .
the bill entered into force on march 13 , and under a transitional [rule] in force until the end of 1990 citizens were allowed to resume using their former names simply by registering them with local authorities ; after 1990 a name could only be changed subject to approval and registration by a court of law .

This trend would appear to be an inevitable consequence of the internationalisation of bond trading and , in the absence of unexpected changes in regulation , is unlikely to be reversed .
this trend would appear to be an inevitable consequence of the internationalisation of bond trading and , in the absence of unexpected changes in [rule] , is unlikely to be reversed .

c ) Clearing , regulation and membership
c ) clearing , [rule] and membership

Within the United States the exchanges sometimes complain of over regulation by Federal agencies and excessive tax burdens .
within the united states the exchanges sometimes complain of over [rule] by federal agencies and excessive tax burdens .

This glut of contracts can also be partly explained by the actions of some banks supporting their national exchanges , and by some governments ' policies through their tax legislation and regulation actions which are aimed at establishing a presence in what is thought to be an essential requirement for each country 's financial centre .
this glut of contracts can also be partly explained by the actions of some banks supporting their national exchanges , and by some governments ' policies through their tax legislation and [rule] actions which are aimed at establishing a presence in what is thought to be an essential requirement for each country 's financial centre .

The hiatus after 1986 relates to a crisis arising from a large volume of issuance in relation to demand at excessively tight spreads , although it was triggered by concerns regarding regulation of banks ' issues ( see Davis , 1989 ) .
the hiatus after 1986 relates to a crisis arising from a large volume of issuance in relation to demand at excessively tight spreads , although it was triggered by concerns regarding [rule] of banks ' issues ( see davis , 1989 ) .

issuers and investors may be from any country ( subject to regulation ) , while intermediaries may be from third countries .
issuers and investors may be from any country ( subject to [rule] ) , while intermediaries may be from third countries .

This final section identifies some key issues relating to the future of the eurobond market — patterns of borrowing and the issue of convergence — and its location in London — regulation and excess capacity .
this final section identifies some key issues relating to the future of the eurobond market — patterns of borrowing and the issue of convergence — and its location in london — [rule] and excess capacity .

5.3.3 Regulation
5.3.3 [rule]

Despite the volume of complaints about the Financial Services Act , the regulation of the eurobond market in London is relatively light .
despite the volume of complaints about the financial services act , the [rule] of the eurobond market in london is relatively light .

While there is no regulation that specifically excludes due diligence work on a listed company , in practice it is rarely undertaken due to the rules on equality of information to be given not only to all shareholders but also to offerors or bona fide potential offerors .
while there is no [rule] that specifically excludes due diligence work on a listed company , in practice it is rarely undertaken due to the rules on equality of information to be given not only to all shareholders but also to offerors or bona fide potential offerors .

Regulation of the listed securities market
[rule] of the listed securities market

As has been evident from the previous two matches , the European team will bring the stronger hitters in the match , being an average of nine yards a man longer off the tee and hitting one green in regulation more per round .
as has been evident from the previous two matches , the european team will bring the stronger hitters in the match , being an average of nine yards a man longer off the tee and hitting one green in [rule] more per round .

If he had played in the match he would have been the least accurate driver , the player missing the most greens in regulation and the worst bunker player on the team .
if he had played in the match he would have been the least accurate driver , the player missing the most greens in [rule] and the worst bunker player on the team .

The primary focus of research is on the records generated by the enforcement in the late fourteenth century of the labour laws , the earliest attempt at national wage regulation .
the primary focus of research is on the records generated by the enforcement in the late fourteenth century of the labour laws , the earliest attempt at national wage [rule] .

Risks of biotechnology and their regulation
risks of biotechnology and their [rule]

This research will study interactions between industry , government and pressure groups in the regulation of biotechnology hazards .
this research will study interactions between industry , government and pressure groups in the [rule] of biotechnology hazards .

However , this pro-active approach to risk regulation raises interesting new scientific and policy-related issues , among the most important being the stage of decision making at which human values should be taken into account .
however , this pro-active approach to risk [rule] raises interesting new scientific and policy-related issues , among the most important being the stage of decision making at which human values should be taken into account .

These measures were intended to introduce a new era in health and safety particularly through methods of ‘ self regulation ’ backed by a minimum of general rules .
these measures were intended to introduce a new era in health and safety particularly through methods of ‘ self [rule] ’ backed by a minimum of general rules .

New fisheries legislation which changed the basis for regulation of Greenland 's shrimp fisheries and attached quasi-property rights to licences to fish were introduced in 1990/91 , and were aimed at tackling the industry 's problems .
new fisheries legislation which changed the basis for [rule] of greenland 's shrimp fisheries and attached quasi-property rights to licences to fish were introduced in 1990/91 , and were aimed at tackling the industry 's problems .

The research surveys current literature on the impact of legal regulation on different aspects of economic activity in Germany and Britain and attempts to develop a perspective from which to evaluate the changing role of law in government and industry relations in both countries .
the research surveys current literature on the impact of legal [rule] on different aspects of economic activity in germany and britain and attempts to develop a perspective from which to evaluate the changing role of law in government and industry relations in both countries .

Accounting regulation as coporatist control : preliminary work
accounting [rule] as coporatist control : preliminary work

The regulation of firms with market power
the [rule] of firms with market power

Economic policy ; Industrial economics ; Investment ; Public finance and expenditure ; Profitability and competitiveness ; Public administration ; Public policy and decision making ; Economics of regulation
economic policy ; industrial economics ; investment ; public finance and expenditure ; profitability and competitiveness ; public administration ; public policy and decision making ; economics of [rule]

In a recent book ‘ Privatisation and Regulation ’ , edited by John Kay , Colin Mayer and David Thompson ( currently or associated with the Institute of Fiscal Studies ) , privatisation was identified as having one of three forms : denationalisation , deregulation and franchising .
in a recent book ‘ privatisation and [rule] ’ , edited by john kay , colin mayer and david thompson ( currently or associated with the institute of fiscal studies ) , privatisation was identified as having one of three forms : denationalisation , deregulation and franchising .

Regulation and deregulation of markets for legal services in the
[rule] and deregulation of markets for legal services in the

This project aims to investigate the evolution of rules at European and national level in selected areas of labour market regulation .
this project aims to investigate the evolution of rules at european and national level in selected areas of labour market [rule] .

Finally it suggests an alternative approach to the standard studies of ‘ white collar crime ’ and the limits of legal regulation .
finally it suggests an alternative approach to the standard studies of ‘ white collar crime ’ and the limits of legal [rule] .

Regulation ought to involve precise definition and separation of wastes into hazardous and non-hazardous , or different levels of hazard .
[rule] ought to involve precise definition and separation of wastes into hazardous and non-hazardous , or different levels of hazard .

In recent years there has been growing attention to the effects of different types of employment regulation on the structure of labour markets and performance of employment relations .
in recent years there has been growing attention to the effects of different types of employment [rule] on the structure of labour markets and performance of employment relations .

First , the successful introduction of a new communication technology , satellite broadcasting , and second , the Europeanisation of the regulation of television .
first , the successful introduction of a new communication technology , satellite broadcasting , and second , the europeanisation of the [rule] of television .

The issue of professional regulation in medicine has long been a matter of both public and academic interest .
the issue of professional [rule] in medicine has long been a matter of both public and academic interest .

This research explores one area of regulation involving lay and professional people : the medical service committees which deal with complaints against GPs .
this research explores one area of [rule] involving lay and professional people : the medical service committees which deal with complaints against gps .

The General Medical Council : a case study of professional self- regulation
the general medical council : a case study of professional self- [rule]

Agricultural policy in Britain : accountability and regulation in the dairy sector
agricultural policy in britain : accountability and [rule] in the dairy sector

In the dairy sector , ‘ exceptionalism ’ was generated though an achieved balance between self-regulation and external legal regulation which conferred considerable autonomy on the farming community through the operation of the Milk Marketing Board .
in the dairy sector , ‘ exceptionalism ’ was generated though an achieved balance between self-regulation and external legal [rule] which conferred considerable autonomy on the farming community through the operation of the milk marketing board .

An inquiry into the role of regulation in social policy
an inquiry into the role of [rule] in social policy

Drawing information from a variety of sources , and in particular from a national database of commons being structured at the Department of Geography , Aberystwyth , representative samples of ‘ public access ’ commons will be selected for analysis , with a view to evaluating the ways in which such areas are administered , the problems that they face , and the effectiveness of particular schemes of management and regulation .
drawing information from a variety of sources , and in particular from a national database of commons being structured at the department of geography , aberystwyth , representative samples of ‘ public access ’ commons will be selected for analysis , with a view to evaluating the ways in which such areas are administered , the problems that they face , and the effectiveness of particular schemes of management and [rule] .

Human geography ; Economics of regulation ; Economic policy ; Labour economics ; Urban and regional development
human geography ; economics of [rule] ; economic policy ; labour economics ; urban and regional development

One barrier to the regulation of rural land use change is the absence of planning controls over farming and forestry .
one barrier to the [rule] of rural land use change is the absence of planning controls over farming and forestry .

Increased commercial development pressures and the relaxation of planning regulation in the countryside have excited widespread public concern .
increased commercial development pressures and the relaxation of planning [rule] in the countryside have excited widespread public concern .

Many questions have been raised about the issues , including the opportunities for interagency co-operation , the methods of crime investigation and repression , the regulation of police accountability , and the protection of civil rights .
many questions have been raised about the issues , including the opportunities for interagency co-operation , the methods of crime investigation and repression , the [rule] of police accountability , and the protection of civil rights .

The main hypothesis is that the social adaptation results in an informal regulation of work-performance to meet the requirement that ‘ actual ’ effort expended by workers of equal status should be rewarded equally .
the main hypothesis is that the social adaptation results in an informal [rule] of work-performance to meet the requirement that ‘ actual ’ effort expended by workers of equal status should be rewarded equally .

This study compares regulation in two of the world 's greatest stock markets .
this study compares [rule] in two of the world 's greatest stock markets .

Mr Gummer said the proposals resulted from the agri-environment regulation agreed in last year 's Common Agricultural Policy reform package .
mr gummer said the proposals resulted from the agri-environment [rule] agreed in last year 's common agricultural policy reform package .

The Act gives power to the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry to delegate powers of regulation to the Securities and Investment Board , which in turn is responsible for delegating responsibility to a number of self-regulatory bodies governing practice in the securities market , insurance broking , fund management , provision of investment advice , and activities in futures and options .
the act gives power to the secretary of state for trade and industry to delegate powers of [rule] to the securities and investment board , which in turn is responsible for delegating responsibility to a number of self-regulatory bodies governing practice in the securities market , insurance broking , fund management , provision of investment advice , and activities in futures and options .

The basic problem is that the way in which the Act confers rule-making powers is deficient [ except for certain powers dealing , for instance , with the regulation of unit trusts ] .
the basic problem is that the way in which the act confers rule-making powers is deficient [ except for certain powers dealing , for instance , with the [rule] of unit trusts ] .

In particular , the Society says that the Advisory Committee 's proposals on training , ‘ fitness and properness , ’ regulation and compliance are seriously flawed , and contain no indemnity and compensation measures at all [ unlike the equivalent structure which was established on the introduction of licensed conveyancers ] .
in particular , the society says that the advisory committee 's proposals on training , ‘ fitness and properness , ’ [rule] and compliance are seriously flawed , and contain no indemnity and compensation measures at all [ unlike the equivalent structure which was established on the introduction of licensed conveyancers ] .

Miss Tilley was no expert in parochial regulation .
miss tilley was no expert in parochial [rule] .

The Act does little more than authorise the Secretary of State to issue rules for the regulation of prisons and the Prison Rules 1964 , though subsequently amended , can be shown to be very out of date .
the act does little more than authorise the secretary of state to issue rules for the [rule] of prisons and the prison rules 1964 , though subsequently amended , can be shown to be very out of date .

Carbonate sediment would provide a closer , though still imperfect , match , a reminder that deep mantle recycling and mantle plumes may play a role in long-term climate regulation .
carbonate sediment would provide a closer , though still imperfect , match , a reminder that deep mantle recycling and mantle plumes may play a role in long-term climate [rule] .

With Maisie still keeping the regulation distance between the two of them , he almost ran after the headmaster , swinging his arms crazily and taking strides so long that a casual observer might have been forgiven for assuming that he , too , was practising the art of Islamic dancing .
with maisie still keeping the [rule] distance between the two of them , he almost ran after the headmaster , swinging his arms crazily and taking strides so long that a casual observer might have been forgiven for assuming that he , too , was practising the art of islamic dancing .

On the one hand , national and supra-national states attempt to regulate social relations and the relations between individuals ( and such regulation leads to tensions and conflicts as classes and individuals try to reassert their personal and collective identities through local state institutions ) .
on the one hand , national and supra-national states attempt to regulate social relations and the relations between individuals ( and such [rule] leads to tensions and conflicts as classes and individuals try to reassert their personal and collective identities through local state institutions ) .

This does not seem to have succeeded any more than had an earlier regulation that only waste from timber cut with axe or adze was `` lawful `` , not sawn timber .
this does not seem to have succeeded any more than had an earlier [rule] that only waste from timber cut with axe or adze was `` lawful `` , not sawn timber .

Furthermore , while economic historians might assess in retrospect the effects of excise on levels of consumption , or by implication on the level of savings , customs duties in their own time were never seen solely from the point of view of the revenue but always as an important instrument of economic regulation .
furthermore , while economic historians might assess in retrospect the effects of excise on levels of consumption , or by implication on the level of savings , customs duties in their own time were never seen solely from the point of view of the revenue but always as an important instrument of economic [rule] .

, markets not subject to direct price or quantity regulation by the government ) will fail to achieve an efficient allocation .
, markets not subject to direct price or quantity [rule] by the government ) will fail to achieve an efficient allocation .

Direct regulation of pollution has met with mixed success over the last 25 years .
direct [rule] of pollution has met with mixed success over the last 25 years .

Suppose we assume that each regulation is enforced up to the point at which the marginal cost and marginal benefit of saving life are equal for that activity .
suppose we assume that each [rule] is enforced up to the point at which the marginal cost and marginal benefit of saving life are equal for that activity .

By avoiding explicit consideration of social costs and benefits , government policy may be inconsistent in its implicit valuation of health or safety in different activities under regulation .
by avoiding explicit consideration of social costs and benefits , government policy may be inconsistent in its implicit valuation of health or safety in different activities under [rule] .

Finally , local government is responsible for some types of regulation , for example land use or zoning laws .
finally , local government is responsible for some types of [rule] , for example land use or zoning laws .

In some countries they are private industries subject to state regulation ; in other countries they are state-run or nationalized industries .
in some countries they are private industries subject to state [rule] ; in other countries they are state-run or nationalized industries .

The 1973 Act introduced a Director-General of Fair Trading to supervise many aspects of competition and consumer law including the regulation of quality and standards discussed in Chapter 15 .
the 1973 act introduced a director-general of fair trading to supervise many aspects of competition and consumer law including the [rule] of quality and standards discussed in chapter 15 .

The extent of airline regulation illustrates many of the principles we are studying in Part 3 .
the extent of airline [rule] illustrates many of the principles we are studying in part 3 .

Regulation in Europe
[rule] in europe

European scheduled air travel has been the subject of extensive regulation by government agreement .
european scheduled air travel has been the subject of extensive [rule] by government agreement .

What would you predict that the consequences of such intensive regulation would be ?
what would you predict that the consequences of such intensive [rule] would be ?

The future of regulation in Europe
the future of [rule] in europe

What principles should inform European airline regulation in the future ?
what principles should inform european airline [rule] in the future ?

Externalities requiring the regulation of safety and noise can be treated separately from competition policy .
externalities requiring the [rule] of safety and noise can be treated separately from competition policy .

If the reform of Europe 's airline regulation is carried out intelligently , the gains will be substantial .
if the reform of europe 's airline [rule] is carried out intelligently , the gains will be substantial .

But taxing road use may be administratively difficult and expensive , and direct regulation may be preferable .
but taxing road use may be administratively difficult and expensive , and direct [rule] may be preferable .

Provided either competition or effective regulation provides adequate discipline on private managers , on balance , companies will tend to achieve lower cost curves in the private sector than in the public sector .
provided either competition or effective [rule] provides adequate discipline on private managers , on balance , companies will tend to achieve lower cost curves in the private sector than in the public sector .

Market Power and Regulation
market power and [rule]

In short , the privatizing of giant firms not subject to severe international competition is unlikely to be attractive unless it is accompanied by regulation .
in short , the privatizing of giant firms not subject to severe international competition is unlikely to be attractive unless it is accompanied by [rule] .

Before discussing regulation in detail , we must make one obvious point .
before discussing [rule] in detail , we must make one obvious point .

The first is regulation .
the first is [rule] .

Greater competition would require less regulation , but that will have to wait until after the election .
greater competition would require less [rule] , but that will have to wait until after the election .

In the meantime it is better to have tough regulation than none at all , and the consumer must have someone who can intervene on his behalf more effectively than in the past .
in the meantime it is better to have tough [rule] than none at all , and the consumer must have someone who can intervene on his behalf more effectively than in the past .

It has been reported in the press today that gas regulation is in disarray .
it has been reported in the press today that gas [rule] is in disarray .

Some such services are illegal , and many are against the rules in the toughened regulation .
some such services are illegal , and many are against the rules in the toughened [rule] .

The combination of greater competition and better regulation will provide the benefits that customers need .
the combination of greater competition and better [rule] will provide the benefits that customers need .

Paragraph 57 says : ’ For the purpose of maintaining breathable air within the accommodation , it should be required by regulation that the ventilation air intakes should be provided with smoke and gas detectors and that on smoke or gas alarm the ventilation and dampers should be shut down ’ .
paragraph 57 says : ’ for the purpose of maintaining breathable air within the accommodation , it should be required by [rule] that the ventilation air intakes should be provided with smoke and gas detectors and that on smoke or gas alarm the ventilation and dampers should be shut down ’ .

Does my right hon. and learned Friend agree that the whole purpose of the reforms is to increase the number of inspections in schools , not reduce them , and that the monitoring and regulation of the new system will be such that it would not be in the professional interest of any inspector to try to fiddle a report ?
does my right hon. and learned friend agree that the whole purpose of the reforms is to increase the number of inspections in schools , not reduce them , and that the monitoring and [rule] of the new system will be such that it would not be in the professional interest of any inspector to try to fiddle a report ?

Does my hon. Friend agree that a co-ordinated tax policy across the Community — now advocated by the Opposition — would severely damage inward investment , much of which is attracted here by our lower corporation tax and income tax rates ? The Labour party advocates that in addition to its well-known policies of intervention , control and regulation .
does my hon. friend agree that a co-ordinated tax policy across the community — now advocated by the opposition — would severely damage inward investment , much of which is attracted here by our lower corporation tax and income tax rates ? the labour party advocates that in addition to its well-known policies of intervention , control and [rule] .

Would not it be easy to accede to the commissioner 's request to change the three points in the regulation which the Commission says are defective and deal with Crown immune areas , reduce the latitude given to authorities and ensure that environmental assessments are recorded in writing so that we have proper regulations and proper environmental impact assessments ? That would test whether Oxleas wood , Twyford down and other such places would survive if there were proper implementation of European law .
would not it be easy to accede to the commissioner 's request to change the three points in the [rule] which the commission says are defective and deal with crown immune areas , reduce the latitude given to authorities and ensure that environmental assessments are recorded in writing so that we have proper regulations and proper environmental impact assessments ? that would test whether oxleas wood , twyford down and other such places would survive if there were proper implementation of european law .

Under the Electricity Act 1989 , the regulator is directed to monitor the progress of combined heat and power . Will my hon. Friend discuss with the Office of Electricity Regulation the complaints of the Combined Heat and Power Association that existing regulations contain barriers to the progress of combined heat and power , which should be removed ?
under the electricity act 1989 , the regulator is directed to monitor the progress of combined heat and power . will my hon. friend discuss with the office of electricity [rule] the complaints of the combined heat and power association that existing regulations contain barriers to the progress of combined heat and power , which should be removed ?

The best way in which to get agreement on those matters is through international agreement and international regulation .
the best way in which to get agreement on those matters is through international agreement and international [rule] .

At one stage , Labour sheds crocodile tears for the decline in the merchant fleet , yet in the next breath , it says how much more regulation it would like to be applied to the merchant fleet .
at one stage , labour sheds crocodile tears for the decline in the merchant fleet , yet in the next breath , it says how much more [rule] it would like to be applied to the merchant fleet .

The Government have set up an effective system of regulation .
the government have set up an effective system of [rule] .

That is effective Conservative regulation in action .
that is effective conservative [rule] in action .

The installation of pre-payment meters is one reason why the number of disconnections has fallen , but more important is the fact that the regional electricity companies , under the terms of their licence , have to approve a code of conduct with the Office of Electricity Regulation and must offer customers who are in genuine difficulties a payment plan so that debt can be paid off over a period .
the installation of pre-payment meters is one reason why the number of disconnections has fallen , but more important is the fact that the regional electricity companies , under the terms of their licence , have to approve a code of conduct with the office of electricity [rule] and must offer customers who are in genuine difficulties a payment plan so that debt can be paid off over a period .

They have conned those elderly people who now have the dreadful prospect of losing their homes in their 60s and 70s because of that or because of the weakness of financial regulation . Will the Minister give a guarantee in the last few days of his Government that none of those elderly people will have their home repossessed ?
they have conned those elderly people who now have the dreadful prospect of losing their homes in their 60s and 70s because of that or because of the weakness of financial [rule] . will the minister give a guarantee in the last few days of his government that none of those elderly people will have their home repossessed ?

Legislation will be introduced to reinforce the regulation of privatised utilities .
legislation will be introduced to reinforce the [rule] of privatised utilities .

Mr. Secretary Wakeham , supported by Mr. Secretary Howard , Mr. Secretary Hunt , Mr. Secretary Lilley , Mr. Secretary Lang , Mr. David Mellor , Mr. David Heathcoat-Amory and Mr. Colin Moynihan , presented a Bill to make provision for extending the duration of , and increasing the limit on , grants under section 3 of the Coal Industry Act 1987 and to repeal the Coal Mines Regulation Act 1908 : And the same was read the First time ; and ordered to be read a Second time and to be printed [ Bill 2 . ]
mr. secretary wakeham , supported by mr. secretary howard , mr. secretary hunt , mr. secretary lilley , mr. secretary lang , mr. david mellor , mr. david heathcoat-amory and mr. colin moynihan , presented a bill to make provision for extending the duration of , and increasing the limit on , grants under section 3 of the coal industry act 1987 and to repeal the coal mines [rule] act 1908 : and the same was read the first time ; and ordered to be read a second time and to be printed [ bill 2 . ]

Similarly , the Gracious Speech is an apology for the privatisation process that has taken place , because it has led to the wholesale transfer of monopolies from the public to the private sector without serious competition , or adequate regulation to replace competition where it could not exist .
similarly , the gracious speech is an apology for the privatisation process that has taken place , because it has led to the wholesale transfer of monopolies from the public to the private sector without serious competition , or adequate [rule] to replace competition where it could not exist .

That is why the Queen 's Speech contains a commitment to introduce legislation to reinforce the regulation of privatised utilities .
that is why the queen 's speech contains a commitment to introduce legislation to reinforce the [rule] of privatised utilities .

It concerns privatisations that have taken place in the past few years under processes and with measures of regulation which the Government said were more than adequate , dismissing all our criticisms .
it concerns privatisations that have taken place in the past few years under processes and with measures of [rule] which the government said were more than adequate , dismissing all our criticisms .

That can not happen in the water industry , so there must be much more effective regulation than has existed in the past .
that can not happen in the water industry , so there must be much more effective [rule] than has existed in the past .

The regulations represent the Government 's second attempt to amend the regulation that previously applied in such cases — regulation 72 , introduced in April 1987 .
the regulations represent the government 's second attempt to amend the [rule] that previously applied in such cases — [rule] 72 , introduced in april 1987 .

The Government first attempted to exclude altogether supplementary benefit and national assistance from the scope of regulation 72 .
the government first attempted to exclude altogether supplementary benefit and national assistance from the scope of [rule] 72 .

’ Increasingly the Regulation was being interpreted in a way which was much wider than intended with applications for review becoming ever more speculative .
’ increasingly the [rule] was being interpreted in a way which was much wider than intended with applications for review becoming ever more speculative .

If enough evidence and expertise exists to deal with a late appeal , there must be enough evidence and expertise to deal with a review under regulation 72 .
if enough evidence and expertise exists to deal with a late appeal , there must be enough evidence and expertise to deal with a review under [rule] 72 .

The majority of people who had benefited by the use of regulation 72 have suffered some kind of physical and/or mental disability .
the majority of people who had benefited by the use of [rule] 72 have suffered some kind of physical and/or mental disability .

How can the limiting of regulation 72 be justified by a Department which has the declared aim of targeting benefits where they are most needed ?
how can the limiting of [rule] 72 be justified by a department which has the declared aim of targeting benefits where they are most needed ?

If he has not misunderstood , he has deliberately manipulated the reasons why the Government introduced regulation 72 .
if he has not misunderstood , he has deliberately manipulated the reasons why the government introduced [rule] 72 .

Gentleman will know , or at least his advisers will know , that regulation 72 was originally introduced in April 1987 to provide for the unlimited payment of arrears of benefits in cases where an error in the determination of entitlement to benefit had been made by an official of the Department .
gentleman will know , or at least his advisers will know , that [rule] 72 was originally introduced in april 1987 to provide for the unlimited payment of arrears of benefits in cases where an error in the determination of entitlement to benefit had been made by an official of the department .

That is an absurd claim when , irrespective of the regulation that we are discussing , there are regular delays of between two and four hours for routine applications to social security offices .
that is an absurd claim when , irrespective of the [rule] that we are discussing , there are regular delays of between two and four hours for routine applications to social security offices .

Every Member of Parliament here tonight probably represents thousands of constituents who will be affected by this mean little regulation .
every member of parliament here tonight probably represents thousands of constituents who will be affected by this mean little [rule] .

The Minister is condemned by his own words and by his original statutory instrument which sought to remove entirely the words ’ supplementary benefit ’ from the regulation .
the minister is condemned by his own words and by his original statutory instrument which sought to remove entirely the words ’ supplementary benefit ’ from the [rule] .

The same argument applies to the repeal of the Coal Mines Regulation Act 1908 .
the same argument applies to the repeal of the coal mines [rule] act 1908 .

One of the barriers to what the Government would regard as a successful sale is the amount of regulation covering coal mining activities .
one of the barriers to what the government would regard as a successful sale is the amount of [rule] covering coal mining activities .

The best that the Government can do is propose to bring the worst regulator up to the standard of the inadequate , when we need regulation aspiring to the standards of the best .
the best that the government can do is propose to bring the worst regulator up to the standard of the inadequate , when we need [rule] aspiring to the standards of the best .

To some extent , it increases regulation on the margin , which is welcome and necessary , and proposes some competition on the margin .
to some extent , it increases [rule] on the margin , which is welcome and necessary , and proposes some competition on the margin .

Friends who sat on the respective Committees or spoke on the Second Reading of Bills associated with privatisation said at the time that the Government were privatising monopoly , not introducing effective competition and regulation , and the matter would have to be examined again .
friends who sat on the respective committees or spoke on the second reading of bills associated with privatisation said at the time that the government were privatising monopoly , not introducing effective competition and [rule] , and the matter would have to be examined again .

Several more pieces of legislation will have to be enacted before there is effective competition or regulation within the privatised industries .
several more pieces of legislation will have to be enacted before there is effective competition or [rule] within the privatised industries .

At present , we are the only party prepared to grasp the nettle and to recognise that consumers ' interests require both effective competition in the marketplace — the Government have a long way to go before they create that — and effective regulation where the market can not produce a solution .
at present , we are the only party prepared to grasp the nettle and to recognise that consumers ' interests require both effective competition in the marketplace — the government have a long way to go before they create that — and effective [rule] where the market can not produce a solution .

The Bill provides a little extra competition and regulation on the margin , but it does not fundamentally transform the regime .
the bill provides a little extra competition and [rule] on the margin , but it does not fundamentally transform the regime .

We recognise the need — the Government always have recognised it — for regulation , when there are elements of monopoly .
we recognise the need — the government always have recognised it — for [rule] , when there are elements of monopoly .

We also believe that competition is superior to regulation , so whenever possible we promote competition so that the need for regulation is not as great .
we also believe that competition is superior to [rule] , so whenever possible we promote competition so that the need for [rule] is not as great .

Indeed , the conditions of Elizabethan and later Stuart regulation of drama required a written text .
indeed , the conditions of elizabethan and later stuart [rule] of drama required a written text .

Austrians are highly critical of neo-classical theory for its static treatment of markets and its assumption of perfect information ; these assume away the very factors that explain how markets work and why market coordination is more efficient than the alternative of regulation and planning .
austrians are highly critical of neo-classical theory for its static treatment of markets and its assumption of perfect information ; these assume away the very factors that explain how markets work and why market coordination is more efficient than the alternative of [rule] and planning .

Because they reject static analysis and consider the market structure of perfect competition irrelevant , Austrians strongly favour market coordination and are highly critical of government regulation of markets .
because they reject static analysis and consider the market structure of perfect competition irrelevant , austrians strongly favour market coordination and are highly critical of government [rule] of markets .

There are three main sets of instruments government can use : taxes and subsidies to private firms , regulation and public sector production .
there are three main sets of instruments government can use : taxes and subsidies to private firms , [rule] and public sector production .

Nationalization and regulation of natural monopolies
nationalization and [rule] of natural monopolies

This is often referred to as prudential regulation and it consists of setting down standards in respect of such matters as the capital reserves which have to be maintained by banks .
this is often referred to as prudential [rule] and it consists of setting down standards in respect of such matters as the capital reserves which have to be maintained by banks .

This pilot study examines the role of boundaries in the regulation of behaviour within the family setting , involving the interplay of family activities and domestic space .
this pilot study examines the role of boundaries in the [rule] of behaviour within the family setting , involving the interplay of family activities and domestic space .

The regulation approach and spatial development
the [rule] approach and spatial development

This will become more evident if we go on to consider democracy in its larger sense as a state of affairs in which all citizens participate , and are encouraged to participate , as fully as possible in the organization and regulation of their whole social life .
this will become more evident if we go on to consider democracy in its larger sense as a state of affairs in which all citizens participate , and are encouraged to participate , as fully as possible in the organization and [rule] of their whole social life .

Furthermore , the pressure of working-class parties and trade unions has helped to produce a much more substantial intervention by the state in the economy , and this situation , although it can be interpreted from one aspect as the emergence of a new type of ‘ organized ’ or ‘ managed ’ capitalism , does also constitute a degree of protection of working-class interests against the power of capital through the general regulation of economic activity and the provision of an extensive network of social services , however imperfectly this may be done .
furthermore , the pressure of working-class parties and trade unions has helped to produce a much more substantial intervention by the state in the economy , and this situation , although it can be interpreted from one aspect as the emergence of a new type of ‘ organized ’ or ‘ managed ’ capitalism , does also constitute a degree of protection of working-class interests against the power of capital through the general [rule] of economic activity and the provision of an extensive network of social services , however imperfectly this may be done .

Durkheim ( 1893 ) , in his discussion of the ‘ abnormal forms ’ of the division of labour , long ago drew attention to what he regarded as a condition of ‘ anomie ’ in the sphere of production , characterized by the absence of a body of rules governing the relations between different social functions — above all between labour and capital — and saw as both probable and desirable a growing normative regulation of industrial relations .
durkheim ( 1893 ) , in his discussion of the ‘ abnormal forms ’ of the division of labour , long ago drew attention to what he regarded as a condition of ‘ anomie ’ in the sphere of production , characterized by the absence of a body of rules governing the relations between different social functions — above all between labour and capital — and saw as both probable and desirable a growing normative [rule] of industrial relations .

Hence it might be argued , as Marcuse ( 1964 ) and others did , that a large part of the Western working class has been effectively incorporated into the economy and society of advanced capitalism , not only in the sphere of consumption , as a result of increasing prosperity , but also in the sphere of production , through the increasingly elaborate regulation of industrial relations by law and custom , and through the apparent technological imperatives of a high productivity , high consumption society .
hence it might be argued , as marcuse ( 1964 ) and others did , that a large part of the western working class has been effectively incorporated into the economy and society of advanced capitalism , not only in the sphere of consumption , as a result of increasing prosperity , but also in the sphere of production , through the increasingly elaborate [rule] of industrial relations by law and custom , and through the apparent technological imperatives of a high productivity , high consumption society .

It is not simply that the former communist societies in Eastern Europe were characterized , to a greater or lesser extent , by relative economic backwardness and political authoritarianism , and consequently had little appeal as models for the future development of any advanced industrial society , but that the democratic socialism of social democratic and labour parties in the capitalist world , despite its real achievements in improving the conditions of life of the working class , has come to be more critically judged as tending to promote an excessive centralization of decision making , growth of bureaucracy and regulation of the lives of individuals , and has lost something of the persuasive character it once had as a movement aiming to create a new civilization .
it is not simply that the former communist societies in eastern europe were characterized , to a greater or lesser extent , by relative economic backwardness and political authoritarianism , and consequently had little appeal as models for the future development of any advanced industrial society , but that the democratic socialism of social democratic and labour parties in the capitalist world , despite its real achievements in improving the conditions of life of the working class , has come to be more critically judged as tending to promote an excessive centralization of decision making , growth of bureaucracy and [rule] of the lives of individuals , and has lost something of the persuasive character it once had as a movement aiming to create a new civilization .

The general regulation of economic and social life at the national level , and relations with other nation states , require a complex apparatus of government and administration , parties with broadly formulated aims and policies , and competition between parties ; but there is also a need for more direct and immediate means of political action , which would allow the effective expression of particular grievances and interests , counter some of the consequences of centralization and bureaucratic administration and make possible a more continuous practical participation by large numbers of citizens in determining the quality of their lives .
the general [rule] of economic and social life at the national level , and relations with other nation states , require a complex apparatus of government and administration , parties with broadly formulated aims and policies , and competition between parties ; but there is also a need for more direct and immediate means of political action , which would allow the effective expression of particular grievances and interests , counter some of the consequences of centralization and bureaucratic administration and make possible a more continuous practical participation by large numbers of citizens in determining the quality of their lives .

In the industrial type of society there is , according to Spencer , a tendency for central regulation and coercive control to decline and to be replaced by representative institutions and a more diffuse system of regulation ; but this view is then qualified in various ways , and Spencer finally concludes that representative government depends largely upon the existence of a particular type of economy the laissez-faire free-enterprise economy — which creates the conditions in which ‘ multitudinous objects are achieved by spontaneously evolved combinations of citizens governed representatively ’ .
in the industrial type of society there is , according to spencer , a tendency for central [rule] and coercive control to decline and to be replaced by representative institutions and a more diffuse system of [rule] ; but this view is then qualified in various ways , and spencer finally concludes that representative government depends largely upon the existence of a particular type of economy the laissez-faire free-enterprise economy — which creates the conditions in which ‘ multitudinous objects are achieved by spontaneously evolved combinations of citizens governed representatively ’ .

In the Western democracies of the late twentieth century the state has taken on an entirely different character from that which it had in the period of laissez-faire capitalism , or in earlier periods , when its functions were mainly confined to tax collecting , internal repression , and external conflict with other states ; now it is responsible in addition for the operation of a great range of public services as well as a general regulation of the whole economic system .
in the western democracies of the late twentieth century the state has taken on an entirely different character from that which it had in the period of laissez-faire capitalism , or in earlier periods , when its functions were mainly confined to tax collecting , internal repression , and external conflict with other states ; now it is responsible in addition for the operation of a great range of public services as well as a general [rule] of the whole economic system .

Looking back from the vantage point of the twentieth-century ‘ welfare state ’ we can also see , however , that every state , even when it has had a primarily repressive character , has also performed other necessary functions in the coordination and regulation of complex societies , especially through the development of a system of law , and in some cases — as with the Roman Empire — has had a generally civilizing influence .
looking back from the vantage point of the twentieth-century ‘ welfare state ’ we can also see , however , that every state , even when it has had a primarily repressive character , has also performed other necessary functions in the coordination and [rule] of complex societies , especially through the development of a system of law , and in some cases — as with the roman empire — has had a generally civilizing influence .

But there has also appeared , in the past decade , a strong reaction against collectivism , in the shape of opposition to what is seen as excessive regulation of social life by public bureaucracies , and this has been translated in some countries ( notably in Britain ) into policies of privatization of public enterprises and services , with consequences that have themselves given rise to fierce controversy .
but there has also appeared , in the past decade , a strong reaction against collectivism , in the shape of opposition to what is seen as excessive [rule] of social life by public bureaucracies , and this has been translated in some countries ( notably in britain ) into policies of privatization of public enterprises and services , with consequences that have themselves given rise to fierce controversy .

They might have set out to reform the planning system , giving greater independence to public enterprises , establishing more effective accounting and regulation of economic performance , and also enlarging the share of medium- and small-scale private enterprise in production , trade and services ; in short , to move gradually towards a system of market socialism or to a mixed economy in which public ownership and planning would still have a substantial place .
they might have set out to reform the planning system , giving greater independence to public enterprises , establishing more effective accounting and [rule] of economic performance , and also enlarging the share of medium- and small-scale private enterprise in production , trade and services ; in short , to move gradually towards a system of market socialism or to a mixed economy in which public ownership and planning would still have a substantial place .

Inevitably in this case there has been agreement on matters to do with regulation and standardisation ( the Capital Adequacy Directive ) , which though no doubt treated as a ‘ competition directive ’ is arguably restrictive of it .
inevitably in this case there has been agreement on matters to do with [rule] and standardisation ( the capital adequacy directive ) , which though no doubt treated as a ‘ competition directive ’ is arguably restrictive of it .

Indeed , the remaining debate between the British and other Member States on this matter now centres on the question of how much regulation ( or restriction on the freedom to trade ) there should be for banking services .
indeed , the remaining debate between the british and other member states on this matter now centres on the question of how much [rule] ( or restriction on the freedom to trade ) there should be for banking services .

The Air Services regulation agreed and signed by the Council of Transport Ministers in Luxembourg on 22 June 1992 was certainly clear in its intent : ‘ Whereas air fares should normally be determined freely by market forces … ’ it begins ; with respect to the question of access of competing airlines to particular routes , it continues , ‘ Whereas it is necessary to abolish restrictions concerning multiple designation … ’
the air services [rule] agreed and signed by the council of transport ministers in luxembourg on 22 june 1992 was certainly clear in its intent : ‘ whereas air fares should normally be determined freely by market forces … ’ it begins ; with respect to the question of access of competing airlines to particular routes , it continues , ‘ whereas it is necessary to abolish restrictions concerning multiple designation … ’

The only leeway occasionally permitted to Member States is the ability to choose the means and the pace of implementing a policy : a Commission Regulation is applicable in all Member States equally , while a Directive specifies the end , but leaves the Member States free to adopt the method .
the only leeway occasionally permitted to member states is the ability to choose the means and the pace of implementing a policy : a commission [rule] is applicable in all member states equally , while a directive specifies the end , but leaves the member states free to adopt the method .

In Chapter 9 we return to the issue of regulation and the Bank of England 's role within it .
in chapter 9 we return to the issue of [rule] and the bank of england 's role within it .

In this chapter we shall look at such topics as village planning and regulation , the origins of villages , polyfocal villages , and whether pre-village elements can be distinguished .
in this chapter we shall look at such topics as village planning and [rule] , the origins of villages , polyfocal villages , and whether pre-village elements can be distinguished .

Some element of planning and/or deliberate regulation is evident in many settlements , and so we must pay attention to regular croft and property arrangements and consistent front and rear property alignments .
some element of planning and/or deliberate [rule] is evident in many settlements , and so we must pay attention to regular croft and property arrangements and consistent front and rear property alignments .

As we shall see , such pasturage was increasingly valuable ( and hence subject to regulation ) and this was part of a general concern from the Middle Ages onwards with providing sufficient grass and fodder for animals all through the year .
as we shall see , such pasturage was increasingly valuable ( and hence subject to [rule] ) and this was part of a general concern from the middle ages onwards with providing sufficient grass and fodder for animals all through the year .

If the taxpayer is providing the infrastructure for roads , which includes the track , maintainance and regulation ( = signalling ) , then it seems only reasonable that we should be providing exactly the same for rail — and allowing operators to run trains just as coach operators run buses .
if the taxpayer is providing the infrastructure for roads , which includes the track , maintainance and [rule] ( = signalling ) , then it seems only reasonable that we should be providing exactly the same for rail — and allowing operators to run trains just as coach operators run buses .

The concerns of administration used to be the maintenance of law and regulation , the sustaining of working relationships with voluntary organizations and denominational bodies and the planning and maintenance of programmes across a range of responsibilities .
the concerns of administration used to be the maintenance of law and [rule] , the sustaining of working relationships with voluntary organizations and denominational bodies and the planning and maintenance of programmes across a range of responsibilities .

The benefits of changes in law and regulation were less obvious in the curriculum of secondary schools .
the benefits of changes in law and [rule] were less obvious in the curriculum of secondary schools .

Equal success in all six requires mastery by the head of the detailed requirements of those matters which are covered by regulation ( curriculum , assessment , staffing , finance , accountability ) and a well-formed , carefully agreed practical philosophy about social organization , the school 's values and its ethos .
equal success in all six requires mastery by the head of the detailed requirements of those matters which are covered by [rule] ( curriculum , assessment , staffing , finance , accountability ) and a well-formed , carefully agreed practical philosophy about social organization , the school 's values and its ethos .

The balance of modern thinking in risk assessment and regulation is therefore moving towards a combination of codes and standards with ‘ goal setting ’ .
the balance of modern thinking in risk assessment and [rule] is therefore moving towards a combination of codes and standards with ‘ goal setting ’ .

Public perception eventually results in regulation , in media treatment , in planning consents , and in government decisions affecting industry .
public perception eventually results in [rule] , in media treatment , in planning consents , and in government decisions affecting industry .

By the outbreak of the war the State had reorganised the railways into four companies where there had been 130 before ; nationally owned corporations had been created in broadcasting and air passenger transport ; a national grid for electricity supply had been created and a national supply industry organised ; agriculture had been rescued from the doldrums by regulation of its prices and quota systems ; while encouragement had been given to sometimes savage reductions of capacity in shipbuilding , textiles and mining .
by the outbreak of the war the state had reorganised the railways into four companies where there had been 130 before ; nationally owned corporations had been created in broadcasting and air passenger transport ; a national grid for electricity supply had been created and a national supply industry organised ; agriculture had been rescued from the doldrums by [rule] of its prices and quota systems ; while encouragement had been given to sometimes savage reductions of capacity in shipbuilding , textiles and mining .

mass unemployment was regulation of the level of effective demand for goods and services within the economy .
mass unemployment was [rule] of the level of effective demand for goods and services within the economy .

This could be done in several ways — taxation policy , consumer credits , direct regulation of investment — directed to the one end of stabilising demand .
this could be done in several ways — taxation policy , consumer credits , direct [rule] of investment — directed to the one end of stabilising demand .

The approach used analysis of national income data to quantify the regulation of demand , and when the statement turned from discussion of the transition to a peacetime economy it became a standard exposition of Keynesian policy prescriptions as interpreted by the academic economists in Whitehall .
the approach used analysis of national income data to quantify the [rule] of demand , and when the statement turned from discussion of the transition to a peacetime economy it became a standard exposition of keynesian policy prescriptions as interpreted by the academic economists in whitehall .

The main tool of policy was to be public spending , but work in Whitehall on schemes for the regulation of private investment and consumption was to continue .
the main tool of policy was to be public spending , but work in whitehall on schemes for the [rule] of private investment and consumption was to continue .

The need for a stable rate of investment to aid the planning of demand could be used to advocate the take-over of sections of the economy and the regulation of their spending .
the need for a stable rate of investment to aid the planning of demand could be used to advocate the take-over of sections of the economy and the [rule] of their spending .

In his veto message he stated that the legislation would have imposed `` unnecessary , burdensome , expensive , and constitutionally questionable federal regulation on the states in an area of traditional state authority . ``
in his veto message he stated that the legislation would have imposed `` unnecessary , burdensome , expensive , and constitutionally questionable federal [rule] on the states in an area of traditional state authority . ``

The agreement also granted unprecedented powers of self-government to the country 's 750,000 native Indian and Inuit inhabitants , including the right to raise taxes and to exercise direct regulation of their internal affairs .
the agreement also granted unprecedented powers of self-government to the country 's 750,000 native indian and inuit inhabitants , including the right to raise taxes and to exercise direct [rule] of their internal affairs .

The `` Amato law `` on the regulation of the banking sector , which had been passed by the Chamber of Deputies in March 1990 [ see p. 37509 ] , was approved by the Senate in July .
the `` amato law `` on the [rule] of the banking sector , which had been passed by the chamber of deputies in march 1990 [ see p. 37509 ] , was approved by the senate in july .

Entitled Main Directions for Stabilization of the National Economy and Transition to a Market Economy , the programme listed as conditions for creation of a market economy ( i ) " maximum freedom of economic activity " ; ( ii ) " full responsibility of organizations , entrepreneurs and workers for the results of their economic activities , based on the equality of all forms of property " ; ( iii ) competition between producers as a vital factor in stimulating economic activity , requiring an end to monopolies ; ( iv ) price freedom , based on supply and demand ; ( v ) " abandonment of direct state participation in economic activity ( with the exception of certain specific sectors ) " ; ( vi ) " extension of market relations to those spheres where they are more effective than administrative forms of regulation " ( continuing as " non-market sectors " would be defence , health , education , science and culture ) ; ( vii ) " an open economy and its progressive integration with the world economic system " ; and ( viii ) a state social security system .
entitled main directions for stabilization of the national economy and transition to a market economy , the programme listed as conditions for creation of a market economy ( i ) " maximum freedom of economic activity " ; ( ii ) " full responsibility of organizations , entrepreneurs and workers for the results of their economic activities , based on the equality of all forms of property " ; ( iii ) competition between producers as a vital factor in stimulating economic activity , requiring an end to monopolies ; ( iv ) price freedom , based on supply and demand ; ( v ) " abandonment of direct state participation in economic activity ( with the exception of certain specific sectors ) " ; ( vi ) " extension of market relations to those spheres where they are more effective than administrative forms of [rule] " ( continuing as " non-market sectors " would be defence , health , education , science and culture ) ; ( vii ) " an open economy and its progressive integration with the world economic system " ; and ( viii ) a state social security system .

They abolished 50 existing laws and 36 agencies involved in regulating foreign trade , to ( i ) lift all quotas on imports and exports ; ( ii ) end trade controls except those protecting health care , urban planning , competition policy and environmental protection ; ( iii ) phase out regulation on domestic production and prices ; ( iv ) allow employers to negotiate wages at company level rather than with national unions ; ( v ) abolish regulations covering labour contracts and business hours ; ( vi ) prevent professional bodies fixing fees nationally ; and ( vii ) phase out the controls of State Boards to regulate production and sale of such key products as beef , wine , sugar , cotton and tobacco .
they abolished 50 existing laws and 36 agencies involved in regulating foreign trade , to ( i ) lift all quotas on imports and exports ; ( ii ) end trade controls except those protecting health care , urban planning , competition policy and environmental protection ; ( iii ) phase out [rule] on domestic production and prices ; ( iv ) allow employers to negotiate wages at company level rather than with national unions ; ( v ) abolish regulations covering labour contracts and business hours ; ( vi ) prevent professional bodies fixing fees nationally ; and ( vii ) phase out the controls of state boards to regulate production and sale of such key products as beef , wine , sugar , cotton and tobacco .

The Bush administration had been enjoined from enforcing this regulation pending resolution of a court challenge , but the Supreme Court 's Rust v. Sullivan decision of May 23 , 1991 , had pronounced it constitutional .
the bush administration had been enjoined from enforcing this [rule] pending resolution of a court challenge , but the supreme court 's rust v. sullivan decision of may 23 , 1991 , had pronounced it constitutional .

On Sept. 17 , Yeltsin signed a decree on the state regulation of energy prices , intended to regulate the transition of Russia 's most important export from fixed to floating prices .
on sept. 17 , yeltsin signed a decree on the state [rule] of energy prices , intended to regulate the transition of russia 's most important export from fixed to floating prices .

Another new regulation stated that emergency lighting had to be provided in all public spaces and alleyways .
another new [rule] stated that emergency lighting had to be provided in all public spaces and alleyways .

On Dec. 22 the Ukrainian Cabinet of Ministers adopted a resolution on price regulation .
on dec. 22 the ukrainian cabinet of ministers adopted a resolution on price [rule] .

Speaking at a session of the Seimas ( parliament ) on Dec. 16 , Prime Minister Lubys announced that economic reform would continue `` with certain corrections `` , involving a return to price regulation on basic foodstuffs `` during the transitional period `` and a reassessment of the `` negative consequences `` of privatization .
speaking at a session of the seimas ( parliament ) on dec. 16 , prime minister lubys announced that economic reform would continue `` with certain corrections `` , involving a return to price [rule] on basic foodstuffs `` during the transitional period `` and a reassessment of the `` negative consequences `` of privatization .

This would be subject to strict regulation and only banks would have access to deposit insurance .
this would be subject to strict [rule] and only banks would have access to deposit insurance .

First , state planning and regulation of the economy inhibit its efficient operation by distorting market forces .
first , state planning and [rule] of the economy inhibit its efficient operation by distorting market forces .

Tighter regulation by Regional Health Authorities followed a much publicised role-playing exercise on contracting in the East Anglian Region known as the Rubber Windmill ( East Anglian RHA/Office for Public Management 1990 ) .
tighter [rule] by regional health authorities followed a much publicised role-playing exercise on contracting in the east anglian region known as the rubber windmill ( east anglian rha/office for public management 1990 ) .

The state provides `` the legal framework within which this all takes place , but is not otherwise concerned in the regulation … aspects of the private housing market `` ( p. 129 ) .
the state provides `` the legal framework within which this all takes place , but is not otherwise concerned in the [rule] … aspects of the private housing market `` ( p. 129 ) .

The social welfare regulation which is considered here … took shape during the first part of the twentieth century .
the social welfare [rule] which is considered here … took shape during the first part of the twentieth century .

Reformers who advocated social welfare regulation were motivated by ideals , but also by the desire to improve the productivity of the working class and to attract its support for particular political causes .
reformers who advocated social welfare [rule] were motivated by ideals , but also by the desire to improve the productivity of the working class and to attract its support for particular political causes .

The working class had little direct input into public health and housing reform , but with the growth of collective action , in particular through the trade unions , it made a more significant contribution to later regulation such as rent control … Opposition to the regulation considered here was to be expected from property owners … since it intruded on their interests not only directly , but also indirectly through the additional taxation necessary to finance its implementation .
the working class had little direct input into public health and housing reform , but with the growth of collective action , in particular through the trade unions , it made a more significant contribution to later [rule] such as rent control … opposition to the [rule] considered here was to be expected from property owners … since it intruded on their interests not only directly , but also indirectly through the additional taxation necessary to finance its implementation .

For so long there has been no regulation or regulatory body who can impose standards upon the canopy designer and manufacturer and , as a direct conslequence of this omission , the quality of both have varied from very high to ‘ good grief is that thing legal !
for so long there has been no [rule] or regulatory body who can impose standards upon the canopy designer and manufacturer and , as a direct conslequence of this omission , the quality of both have varied from very high to ‘ good grief is that thing legal !

Within this country there is no regulation relating to the standard of construction ( such as the National Fire Protection Association Code 96 as applied in America ) , but the use of a formed , folded and seam welded method of construction must always be considered as the only acceptable method of manufacturing a suitable product .
within this country there is no [rule] relating to the standard of construction ( such as the national fire protection association code 96 as applied in america ) , but the use of a formed , folded and seam welded method of construction must always be considered as the only acceptable method of manufacturing a suitable product .

managing director of Stellex Ltd , looks at the background of events leading up to mechanised food handling and addresses the need for regulation in the industry .
managing director of stellex ltd , looks at the background of events leading up to mechanised food handling and addresses the need for [rule] in the industry .

The information specified in regulation 1 above may be inspected by any person during office hours .
the information specified in [rule] 1 above may be inspected by any person during office hours .

An application under regulation 7 above shall be supported by a deed poll , statutory declaration or other document of like effect by the registered foreign lawyer providing evidence satisfactory to the Law Society of the change of name .
an application under [rule] 7 above shall be supported by a deed poll , statutory declaration or other document of like effect by the registered foreign lawyer providing evidence satisfactory to the law society of the change of name .

The general regulation of the Poor Law was the responsibility of the justices at quarter sessions , but under an act of 1691 individual justices sitting out of sessions could overrule the overseers on appeal and order relief to be given .
the general [rule] of the poor law was the responsibility of the justices at quarter sessions , but under an act of 1691 individual justices sitting out of sessions could overrule the overseers on appeal and order relief to be given .

These figures relate to 1778 when the knitters were seeking a parliamentary regulation of their wages to levels about a third higher , restoring earnings to the level of twenty years earlier before a long decline had set in .
these figures relate to 1778 when the knitters were seeking a parliamentary [rule] of their wages to levels about a third higher , restoring earnings to the level of twenty years earlier before a long decline had set in .

The 1989 regulations are similar to the 1987 regulations in several respects ; for example , it is the topography of a semiconductor which is protected being , by regulation 2 , a design which is either : ( a ) the pattern fixed , or intended to be fixed , in or upon ( i ) a layer of a semiconductor product , or ( ii ) a layer of material in the course of and for the purpose of the manufacture of a semiconductor product , or ( b ) the arrangement of the patterns fixed , or intended to be fixed , in or upon the layers of a semiconductor product in relation to one another .
the 1989 regulations are similar to the 1987 regulations in several respects ; for example , it is the topography of a semiconductor which is protected being , by [rule] 2 , a design which is either : ( a ) the pattern fixed , or intended to be fixed , in or upon ( i ) a layer of a semiconductor product , or ( ii ) a layer of material in the course of and for the purpose of the manufacture of a semiconductor product , or ( b ) the arrangement of the patterns fixed , or intended to be fixed , in or upon the layers of a semiconductor product in relation to one another .

By regulation 9 of the 1989 regulations , licences of right are not available in relation to semiconductors as they are with other designs ( such licences are normally available in the last five years of a design right ) .
by [rule] 9 of the 1989 regulations , licences of right are not available in relation to semiconductors as they are with other designs ( such licences are normally available in the last five years of a design right ) .

The Community has also established Sedoc ( Regulation 68/1612 ) , a European system of employment information exchange , but this remains inadequate and little used , with only 1000 job applications processed annually .
the community has also established sedoc ( [rule] 68/1612 ) , a european system of employment information exchange , but this remains inadequate and little used , with only 1000 job applications processed annually .

Both women wore the regulation thick Navy blue sailing sweaters , with a split half inch at the bottom of each side seam .
both women wore the [rule] thick navy blue sailing sweaters , with a split half inch at the bottom of each side seam .

" And how much anchor chain have you got ? The regulation fifteen fathoms ? All in good condition ? "
" and how much anchor chain have you got ? the [rule] fifteen fathoms ? all in good condition ? "

In view of the value placed upon health and survival universally , the health benefits of a few , well spaced children , when taught in the context of fertility regulation and wasteful reproductive patterns , represent a primary motive for family planning .
in view of the value placed upon health and survival universally , the health benefits of a few , well spaced children , when taught in the context of fertility [rule] and wasteful reproductive patterns , represent a primary motive for family planning .

The pervasiveness of these practices in the past and the desire for healthful spacing that remains among many peoples should be the principle upon which fertility regulation by modern means is introduced .
the pervasiveness of these practices in the past and the desire for healthful spacing that remains among many peoples should be the principle upon which fertility [rule] by modern means is introduced .

Yet , owing to the intervention of many factors , the deliberate regulation of fertility by other than traditional means ( i.e .
yet , owing to the intervention of many factors , the deliberate [rule] of fertility by other than traditional means ( i.e .

In societies that place a high value upon children and childbearing ( and in many others as well ) , women may not be able to determine independently when they will marry , whether and when they will use non-traditional means of birth regulation or how many children they will have .
in societies that place a high value upon children and childbearing ( and in many others as well ) , women may not be able to determine independently when they will marry , whether and when they will use non-traditional means of birth [rule] or how many children they will have .

In these circumstances , it is required that information about preferred reproductive patterns and the regulation of births should be provided to all who share in the decision-making processes .
in these circumstances , it is required that information about preferred reproductive patterns and the [rule] of births should be provided to all who share in the decision-making processes .

Regulation of enterocyte stem cells in vivo Gastrointestinal stem cells respond to environmental influences and the dyanmic equilibrium of the steady state may change .
[rule] of enterocyte stem cells in vivo gastrointestinal stem cells respond to environmental influences and the dyanmic equilibrium of the steady state may change .

Role of dietary sulphate in the regulation of methanogenesis in the human large intestine
role of dietary sulphate in the [rule] of methanogenesis in the human large intestine

They are the primary means by which cells regulate their internal pH and they also contribute importantly to regulation of cell volume and possibly , cell proliferation .
they are the primary means by which cells regulate their internal ph and they also contribute importantly to [rule] of cell volume and possibly , cell proliferation .

This approach offers the important advantage that the normal environment of the transporter is preserved and has provided evidence for regulation of acid-base transport systems by many hormones , neurotransmitters , and growth factors , acting via intracellular mediators .
this approach offers the important advantage that the normal environment of the transporter is preserved and has provided evidence for [rule] of acid-base transport systems by many hormones , neurotransmitters , and growth factors , acting via intracellular mediators .

( 1 ) regulation of intracellular pH ( pH i )
( 1 ) [rule] of intracellular ph ( ph i )

Intestinal acid-base transport systems may be subject to similar coordinated regulation .
intestinal acid-base transport systems may be subject to similar coordinated [rule] .

( 6 ) regulation of cell volume
( 6 ) [rule] of cell volume

( 7 ) regulation of cell proliferation
( 7 ) [rule] of cell proliferation

One of the most intriguing and controversial aspects of acid-base transport systems is their possible role in the regulation of cellular proliferation .
one of the most intriguing and controversial aspects of acid-base transport systems is their possible role in the [rule] of cellular proliferation .

They are subject to regulation by many neural , hormonal , and paracrine factors , acting via intracellular mediators .
they are subject to [rule] by many neural , hormonal , and paracrine factors , acting via intracellular mediators .

These distinctive properties may partly explain how acid-base transport systems can play several major physiological roles , including regulation of pH i and cell volume , transepithelial transport , and , perhaps , cell proliferation — roles which might at first seem mutually incompatible .
these distinctive properties may partly explain how acid-base transport systems can play several major physiological roles , including [rule] of ph i and cell volume , transepithelial transport , and , perhaps , cell proliferation — roles which might at first seem mutually incompatible .

The regulation of these factors is widely considered to be the way in which the small intestine adapts to nutritional demands .
the [rule] of these factors is widely considered to be the way in which the small intestine adapts to nutritional demands .

Regulation of gall bladder motility by the arginine-nitric oxide pathway in guinea pigs
[rule] of gall bladder motility by the arginine-nitric oxide pathway in guinea pigs

Many have a physiological role in the regulation of cell division and differentiation .
many have a physiological role in the [rule] of cell division and differentiation .

The development of a simple method of gall bladder cell culture from a readily accessble source will facilitate the study of several aspects of the gall bladder epithelial cell function and in particular the regulation of ion transport and hydrogen ion secretion , identification and cloning of the several antiport systems and channels operating on the cell membrane , regulation of mucin secretion and prostaglandin metabolism , and will enhance the understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms of gall bladder disorders .
the development of a simple method of gall bladder cell culture from a readily accessble source will facilitate the study of several aspects of the gall bladder epithelial cell function and in particular the [rule] of ion transport and hydrogen ion secretion , identification and cloning of the several antiport systems and channels operating on the cell membrane , [rule] of mucin secretion and prostaglandin metabolism , and will enhance the understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms of gall bladder disorders .

The difference in alteration between tissue type plasminogen activator antigen and activity , and urokinase type plasminogen activator antigen and activity in columnar epithelial carcinomas has been seen before in colonic neoplasia and is a consequence of the complex regulation mechanism of the activity of both proteases .
the difference in alteration between tissue type plasminogen activator antigen and activity , and urokinase type plasminogen activator antigen and activity in columnar epithelial carcinomas has been seen before in colonic neoplasia and is a consequence of the complex [rule] mechanism of the activity of both proteases .

Thus , divergence of antigen and activity levels of the plasminogen activators is the consequence of a complex regulation cascade of proenzyme activation , receptor binding , and inactivation by inhibitors .
thus , divergence of antigen and activity levels of the plasminogen activators is the consequence of a complex [rule] cascade of proenzyme activation , receptor binding , and inactivation by inhibitors .

Despite the fact that the liver has an extensive neural network , the importance of nervous regulation of hepatic function is poorly understood .
despite the fact that the liver has an extensive neural network , the importance of nervous [rule] of hepatic function is poorly understood .

Despite these and other reports the role of central neural regulation of hepatic secretory function remained poorly defined .
despite these and other reports the role of central neural [rule] of hepatic secretory function remained poorly defined .

The finding by Fritz and Brooks that vagotomy abolishes the choleretic response to feeding in cholecystectomised dogs suggests that , at least as regards the digestive function of bile , neural regulation of biliary secretion may be of greater functional importance than is generally acknowledged .
the finding by fritz and brooks that vagotomy abolishes the choleretic response to feeding in cholecystectomised dogs suggests that , at least as regards the digestive function of bile , neural [rule] of biliary secretion may be of greater functional importance than is generally acknowledged .

Another possibility is that the genetic regulation of the isotype response is different in the two populations of inflammatory bowel disease patients .
another possibility is that the genetic [rule] of the isotype response is different in the two populations of inflammatory bowel disease patients .

Recently several studies have emphasised the importance of serum glucose concentrations in the regulation of gastrointestinal function .
recently several studies have emphasised the importance of serum glucose concentrations in the [rule] of gastrointestinal function .

Involvement of endogenous opioids and their receptors in the regulation of colonic transit was proposed by Kreek but further investigation failed to confirm this .
involvement of endogenous opioids and their receptors in the [rule] of colonic transit was proposed by kreek but further investigation failed to confirm this .

An early neuropathy may be present without major disturbances such as orthostatic hypotension , impotence or urinary incontinence , but it may be enough to disturb the fine regulation of gut motility , causing slow transit constipation .
an early neuropathy may be present without major disturbances such as orthostatic hypotension , impotence or urinary incontinence , but it may be enough to disturb the fine [rule] of gut motility , causing slow transit constipation .

Sweat regulation has been used as a test of autonomic nervous system function in diabetics since 1942 .
sweat [rule] has been used as a test of autonomic nervous system function in diabetics since 1942 .

These developments were magnified by the changes to the regulation of banks in 1971 ( ‘ Competition and Credit Control ’ ) - .
these developments were magnified by the changes to the [rule] of banks in 1971 ( ‘ competition and credit control ’ ) - .

Although he is little known in Britain , Mr Ryder appears to be developing into an influential international figure in the regulation of nuclear safety .
although he is little known in britain , mr ryder appears to be developing into an influential international figure in the [rule] of nuclear safety .

Cites officials maintain that a complete ban will not work and suggest strengthening the present control system through a variety of measures : controls on worked ivory ; regulation of domestic manufacturing and retail industries ; the registration of dealers ; and greater trade analysis and monitoring .
cites officials maintain that a complete ban will not work and suggest strengthening the present control system through a variety of measures : controls on worked ivory ; [rule] of domestic manufacturing and retail industries ; the registration of dealers ; and greater trade analysis and monitoring .

With astonishing speed , in the era before regulation of new drugs , Lilly developed systems for extracting pork and beef insulin from slaughterhouse offal .
with astonishing speed , in the era before [rule] of new drugs , lilly developed systems for extracting pork and beef insulin from slaughterhouse offal .

What has happened in the past half century , apart from the advance of technology , has been the erection of a firm framework of regulation , the appearance of specific safety technologies , such as industrial hygiene , and the advance of the idea that safety can and must be managed .
what has happened in the past half century , apart from the advance of technology , has been the erection of a firm framework of [rule] , the appearance of specific safety technologies , such as industrial hygiene , and the advance of the idea that safety can and must be managed .

But the continuous scrutiny demanded and enforced by regulation of the high-risk cases and ( for nuclear reactors ) the designs of these installations are considerable forces on the side of safety .
but the continuous scrutiny demanded and enforced by [rule] of the high-risk cases and ( for nuclear reactors ) the designs of these installations are considerable forces on the side of safety .

But it takes resolute , technologically aware safety management and regulation to maintain them .
but it takes resolute , technologically aware safety management and [rule] to maintain them .

In serious hazard regulation , too , the stakes are high and the so-called ‘ human factor ’ in accident causation is an issue .
in serious hazard [rule] , too , the stakes are high and the so-called ‘ human factor ’ in accident causation is an issue .

Although the terms of the motion to be debated are supportive of government economic policy , a significant number of constituencies have criticised over-reliance on interest rates as an instrument of economic regulation .
although the terms of the motion to be debated are supportive of government economic policy , a significant number of constituencies have criticised over-reliance on interest rates as an instrument of economic [rule] .

To quote , ‘ The result — and this is the essential point — is that so far as regulation through allosteric interaction is concerned , everything is possible .
to quote , ‘ the result — and this is the essential point — is that so far as [rule] through allosteric interaction is concerned , everything is possible .

Széchenyi sponsored a great variety of projects , from the regulation of the Danube to the building of the Chain Bridge , and a general reform of the Hungarian economy .
széchenyi sponsored a great variety of projects , from the [rule] of the danube to the building of the chain bridge , and a general reform of the hungarian economy .

He justified the ‘ legal regulation of the problem ’ as the only way of heading off the likelihood of spontaneous ‘ defensive actions of the enraged population ’ , and claimed the German government had been compelled ‘ by the idea of being able , through a once and for all secular solution , of perhaps creating a basis on which the German people might possibly be able to find a tolerable relationship with the Jewish people ’ .
he justified the ‘ legal [rule] of the problem ’ as the only way of heading off the likelihood of spontaneous ‘ defensive actions of the enraged population ’ , and claimed the german government had been compelled ‘ by the idea of being able , through a once and for all secular solution , of perhaps creating a basis on which the german people might possibly be able to find a tolerable relationship with the jewish people ’ .

In Kufra , for example , Zuwaya cadres drew back from imposing the full rigours of socialist regulation on members of opposed Zuwaya groups ; but in Ajdabiya — closer to Tripoli , more heterogeneous because swollen by immigration — Magharba cadres did not refrain from threatening Zuwaya landlords with expropriation ( although by 1979 they had not put their threats into action ) .
in kufra , for example , zuwaya cadres drew back from imposing the full rigours of socialist [rule] on members of opposed zuwaya groups ; but in ajdabiya — closer to tripoli , more heterogeneous because swollen by immigration — magharba cadres did not refrain from threatening zuwaya landlords with expropriation ( although by 1979 they had not put their threats into action ) .

It is perhaps not appropriate to insist that Zuwaya , resisting government regulation , had an image of a different kind of economic order , consistent with or derived from their image of Arab government , and opposed to the principles of Islamic socialism .
it is perhaps not appropriate to insist that zuwaya , resisting government [rule] , had an image of a different kind of economic order , consistent with or derived from their image of arab government , and opposed to the principles of islamic socialism .

While Christians in Britain lapse , in Germany — home of bureaucracy and regulation — they formally notify the local authorities of their Austritt ( resignation ) .
while christians in britain lapse , in germany — home of bureaucracy and [rule] — they formally notify the local authorities of their austritt ( resignation ) .

The bank issues 85 p.c. of the colony 's banknotes and runs the local clearing house — roles which an official from the Bank of China recently said are incompatible with regulation from London .
the bank issues 85 p.c. of the colony 's banknotes and runs the local clearing house — roles which an official from the bank of china recently said are incompatible with [rule] from london .

But John Redwood , the brash corporate affairs minister tipped to transfer from Trade to Treasury , bringing regulation with him , has been shunted to the new Trade Secretary 's old environment department .
but john redwood , the brash corporate affairs minister tipped to transfer from trade to treasury , bringing [rule] with him , has been shunted to the new trade secretary 's old environment department .

Apart from the proposed blanket ban on tobacco advertising , which was ‘ a special case ’ , all similar regulation would increasingly be decided country by country , with no new restrictions planned , he added .
apart from the proposed blanket ban on tobacco advertising , which was ‘ a special case ’ , all similar [rule] would increasingly be decided country by country , with no new restrictions planned , he added .

State regulation and control ( like the domination of markets by government monopolies ) is wholly incompatible with the more free and equal society which socialists aim to build .
state [rule] and control ( like the domination of markets by government monopolies ) is wholly incompatible with the more free and equal society which socialists aim to build .

Heavy-handed regulation of European airlines has done nothing to ease congestion , only kept fares twice as high as those in America .
heavy-handed [rule] of european airlines has done nothing to ease congestion , only kept fares twice as high as those in america .

As a result , economists are much more interested than before in correcting inefficiencies by reducing the costs of doing business ; pursuing efficiency through cleverer and more ambitious regulation is definitely out of fashion .
as a result , economists are much more interested than before in correcting inefficiencies by reducing the costs of doing business ; pursuing efficiency through cleverer and more ambitious [rule] is definitely out of fashion .

Even here , however , Mr Coase and his colleagues have forced economists to think harder about how to use market forces to achieve green ends , rather than resort too quickly to the blunderbuss of regulation .
even here , however , mr coase and his colleagues have forced economists to think harder about how to use market forces to achieve green ends , rather than resort too quickly to the blunderbuss of [rule] .

For Locke , the regulation by reason of ‘ faith ’ , or ‘ belief ’ based on revelation , distinguishes it from the ‘ ungrounded fancies ’ , ‘ the conceits of a warmed and over-weening brain ’ , which are characteristic of ‘ enthusiasm ’ .
for locke , the [rule] by reason of ‘ faith ’ , or ‘ belief ’ based on revelation , distinguishes it from the ‘ ungrounded fancies ’ , ‘ the conceits of a warmed and over-weening brain ’ , which are characteristic of ‘ enthusiasm ’ .

He recommends more research , with ‘ the aim of creating a global system of biospheric regulation in the interest of human society ’ .
he recommends more research , with ‘ the aim of creating a global system of biospheric [rule] in the interest of human society ’ .

People want tougher environmental regulation — nationally and internationally .
people want tougher environmental [rule] — nationally and internationally .

Limiting carbon dioxide emissions depended not on regulation but on the aggregate decisions of millions of individuals remote from government , John Wakeham , the British Energy Secretary , told the World Energy Conference in Montreal in September 1989 .
limiting carbon dioxide emissions depended not on [rule] but on the aggregate decisions of millions of individuals remote from government , john wakeham , the british energy secretary , told the world energy conference in montreal in september 1989 .

His White House advisers are said to be worried that the Energy Department is still too keen on conservation and regulation .
his white house advisers are said to be worried that the energy department is still too keen on conservation and [rule] .

And Mr Bush 's economic advisers fear that any extra regulation could further damage an already weak economy .
and mr bush 's economic advisers fear that any extra [rule] could further damage an already weak economy .

But it is firmly against heavy-handed regulation , such as a sharp increase in mandatory fuel efficiency for cars .
but it is firmly against heavy-handed [rule] , such as a sharp increase in mandatory fuel efficiency for cars .

For 35 years , he says , he has had his feet abused by regulation army footwear that was always redesigned a little too late .
for 35 years , he says , he has had his feet abused by [rule] army footwear that was always redesigned a little too late .

The Bush administration is proud of the pioneering use of emissions-trading in the clean-air act , which it hopes will cut sulphur-dioxide output for just over half the cost of equivalent regulation .
the bush administration is proud of the pioneering use of emissions-trading in the clean-air act , which it hopes will cut sulphur-dioxide output for just over half the cost of equivalent [rule] .

Regulation .
[rule] .

Unable to justify the privatisation of a natural monopoly on familiar grounds such as competition and consumer choice , the government chose instead to emphasise regulation , boasting that privatisation would separate the provider from the regulator — or , to use a phrase much quoted by Mr Howard at the time , the gamekeeper from the poacher .
unable to justify the privatisation of a natural monopoly on familiar grounds such as competition and consumer choice , the government chose instead to emphasise [rule] , boasting that privatisation would separate the provider from the regulator — or , to use a phrase much quoted by mr howard at the time , the gamekeeper from the poacher .

Do free markets in finance and takeovers produce a healthier economy than those where regulation is tighter and shares are more closely held ?
do free markets in finance and takeovers produce a healthier economy than those where [rule] is tighter and shares are more closely held ?

Thomas Stanton 's courageous book is the first comprehensive study of these monsters , revealing their history , how they work today and how , with better regulation , they might escape a repeat of the $ 500 billion savings-and-loan fiasco .
thomas stanton 's courageous book is the first comprehensive study of these monsters , revealing their history , how they work today and how , with better [rule] , they might escape a repeat of the $ 500 billion savings-and-loan fiasco .

With no regulation of the industry , there is no way to police the cowboy end of the market , which the experts say is now well represented .
with no [rule] of the industry , there is no way to police the cowboy end of the market , which the experts say is now well represented .

She reiterated her view that humans could best be made to behave in an environmentally friendly way through the market , rather than regulation .
she reiterated her view that humans could best be made to behave in an environmentally friendly way through the market , rather than [rule] .

Heavy oak doors open into an impenetrable warren of bleak rooms painted in regulation Ministry of Works cream .
heavy oak doors open into an impenetrable warren of bleak rooms painted in [rule] ministry of works cream .

That remains his only fall , and it was more a case of a slip one stride after landing than a regulation fall .
that remains his only fall , and it was more a case of a slip one stride after landing than a [rule] fall .

The problem is partly the result of regulation that prevents betting shops being made attractive , lest they persuade anyone to go in .
the problem is partly the result of [rule] that prevents betting shops being made attractive , lest they persuade anyone to go in .

Government regulation or act or currency restriction
government [rule] or act or currency restriction

The cage does the regulation of the person continuously , impersonally , unobtrusively until it becomes to its occupant a part of the facts of life .
the cage does the [rule] of the person continuously , impersonally , unobtrusively until it becomes to its occupant a part of the facts of life .

We will strengthen the regulation of the utilities , enforce standards through our Consumer Protection Commission , and ensure prices are cut or other action taken where profits are excessive so that the customer gets a fair deal .
we will strengthen the [rule] of the utilities , enforce standards through our consumer protection commission , and ensure prices are cut or other action taken where profits are excessive so that the customer gets a fair deal .

Jean Piaget , in his profound yet often obscure work Biologie et connaissance ( 1967 ) , remarks that ‘ cognitive mechanisms constitute the actual organs of regulation during exchanges with the environment ’ and infers that some isomorphism between theories of biological and cognitive integration is inevitable .
jean piaget , in his profound yet often obscure work biologie et connaissance ( 1967 ) , remarks that ‘ cognitive mechanisms constitute the actual organs of [rule] during exchanges with the environment ’ and infers that some isomorphism between theories of biological and cognitive integration is inevitable .

Jean Piaget , in arguing that cognitive mechanisms constitute the actual organs of regulation during exchanges with the environment , emphasizes that the development of complexity arises through the assimilation of new functions on to older structures .
jean piaget , in arguing that cognitive mechanisms constitute the actual organs of [rule] during exchanges with the environment , emphasizes that the development of complexity arises through the assimilation of new functions on to older structures .

What would postpone recovery , and turn this promise of growth into the certainty of hard times , is the election of our opponents whose policies would mean higher taxes , higher inflation , higher interest rates , more bureaucratic regulation and more strikes .
what would postpone recovery , and turn this promise of growth into the certainty of hard times , is the election of our opponents whose policies would mean higher taxes , higher inflation , higher interest rates , more bureaucratic [rule] and more strikes .

We will examine ways in which the uniform scope of regulation could be eased to safeguard traditional local products or practices .
we will examine ways in which the uniform scope of [rule] could be eased to safeguard traditional local products or practices .

Government has reduced the burden of regulation and the need for central bureaucracy .
government has reduced the burden of [rule] and the need for central bureaucracy .

We will establish a review of the framework of law and regulation within which occupational schemes operate .
we will establish a review of the framework of law and [rule] within which occupational schemes operate .

We are committed to reducing the burden of regulation on business in general , and farming in particular .
we are committed to reducing the burden of [rule] on business in general , and farming in particular .

We will establish a new Environment Agency which will bring together the functions of the National Rivers Authority , Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Pollution and the waste regulation functions of local authorities .
we will establish a new environment agency which will bring together the functions of the national rivers authority , her majesty 's inspectorate of pollution and the waste [rule] functions of local authorities .

Another example , with an all too frequent tragic outcome , is shown by temperature regulation .
another example , with an all too frequent tragic outcome , is shown by temperature [rule] .

Under the legislation , managers of catering establishments could be held personally responsible for each breach of the regulation and each penalty could mean fines of between £2,000 and £20,000 .
under the legislation , managers of catering establishments could be held personally responsible for each breach of the [rule] and each penalty could mean fines of between £2,000 and £20,000 .

David Curry , Parliamentary Secretary at the Ministry of Agriculture , Fisheries & Food , concluded that the balance of opinion was against the regulation and significant amendments would have to be made to the proposal to make it acceptable .
david curry , parliamentary secretary at the ministry of agriculture , fisheries & food , concluded that the balance of opinion was against the [rule] and significant amendments would have to be made to the proposal to make it acceptable .

The spindle , projecting upwards from the centre of the bed stone , was at first fixed to carry the runner stone a little above the bed stone , but later the elevation of the spindle could be altered to allow regulation of the gap between the stones and so control the fineness of the meal .
the spindle , projecting upwards from the centre of the bed stone , was at first fixed to carry the runner stone a little above the bed stone , but later the elevation of the spindle could be altered to allow [rule] of the gap between the stones and so control the fineness of the meal .

’ Planning was a form of regulation to enhance quality of life .
’ planning was a form of [rule] to enhance quality of life .

Margaret Thatcher has allowed her ministers — notably Mr Patten — to speak of intervention and regulation again .
margaret thatcher has allowed her ministers — notably mr patten — to speak of intervention and [rule] again .

As a human variant on such running — or lumbering — gags , there is Wally , a farcically uncooperative caretaker who puts in a regulation grumpy appearance in each of the play 's four scenes in order to enunciate his catchphrase , ‘ Nothing to do with me ’ .
as a human variant on such running — or lumbering — gags , there is wally , a farcically uncooperative caretaker who puts in a [rule] grumpy appearance in each of the play 's four scenes in order to enunciate his catchphrase , ‘ nothing to do with me ’ .

It will move the Government away from its emphasis on unfettered market forces , towards the need for intervention and regulation to protect people 's quality of life .
it will move the government away from its emphasis on unfettered market forces , towards the need for intervention and [rule] to protect people 's quality of life .

The main shift , however , is in the new emphasis the White Paper is bound to place on intervention and regulation , words that have been regarded as mostly unpalatable in Tory conference debates over the past decade .
the main shift , however , is in the new emphasis the white paper is bound to place on intervention and [rule] , words that have been regarded as mostly unpalatable in tory conference debates over the past decade .

These people will help you prepare plans , obtain building regulation approval , planning permission if needed find and supervise a builder .
these people will help you prepare plans , obtain building [rule] approval , planning permission if needed find and supervise a builder .

That the local priests continued to play a significant part in the regulation of local sexual morality from the beginning of the state is shown by accounts of ‘ boy meets girl ’ from the 1920s .
that the local priests continued to play a significant part in the [rule] of local sexual morality from the beginning of the state is shown by accounts of ‘ boy meets girl ’ from the 1920s .

As a result of this all pervading desire for reticence it is possible to suggest that the presentation of research papers in seminars , the creation of an undirected thesis , not to mention the production of a book , could easily have placed me in breach of Regulation 6 , which outlines the disciplinary offence of
as a result of this all pervading desire for reticence it is possible to suggest that the presentation of research papers in seminars , the creation of an undirected thesis , not to mention the production of a book , could easily have placed me in breach of [rule] 6 , which outlines the disciplinary offence of

They stand , men and boys of all ages , come rain , come shine , oblivious of the seasons , clad in the regulation uniform of their breed — the anorak — with Thermos flask of coffee , spam sandwiches , bulging notebooks , and a well-thumbed Ian Allan Guide , the Bible of their cult .
they stand , men and boys of all ages , come rain , come shine , oblivious of the seasons , clad in the [rule] uniform of their breed — the anorak — with thermos flask of coffee , spam sandwiches , bulging notebooks , and a well-thumbed ian allan guide , the bible of their cult .

When electrical stimulation was used instead of drugs , and was properly managed , regulation of the ‘ dose ’ was easier .
when electrical stimulation was used instead of drugs , and was properly managed , [rule] of the ‘ dose ’ was easier .

It would be nice to see this regulation enforced in all countries by the individual Rottweiler Clubs .
it would be nice to see this [rule] enforced in all countries by the individual rottweiler clubs .

Searing heat during the day and bitter cold at night had to be contended with , and thus regulation dress went by the board .
searing heat during the day and bitter cold at night had to be contended with , and thus [rule] dress went by the board .

On December 17 1987 a notice under regulation 7 of the Police ( Discipline ) Regulations 1985 was served in general on the officers under investigation .
on december 17 1987 a notice under [rule] 7 of the police ( discipline ) regulations 1985 was served in general on the officers under investigation .

In Mr Cherry 's case Mr Lawson submitted that the decision to postpone service of a specific regulation 7 notice was mistaken and contrary to Home Office guidance , particularly when a criminal offence was involved .
in mr cherry 's case mr lawson submitted that the decision to postpone service of a specific [rule] 7 notice was mistaken and contrary to home office guidance , particularly when a criminal offence was involved .

In short , professional regulation for a rough trade aspiring to become a profession ( with the professional responsibilities invoked above ) .
in short , professional [rule] for a rough trade aspiring to become a profession ( with the professional responsibilities invoked above ) .

Waste : Tighter controls on dealing with waste are proposed with regulation carefully separated from those involved in waste disposal .
waste : tighter controls on dealing with waste are proposed with [rule] carefully separated from those involved in waste disposal .

Waste regulation authorities will be more closely scrutinised by the inspectorate and councils will have to plan for recycling , for which they will also be given wider powers .
waste [rule] authorities will be more closely scrutinised by the inspectorate and councils will have to plan for recycling , for which they will also be given wider powers .

The information will be used to support British contributions to international programmes on the assessment of hazardous chemicals , including a proposed European Community regulation .
the information will be used to support british contributions to international programmes on the assessment of hazardous chemicals , including a proposed european community [rule] .

The bill contains a host of other pollution measures including long-awaited improvements to waste regulation , increased powers for local authorities to control air pollution , updating of radioactive waste regulatuions , new measures on recycling , litter and dog mess .
the bill contains a host of other pollution measures including long-awaited improvements to waste [rule] , increased powers for local authorities to control air pollution , updating of radioactive waste regulatuions , new measures on recycling , litter and dog mess .

Finlay had recommended four alternatives : full internationalization , a European plus dependencies system , an Empire only system , or international regulation .
finlay had recommended four alternatives : full internationalization , a european plus dependencies system , an empire only system , or international [rule] .

But not so ( we are told ) : Conservative advocates of tariffs and social reforms like old age pensions , wages councils , regulation of sweated trades were , Fforde argues , simply engaged in ‘ principled opportunism ’ ; this was ‘ not Collectivist Conservatism but expedient Conservatism ’ , and to see it as otherwise would be to allow oneself to be ‘ misled by manufactured appearances ' or what Fforde describes elsewhere as the gap between ‘ professed stance and true intention ’ .
but not so ( we are told ) : conservative advocates of tariffs and social reforms like old age pensions , wages councils , [rule] of sweated trades were , fforde argues , simply engaged in ‘ principled opportunism ’ ; this was ‘ not collectivist conservatism but expedient conservatism ’ , and to see it as otherwise would be to allow oneself to be ‘ misled by manufactured appearances ' or what fforde describes elsewhere as the gap between ‘ professed stance and true intention ’ .

Parents who questioned what appears to be an unwritten regulation have been told in each case that they are the only ones not co-operating … Edward Bailey commented ‘ There is no rule against girls ’ wearing trousers and anyone who says there is is guilty of libel .
parents who questioned what appears to be an unwritten [rule] have been told in each case that they are the only ones not co-operating … edward bailey commented ‘ there is no rule against girls ’ wearing trousers and anyone who says there is is guilty of libel .

As the game became more popular in the 1880s lack of regulation enabled the best footballers to play clubs off against one another and bid up their own wages .
as the game became more popular in the 1880s lack of [rule] enabled the best footballers to play clubs off against one another and bid up their own wages .

There seems little doubt that the richest clubs went on evading the maximum wage regulation .
there seems little doubt that the richest clubs went on evading the maximum wage [rule] .

However , Rhys firmly believes that some regulation on the use of large cars would be prudent through increased petrol duty .
however , rhys firmly believes that some [rule] on the use of large cars would be prudent through increased petrol duty .

Critics on the left claim that the police and education services have become part of the strategy of state control and regulation .
critics on the left claim that the police and education services have become part of the strategy of state control and [rule] .

Not only did prostitutes frequent the theatre , but the street transvestite was sometimes associated with prostitution and possibly sodomy : Henriques notes a regulation dating from 1480 forbidding prostitutes to dress as men in public , and remarks : ‘ This masquerading presumably would have meant an added inducement to sodomy ’ ( Prostitution and Society , ii .
not only did prostitutes frequent the theatre , but the street transvestite was sometimes associated with prostitution and possibly sodomy : henriques notes a [rule] dating from 1480 forbidding prostitutes to dress as men in public , and remarks : ‘ this masquerading presumably would have meant an added inducement to sodomy ’ ( prostitution and society , ii .

As for the colonial context , Homi Bhabha argues that here mimicry is both a strategy of colonial subjection — an appropriation , regulation , and reform of the other — and , potentially , a way of menacing colonial discourse in and through an inappropriate imitation by the native , one which reveals the normative structure of colonial control .
as for the colonial context , homi bhabha argues that here mimicry is both a strategy of colonial subjection — an appropriation , [rule] , and reform of the other — and , potentially , a way of menacing colonial discourse in and through an inappropriate imitation by the native , one which reveals the normative structure of colonial control .

The Royal Commission on the Press ( 1977 ) wanted to ‘ transplant the public service rationale of broadcasting to the press , but was opposed to the framework of public regulation that underpins it ’ ( Curran and Seaton , 1985 , p. 297 ) .
the royal commission on the press ( 1977 ) wanted to ‘ transplant the public service rationale of broadcasting to the press , but was opposed to the framework of public [rule] that underpins it ’ ( curran and seaton , 1985 , p. 297 ) .

Libertarians such as Samuel Brittan ( 1987 ) argue that regulation is no different from censorship .
libertarians such as samuel brittan ( 1987 ) argue that [rule] is no different from censorship .

One solution would be to extend regulation to the press to ensure the same kind of impartiality as on television .
one solution would be to extend [rule] to the press to ensure the same kind of impartiality as on television .

‘ The charter will potentially have a very large impact on small firms because it is about more regulation . ’
‘ the charter will potentially have a very large impact on small firms because it is about more [rule] . ’

More significantly , he redefined socialism as a marriage of ‘ necessary regulation and the dynamic of the market ’ .
more significantly , he redefined socialism as a marriage of ‘ necessary [rule] and the dynamic of the market ’ .

Jackson agreed , saying that a regulation only gave the illusion of application and that a directive ‘ gives national flexibility which is very necessary ’ .
jackson agreed , saying that a [rule] only gave the illusion of application and that a directive ‘ gives national flexibility which is very necessary ’ .

The government is in the process of producing extra guidelines on waste management proposals and the creation of a new national environment agency might mean a shift of responsibility for waste regulation functions .
the government is in the process of producing extra guidelines on waste management proposals and the creation of a new national environment agency might mean a shift of responsibility for waste [rule] functions .

The need for some form of state regulation to mitigate the worst consequences of economic and social arrangements is accepted ; for example , income distribution policies aim to reduce poverty rather than to achieve equality .
the need for some form of state [rule] to mitigate the worst consequences of economic and social arrangements is accepted ; for example , income distribution policies aim to reduce poverty rather than to achieve equality .

Since the total volume of bank credit is restricted by federal government regulation , and the real rate of interest on bank loans has almost always been negative , and since , in any case , socially owned enterprises are not too worried about their level of indebtedness , there is an enormous excess demand for credits .
since the total volume of bank credit is restricted by federal government [rule] , and the real rate of interest on bank loans has almost always been negative , and since , in any case , socially owned enterprises are not too worried about their level of indebtedness , there is an enormous excess demand for credits .

In Slow Motion , that clear-sighted optimism is brought to bear on the advances made in men 's individual attitudes and behaviour , as well as state regulation and definitions of gender positions and possibilities .
in slow motion , that clear-sighted optimism is brought to bear on the advances made in men 's individual attitudes and behaviour , as well as state [rule] and definitions of gender positions and possibilities .

In Miami , the best Cleveland could do after the regulation 60 minutes was a 10-10 tie .
in miami , the best cleveland could do after the [rule] 60 minutes was a 10-10 tie .

‘ Planning , ’ he later added , ‘ is a form of regulation to enhance the quality of life .
‘ planning , ’ he later added , ‘ is a form of [rule] to enhance the quality of life .

Regulation is a nasty continental vice , what the European Commission does , what makes Jacques Delors run .
[rule] is a nasty continental vice , what the european commission does , what makes jacques delors run .

The regulation and growth of cells was much more complicated than originally believed , and so far more than 40 different types of oncogenes have been discovered in experiments using retroviruses , said the assembly citation .
the [rule] and growth of cells was much more complicated than originally believed , and so far more than 40 different types of oncogenes have been discovered in experiments using retroviruses , said the assembly citation .

For the delegates to the 15th meeting of parties to the Antarctic Treaty , the main topic of discussion over the next 10 days will be the status of an agreement — the Convention on the Regulation of Antarctic Mineral Resource Activities — which collapsed in the summer after the French and Australian governments decided , in consultation with each other , to withdraw their support .
for the delegates to the 15th meeting of parties to the antarctic treaty , the main topic of discussion over the next 10 days will be the status of an agreement — the convention on the [rule] of antarctic mineral resource activities — which collapsed in the summer after the french and australian governments decided , in consultation with each other , to withdraw their support .

He was buried under subversive literature between the Gardening Society ( whose president sat framed by snaps of himself communing with plants ) and the Women 's Group , unhappily eyeing the occupant of the Rocky Horror Society stand , who , dressed in regulation suspenders and holed stockings , was doing roaring business .
he was buried under subversive literature between the gardening society ( whose president sat framed by snaps of himself communing with plants ) and the women 's group , unhappily eyeing the occupant of the rocky horror society stand , who , dressed in [rule] suspenders and holed stockings , was doing roaring business .

We as organisers of all-night dancing parties would welcome the reasonable regulation of parties .
we as organisers of all-night dancing parties would welcome the reasonable [rule] of parties .

Injuries and deaths at work are a significant and reducible source of danger to the citizen , and the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 provides the framework for the regulation of safety in work-places with an offence of failing to ensure that , ‘ so far as is reasonably practicable ’ , employees are not exposed to risks to their health or safety .
injuries and deaths at work are a significant and reducible source of danger to the citizen , and the health and safety at work act 1974 provides the framework for the [rule] of safety in work-places with an offence of failing to ensure that , ‘ so far as is reasonably practicable ’ , employees are not exposed to risks to their health or safety .

Things , however , came to a head one day when a veterinary surgeon on his rounds , in a regulation Volvo estate , was alarmed to see Noddy tearing towards him on the wrong side of the road , in hot pursuit of a Transit van . The vet was forced into an unscheduled arrival at 50 miles-an-hour into a nearby farm-yard , much to the surprise of a herd of Jerseys ambling their way to the milking parlour !
things , however , came to a head one day when a veterinary surgeon on his rounds , in a [rule] volvo estate , was alarmed to see noddy tearing towards him on the wrong side of the road , in hot pursuit of a transit van . the vet was forced into an unscheduled arrival at 50 miles-an-hour into a nearby farm-yard , much to the surprise of a herd of jerseys ambling their way to the milking parlour !

That , not economic meddling , should be the function of government regulation .
that , not economic meddling , should be the function of government [rule] .

Dot was n't allowed into Mrs Parvis 's kitchen except at the regulation meal-times and she was n't sure about how food was prepared , but she was pretty certain that when Mrs Parvis cooked what was called a nice egg-dish , it was made from an orange coloured powder spooned up from a deep cylindrical tin .
dot was n't allowed into mrs parvis 's kitchen except at the [rule] meal-times and she was n't sure about how food was prepared , but she was pretty certain that when mrs parvis cooked what was called a nice egg-dish , it was made from an orange coloured powder spooned up from a deep cylindrical tin .

The blood of childbirth and menstruation , which follows a passive and unstoppable cycle , can be construed ( by the powers that be ) to fall within this category , and so it is required that cultural regulation step in with restrictive legislation .
the blood of childbirth and menstruation , which follows a passive and unstoppable cycle , can be construed ( by the powers that be ) to fall within this category , and so it is required that cultural [rule] step in with restrictive legislation .

That cultural regulation , as we have seen , is controlled by men , for ( and this brings me to the third point ) , within this scheme of thought , woman herself is placed more fully within the realm of nature than man in consequence of the fact that more of her time and her body are seen to be taken up with the natural processes surrounding reproduction of the species .
that cultural [rule] , as we have seen , is controlled by men , for ( and this brings me to the third point ) , within this scheme of thought , woman herself is placed more fully within the realm of nature than man in consequence of the fact that more of her time and her body are seen to be taken up with the natural processes surrounding reproduction of the species .

Trees evenly spaced , at regulation height , and all plumb vertical , must be avoided like the plague .
trees evenly spaced , at [rule] height , and all plumb vertical , must be avoided like the plague .

If one photographed the boat with the sun behind one , as regulation photography requires , the film would record a white haze of boat , and contrast into darkness the less intensely lighted surrounds .
if one photographed the boat with the sun behind one , as [rule] photography requires , the film would record a white haze of boat , and contrast into darkness the less intensely lighted surrounds .

Types of regulation
types of [rule]

In particular , legal regulation has traditionally covered the definition of an architect , while self-regulation , through a professional body , has focused on practice — for example , fees , forms of advertising and nature of organisation .
in particular , legal [rule] has traditionally covered the definition of an architect , while self-regulation , through a professional body , has focused on practice — for example , fees , forms of advertising and nature of organisation .

The final area of regulation concerns the form of organisation through which architects may offer their services .
the final area of [rule] concerns the form of organisation through which architects may offer their services .

They wear the grey regulation jerseys common throughout Peru and carry small shoulder-satchels .
they wear the grey [rule] jerseys common throughout peru and carry small shoulder-satchels .

There has been increased regulation of peaceful demonstrations since the Public Order Act 1986 and judicial decisions in cases involving picketing during the miners ' strike of 1984–5 , and increased police powers of detention without charge since the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 .
there has been increased [rule] of peaceful demonstrations since the public order act 1986 and judicial decisions in cases involving picketing during the miners ' strike of 1984–5 , and increased police powers of detention without charge since the police and criminal evidence act 1984 .

Three putts took him back to par , continuing the story of his first round in which he hit 16 greens in regulation but missed seven putts inside 8ft .
three putts took him back to par , continuing the story of his first round in which he hit 16 greens in [rule] but missed seven putts inside 8ft .

Spreadbury , on his first trip to the Cathay Pacific Hong Kong Bank-sponsored tournament , was the subject of an official protest after he inadvertently allowed the first half of a quarter-final match to overrun by 1½ minutes — a long way beyond the regulation seven minutes .
spreadbury , on his first trip to the cathay pacific hong kong bank-sponsored tournament , was the subject of an official protest after he inadvertently allowed the first half of a quarter-final match to overrun by 1½ minutes — a long way beyond the [rule] seven minutes .

He could not remember ever having hit every green in regulation or better .
he could not remember ever having hit every green in [rule] or better .

Housing — regulation of estate agents
housing — [rule] of estate agents

It was originally proposed that Supplementary Benefit and National Assistance would be removed from the provisions of Regulation 72 of the Social Security ( Adjudication ) Regulations .
it was originally proposed that supplementary benefit and national assistance would be removed from the provisions of [rule] 72 of the social security ( adjudication ) regulations .

( Under Regulation 72 , unlimited backdating can be made in cases of official error ) .
( under [rule] 72 , unlimited backdating can be made in cases of official error ) .

The Housing Benefit and Community Charge Benefits ( miscellaneous ) amendment regulation 1991 .
the housing benefit and community charge benefits ( miscellaneous ) amendment [rule] 1991 .

They should also be given permission to issue some form of fixed interest profit-related bond , be allowed to raise a proportion of their equity direct from the public and be subject to independent regulation similar to that of privatised utilities .
they should also be given permission to issue some form of fixed interest profit-related bond , be allowed to raise a proportion of their equity direct from the public and be subject to independent [rule] similar to that of privatised utilities .

Good control of the condition is vital and this is achieved through a combination of insulin injections , diet regulation , control of exercise and careful monitoring of the condition — in other words , a regular routine .
good control of the condition is vital and this is achieved through a combination of insulin injections , diet [rule] , control of exercise and careful monitoring of the condition — in other words , a regular routine .

To take another example : Hong Kong 's banks were rotten for lack of regulation five years ago , when a series of collapses frightened the government into spending billions of dollars of public money on rescues .
to take another example : hong kong 's banks were rotten for lack of [rule] five years ago , when a series of collapses frightened the government into spending billions of dollars of public money on rescues .

Proper regulation of banks , together with the generally lower interest rates made possible by a stable currency , also reduced worries about the property market .
proper [rule] of banks , together with the generally lower interest rates made possible by a stable currency , also reduced worries about the property market .

Mr Gould promised the party would restore ‘ the great utilities ’ to public ownership and insist on higher standards of regulation than those which had prevailed under the Conservatives .
mr gould promised the party would restore ‘ the great utilities ’ to public ownership and insist on higher standards of [rule] than those which had prevailed under the conservatives .

Mottashed , the regulation fireman , is one of four players Williams brought from Gosport .
mottashed , the [rule] fireman , is one of four players williams brought from gosport .

Mottashed , the regulation fireman , is one of four players Williams brought from Gosport .
mottashed , the [rule] fireman , is one of four players williams brought from gosport .

There is now a serious possibility that this bastardised version of self-regulation will gradually crumble away , under the combined assault of Brussels , European preferences for statutory regulation and the sheer impossibility of resolving the underlying tension between practitioners and investors .
there is now a serious possibility that this bastardised version of self-regulation will gradually crumble away , under the combined assault of brussels , european preferences for statutory [rule] and the sheer impossibility of resolving the underlying tension between practitioners and investors .

The savings and loan saga provides a startling illustration of how badly matters can go wrong when institutions are cut loose from regulation without proper supervision .
the savings and loan saga provides a startling illustration of how badly matters can go wrong when institutions are cut loose from [rule] without proper supervision .

In short , professional regulation for a rough trade aspiring to become a profession ( with the professional responsibilities invoked above ) .
in short , professional [rule] for a rough trade aspiring to become a profession ( with the professional responsibilities invoked above ) .

Mr Tony Hearn , general secretary of the Broadcasting and Entertaining Trades Alliance , warned that the introduction of greater competition and less regulation would lead to a ‘ terminal decline in programme quality and diversity ’ .
mr tony hearn , general secretary of the broadcasting and entertaining trades alliance , warned that the introduction of greater competition and less [rule] would lead to a ‘ terminal decline in programme quality and diversity ’ .

‘ Curricular record ’ is defined as a formal record of a pupil 's academic achievements , his other skills and abilities and his progress in school ( Regulation 4 ) .
‘ curricular record ’ is defined as a formal record of a pupil 's academic achievements , his other skills and abilities and his progress in school ( [rule] 4 ) .

These are not part of the formal record ( Regulation 7 ( 2 ) ) .
these are not part of the formal record ( [rule] 7 ( 2 ) ) .

If necessary the head must take steps to enable the parent to understand the Regulation .
if necessary the head must take steps to enable the parent to understand the [rule] .

Part of this new regulation has involved a shift towards central rather than local control .
part of this new [rule] has involved a shift towards central rather than local control .

Before examining the legal structure of the National Curriculum , it is important to identify the other areas of curricular regulation in the Education Reform Act .
before examining the legal structure of the national curriculum , it is important to identify the other areas of curricular [rule] in the education reform act .

First , the Secretary of State has a power , in section 17 , to provide , by regulation , that the National Curriculum shall not apply , or shall apply in a modified form , in cases or circumstances which may be specified .
first , the secretary of state has a power , in section 17 , to provide , by [rule] , that the national curriculum shall not apply , or shall apply in a modified form , in cases or circumstances which may be specified .

Adjusting to regulation
adjusting to [rule]

In any event , it may be asked whether all this regulation is necessary or desirable ? In the United States , academics have for some years been engaging in what has been termed the ‘ deregulation critique ’ of the federal role in education . The ‘ deregulation ’ thesis has been described by Clune thus :
in any event , it may be asked whether all this [rule] is necessary or desirable ? in the united states , academics have for some years been engaging in what has been termed the ‘ deregulation critique ’ of the federal role in education . the ‘ deregulation ’ thesis has been described by clune thus :

There are arguments in both directions where regulation is concerned .
there are arguments in both directions where [rule] is concerned .

Legal regulation tends to create administrative burdens , resentment and loss of self-esteem through the undermining of professional autonomy .
legal [rule] tends to create administrative burdens , resentment and loss of self-esteem through the undermining of professional autonomy .

But proponents of the ‘ deregulation critique ’ might well question the degree of regulation which has been imposed .
but proponents of the ‘ deregulation critique ’ might well question the degree of [rule] which has been imposed .

Whatever the arguments , teachers face a challenging period of adjustment — not just to the procedural formalities of the National Curriculum and its prescriptive content , but also to the psychology of regulation .
whatever the arguments , teachers face a challenging period of adjustment — not just to the procedural formalities of the national curriculum and its prescriptive content , but also to the psychology of [rule] .

Since the main argument for authority depends on such factors it is impossible to generalize and indicate an area of government regulation which is better left to individuals .
since the main argument for authority depends on such factors it is impossible to generalize and indicate an area of government [rule] which is better left to individuals .

But no planning regulation may be passed , no law affecting the education of the young or the use of the highway , and so on , which will make it easier to realize one conception of the good or more difficult to pursue another .
but no planning [rule] may be passed , no law affecting the education of the young or the use of the highway , and so on , which will make it easier to realize one conception of the good or more difficult to pursue another .

Mass education , a popular press for the much larger literate audiences , extensions of the suffrage , the increasing political influence of trade unions and social democratic parties ( with resulting public regulation of social and working conditions , health and safety ) , all drew the working classes into the mainstream of national life .
mass education , a popular press for the much larger literate audiences , extensions of the suffrage , the increasing political influence of trade unions and social democratic parties ( with resulting public [rule] of social and working conditions , health and safety ) , all drew the working classes into the mainstream of national life .

It 's not as if the regulation colours are practical .
it 's not as if the [rule] colours are practical .

Peter was as steady as a rock , keeping the ball on the fairway and hitting nearly every green in regulation .
peter was as steady as a rock , keeping the ball on the fairway and hitting nearly every green in [rule] .

But now we see that even the absence of law is no guarantee against the possibility of retrospective regulation .
but now we see that even the absence of law is no guarantee against the possibility of retrospective [rule] .

The first of these conditions ( which in some respects contrast sharply with the regulation in Britain before 1985 ) was that there had to be factual grounds to suspect a person of having committed a crime contrary to the security of the state .
the first of these conditions ( which in some respects contrast sharply with the [rule] in britain before 1985 ) was that there had to be factual grounds to suspect a person of having committed a crime contrary to the security of the state .

That was just the opposite of Roux 's result and was the first clear demonstration of the process known as regulation : the ability of the embryo to develop normally even when some portions are removed or rearranged .
that was just the opposite of roux 's result and was the first clear demonstration of the process known as [rule] : the ability of the embryo to develop normally even when some portions are removed or rearranged .

Driesch provided further examples of regulation , for , even at the four-cell stage each cell could develop into a perfectly normal embryo .
driesch provided further examples of [rule] , for , even at the four-cell stage each cell could develop into a perfectly normal embryo .

Even though Driesch was wrong in assigning limitless regulative properties to the early sea-urchin embryo , he did demonstrate that the embryo had a remarkable capacity for regulation .
even though driesch was wrong in assigning limitless regulative properties to the early sea-urchin embryo , he did demonstrate that the embryo had a remarkable capacity for [rule] .

It is a fundamental belief of developmental biologists that the regulatory processes , just discussed , are central to how the pattern is established in normal development , and are not just a bizarre result of experimental interference . But does regulation continue throughout development , or is it just a property of the early embryo ?
it is a fundamental belief of developmental biologists that the regulatory processes , just discussed , are central to how the pattern is established in normal development , and are not just a bizarre result of experimental interference . but does [rule] continue throughout development , or is it just a property of the early embryo ?

This is just another example of regulation but it also shows that in the early frog embryo the fate of the parts is not fixed .
this is just another example of [rule] but it also shows that in the early frog embryo the fate of the parts is not fixed .

It is worth considering the French model since , with the introduction of the national core curriculum , there will be far less time in the school day to devote to non-specialist teaching ; and with the new terms and conditions for teachers there may well be many who will want a strict regulation on the number of hours ' work they will put in each day .
it is worth considering the french model since , with the introduction of the national core curriculum , there will be far less time in the school day to devote to non-specialist teaching ; and with the new terms and conditions for teachers there may well be many who will want a strict [rule] on the number of hours ' work they will put in each day .

So , equally obviously , the question becomes , what disruption to normal regulation would be caused by recognizing the change , always bearing in mind the rarity of the situation , and that even if some disruption were shown , it might not be sufficiently serious to warrant withholding recognition ?
so , equally obviously , the question becomes , what disruption to normal [rule] would be caused by recognizing the change , always bearing in mind the rarity of the situation , and that even if some disruption were shown , it might not be sufficiently serious to warrant withholding recognition ?

Such a patient is , by definition , going to die sooner rather than later , and the regimen of care adopted , overshadowed as it is by the mass of available technology , calls for distinct and very sensitive regulation .
such a patient is , by definition , going to die sooner rather than later , and the regimen of care adopted , overshadowed as it is by the mass of available technology , calls for distinct and very sensitive [rule] .

The main purpose of the poem was to offer advice concerning the regulation of the activities of the year , particular days being of good or evil omen , appropriate or inappropriate for different activities .
the main purpose of the poem was to offer advice concerning the [rule] of the activities of the year , particular days being of good or evil omen , appropriate or inappropriate for different activities .

The need for punctuality was not due to any desire for ‘ saving time ’ but because the strict regulation of time was needed to help maintain the discipline of monastic life .
the need for punctuality was not due to any desire for ‘ saving time ’ but because the strict [rule] of time was needed to help maintain the discipline of monastic life .

Divine intervention might also have allowed him two straightforward chances ; a top-edged hook off Ambrose when on 22 spiralled to long-leg where Walsh got both hands to it without holding onto it , and at 66 , two balls after the end of his 125- run second wicket partnership with Wessels , he edged Patrick Patterson and Williams made a hash of a regulation catch .
divine intervention might also have allowed him two straightforward chances ; a top-edged hook off ambrose when on 22 spiralled to long-leg where walsh got both hands to it without holding onto it , and at 66 , two balls after the end of his 125- run second wicket partnership with wessels , he edged patrick patterson and williams made a hash of a [rule] catch .

Even the famous Speaker 's Corner in Hyde Park in London is subject to ministerial regulation , and the same applies to Trafalgar Square , another well-known venue for popular protest .
even the famous speaker 's corner in hyde park in london is subject to ministerial [rule] , and the same applies to trafalgar square , another well-known venue for popular protest .

In a free society , the regulation of such material is always problematic , with social mores shifting from generation to generation — and not always in the same direction .
in a free society , the [rule] of such material is always problematic , with social mores shifting from generation to generation — and not always in the same direction .

The Obscene Publications Act 1959 had exempted theatre , cinema , and broadcasting from the provisions of the Act , since all were subject to formal regulation by public authorities .
the obscene publications act 1959 had exempted theatre , cinema , and broadcasting from the provisions of the act , since all were subject to formal [rule] by public authorities .

The effect of the second condition was to require the laws of individual states to define specifically the kinds of sexual conduct which would be subject to regulation if presented in a patently offensive way .
the effect of the second condition was to require the laws of individual states to define specifically the kinds of sexual conduct which would be subject to [rule] if presented in a patently offensive way .

The Williams Committee suggested for films a system of state regulation by a public authority , with powers to ban but no criminal law to provide the grounds for such a ban .
the williams committee suggested for films a system of state [rule] by a public authority , with powers to ban but no criminal law to provide the grounds for such a ban .

Without the regulation of the rainforests , rivers become swollen or parched with dire effects on fragile crops .
without the [rule] of the rainforests , rivers become swollen or parched with dire effects on fragile crops .

In 1986 , the London Waste Regulation Authority 's annual report stated that London and the commuter belt in the Home Counties would run out of local landfill space well before the end of the century , and counties south and south-west of London would not be able to cope with the burden of the capital 's rubbish .
in 1986 , the london waste [rule] authority 's annual report stated that london and the commuter belt in the home counties would run out of local landfill space well before the end of the century , and counties south and south-west of london would not be able to cope with the burden of the capital 's rubbish .

However Japan and Iceland have taken advantage of a loophole in the regulation which says that a certain number of whales can be killed for scientific purposes .
however japan and iceland have taken advantage of a loophole in the [rule] which says that a certain number of whales can be killed for scientific purposes .

Although the great whales may be relatively safe for a while the International Whaling Commission regulation does not cover any of the small cetaceans which are being slaughtered in huge numbers around the world .
although the great whales may be relatively safe for a while the international whaling commission [rule] does not cover any of the small cetaceans which are being slaughtered in huge numbers around the world .

Let us get our own house in order for the benefit of the regulation of light aviation in general .
let us get our own house in order for the benefit of the [rule] of light aviation in general .

Remove the eggs ( nits ) with a regulation fine-toothed comb .
remove the eggs ( nits ) with a [rule] fine-toothed comb .

He wrote : ‘ It can scarce be conceived what advantages have been reaped from this little prudential regulation .
he wrote : ‘ it can scarce be conceived what advantages have been reaped from this little prudential [rule] .

The population was used to receiving orders and to strict regulation in face of shared danger and privation .
the population was used to receiving orders and to strict [rule] in face of shared danger and privation .

Only Articles 2 and 3 of the draft Regulation are compulsory for member states to implement i. e. the aids based on the production of a farm plan .
only articles 2 and 3 of the draft [rule] are compulsory for member states to implement i. e. the aids based on the production of a farm plan .

The proposed regulation has been widely — and fairly — criticised for being generous in its gestures of environmental concern and for conservation , but lacking in the provision of specific means to carry them out .
the proposed [rule] has been widely — and fairly — criticised for being generous in its gestures of environmental concern and for conservation , but lacking in the provision of specific means to carry them out .

Article 20 of the proposed Regulation makes provision for a general , discretionary aid to encourage farm afforestation and the improvement of existing farm woodland .
article 20 of the proposed [rule] makes provision for a general , discretionary aid to encourage farm afforestation and the improvement of existing farm woodland .

Several pathophysiological mechanisms have been implicated including premature atherosclerosis , increased circulating blood volume , a role for insulin , body sodium and catecholamines , abnormal central blood-pressure regulation and abnormalities of function or structure of plasma renin which will now be reviewed .
several pathophysiological mechanisms have been implicated including premature atherosclerosis , increased circulating blood volume , a role for insulin , body sodium and catecholamines , abnormal central blood-pressure [rule] and abnormalities of function or structure of plasma renin which will now be reviewed .

These include an effect on gastric emptying and intestinal transit time , the reduction of intraluminal pressure and colonic faecal transit , all of which may alter central blood pressure regulation via afferent nerves from the gastrointestinal tract ( Anderson , 1981 ) .
these include an effect on gastric emptying and intestinal transit time , the reduction of intraluminal pressure and colonic faecal transit , all of which may alter central blood pressure [rule] via afferent nerves from the gastrointestinal tract ( anderson , 1981 ) .

Public dispositions raise additional questions , for where there is a public interest we need not suppose that all was left to regulation by the remedies of private law .
public dispositions raise additional questions , for where there is a public interest we need not suppose that all was left to [rule] by the remedies of private law .

The unarmed , stern-looking bobby proceeding at regulation pace down the street embodied the virtues of respectable Britain .
the unarmed , stern-looking bobby proceeding at [rule] pace down the street embodied the virtues of respectable britain .

To wear regulation boots ;
to wear [rule] boots ;

In 1889 , a cyclist section was formed of six members mounted and equipped in regulation kit .
in 1889 , a cyclist section was formed of six members mounted and equipped in [rule] kit .

What an international perspective can add is a sense of the contradictions or points of stress in the new structures : the attempt to shift the whole system by floods of detailed description and prescription and the consequent overloading of channels of communication ; the preoccupation with assessment to the point where it may overwhelm the teaching ; the ambivalent character of statutory syllabuses as being at once central regulation and individual entitlement ; the potentially disruptive and anomalous role of governing bodies which may act simply as local guardians of centrally determined norms , but may also be educated to accept more subtle and flexible views of what schools can and should do , and may develop the political clout to do something about it .
what an international perspective can add is a sense of the contradictions or points of stress in the new structures : the attempt to shift the whole system by floods of detailed description and prescription and the consequent overloading of channels of communication ; the preoccupation with assessment to the point where it may overwhelm the teaching ; the ambivalent character of statutory syllabuses as being at once central [rule] and individual entitlement ; the potentially disruptive and anomalous role of governing bodies which may act simply as local guardians of centrally determined norms , but may also be educated to accept more subtle and flexible views of what schools can and should do , and may develop the political clout to do something about it .

‘ Feeling the necessity that exists for a better regulation in the management of our profession and for a more organised system of educating and examining its practitioners , we have condensed in the annexed Petition the principal substance of our wants and to which we most humbly but most anxiously solicit your Lordship 's kind attention ’ .
‘ feeling the necessity that exists for a better [rule] in the management of our profession and for a more organised system of educating and examining its practitioners , we have condensed in the annexed petition the principal substance of our wants and to which we most humbly but most anxiously solicit your lordship 's kind attention ’ .

, Works Regulation Act 1906 as amended .
, works [rule] act 1906 as amended .

, Works Regulation Act 1906 , indeed in the case of Shoreham-by-Sea Urban District Council v Dolphin Canadian Proteins Ltd. action was taken against the company under s.100 to obtain the abatement of offensive odours emanating from their animal by-product plant which in part processed chicken feathers , a registrable process due to the emission of hydrogen sulphide .
, works [rule] act 1906 , indeed in the case of shoreham-by-sea urban district council v dolphin canadian proteins ltd. action was taken against the company under s.100 to obtain the abatement of offensive odours emanating from their animal by-product plant which in part processed chicken feathers , a registrable process due to the emission of hydrogen sulphide .

Alkali , etc. , Works Regulation Act 1906
alkali , etc. , works [rule] act 1906

Following the Health and Safety ( Emissions into the Atmosphere ) Regulations 1983 , referred to earlier it is expected that local authorities will take over the responsibility for prosecuting persons for such offences , as Regulation 7 repeals s.78 ( 3 ) of the 1974 Act which had required proceedings to be instituted by an inspector appointed under s. 19 of the Health and Safety at Work , etc .
following the health and safety ( emissions into the atmosphere ) regulations 1983 , referred to earlier it is expected that local authorities will take over the responsibility for prosecuting persons for such offences , as [rule] 7 repeals s.78 ( 3 ) of the 1974 act which had required proceedings to be instituted by an inspector appointed under s. 19 of the health and safety at work , etc .

On occasions an odour may be due to , or coincide with , the emission of dark or black smoke , in which case a local authority may be able to initiate action under the Clean Air Acts of 1956 and 1968 , except where the emission arises at works registered under the Alkali , etc. , Works Regulation Act 1906 .
on occasions an odour may be due to , or coincide with , the emission of dark or black smoke , in which case a local authority may be able to initiate action under the clean air acts of 1956 and 1968 , except where the emission arises at works registered under the alkali , etc. , works [rule] act 1906 .

, Works Regulation Act 1906 as amended by The Health and Safety ( Emissions into the Atmosphere ) Regulations 1983 .
, works [rule] act 1906 as amended by the health and safety ( emissions into the atmosphere ) regulations 1983 .

In another case the Parliamentary Commissioner investigated complaints alleging failure on the part of the Health and Safety Executive , to take legal proceedings in order to abate obnoxious odours emanating from a nearby factory which produced methyl methacrylate monomer , a registered works under the Alkali , etc. , Works Regulation Act 1906 .
in another case the parliamentary commissioner investigated complaints alleging failure on the part of the health and safety executive , to take legal proceedings in order to abate obnoxious odours emanating from a nearby factory which produced methyl methacrylate monomer , a registered works under the alkali , etc. , works [rule] act 1906 .

On the one hand , the Labour Party has turned to ideas of democratic socialism , with regard to the control and regulation of capital .
on the one hand , the labour party has turned to ideas of democratic socialism , with regard to the control and [rule] of capital .

Company law and business regulation in the context of the single market
company law and business [rule] in the context of the single market

Contrary to first impressions , it may be disadvantageous in these circumstances for firms to have ‘ home country ’ control of conduct of business rules , if the firm is authorised by a member state with a higher standard of regulation than that of the member state where the branch is established .
contrary to first impressions , it may be disadvantageous in these circumstances for firms to have ‘ home country ’ control of conduct of business rules , if the firm is authorised by a member state with a higher standard of [rule] than that of the member state where the branch is established .

It is based on the assumption that commercial confidence in inter-state transactions will only flourish when the framework of company law and business regulation applicable in each member state is the same .
it is based on the assumption that commercial confidence in inter-state transactions will only flourish when the framework of company law and business [rule] applicable in each member state is the same .

The Community avoids the approach of harmonising all aspects of licensing and regulation of the conduct of business , but instead establishes essential standards .
the community avoids the approach of harmonising all aspects of licensing and [rule] of the conduct of business , but instead establishes essential standards .

On 14 December 1987 the Council adopted a further Regulation applying the competition rules to international air transport between community airports .
on 14 december 1987 the council adopted a further [rule] applying the competition rules to international air transport between community airports .

Since 1973 various proposals have been made to achieve this objective , which was finally accomplished by the adoption of the Merger Regulation .
since 1973 various proposals have been made to achieve this objective , which was finally accomplished by the adoption of the merger [rule] .

government regulation under competition laws
government [rule] under competition laws

The regulation of takeovers and the takeover directive
the [rule] of takeovers and the takeover directive

The long-debated Merger Regulation was eventually adopted in 1989 and came into force in September 1990 .
the long-debated merger [rule] was eventually adopted in 1989 and came into force in september 1990 .

In the words of the preamble to the Merger Regulation discussed below :
in the words of the preamble to the merger [rule] discussed below :

The Merger Regulation
the merger [rule]

This section refers to Council Regulation 4064/89 on the control of concentrations between undertakings ( the Merger Regulation ) and to the various Regulations and Notices adopted by the Commission in application of the Merger Regulation , as well as to interpretative statements published by the Commission and the Council at the time of its adoption .
this section refers to council [rule] 4064/89 on the control of concentrations between undertakings ( the merger [rule] ) and to the various regulations and notices adopted by the commission in application of the merger [rule] , as well as to interpretative statements published by the commission and the council at the time of its adoption .

The Merger Regulation requires ‘ concentrations ’ which exceed stated size thresholds ( Community dimension ) to be notified to the Commission before they are put into effect .
the merger [rule] requires ‘ concentrations ’ which exceed stated size thresholds ( community dimension ) to be notified to the commission before they are put into effect .

The regulation treats parent companies as those having control over another company , such as where a company owns more than half of the share capital , or has the power to appoint more than half of the members of the board .
the [rule] treats parent companies as those having control over another company , such as where a company owns more than half of the share capital , or has the power to appoint more than half of the members of the board .

The Regulation also applies to the acquisition of joint control by a number of companies acting in concert .
the [rule] also applies to the acquisition of joint control by a number of companies acting in concert .

This exclusion is designed to focus the Merger Regulation on operations bringing about a lasting change in the structure of the undertakings concerned .
this exclusion is designed to focus the merger [rule] on operations bringing about a lasting change in the structure of the undertakings concerned .

This distinction is important , as cooperative joint ventures aimed at or resulting in co-ordination of the competitive behaviour of the parent companies are outside the Merger Regulation and are governed by Article 85 or 86 ( see Chapters 5 and 6 ) .
this distinction is important , as cooperative joint ventures aimed at or resulting in co-ordination of the competitive behaviour of the parent companies are outside the merger [rule] and are governed by article 85 or 86 ( see chapters 5 and 6 ) .

However , concentrative joint ventures that are permanent and independent without such anti-competitive implications do come within the Regulation .
however , concentrative joint ventures that are permanent and independent without such anti-competitive implications do come within the [rule] .

Every concentration which comes within the scope of the Merger Regulation , as described above , will be appraised by the Commission to determine whether it is compatible with the Common Market .
every concentration which comes within the scope of the merger [rule] , as described above , will be appraised by the commission to determine whether it is compatible with the common market .

The Regulation provides that a market share of 25 % or less is presumed to be compatible with the Common Market .
the [rule] provides that a market share of 25 % or less is presumed to be compatible with the common market .

Three points should be emphasised about the nature and extent of the appraisal that the Commission is obliged to make of a proposed concentration under the Merger Regulation :
three points should be emphasised about the nature and extent of the appraisal that the commission is obliged to make of a proposed concentration under the merger [rule] :

Within one month after the date of notification , the Commission must decide whether the proposed merger falls within the scope of the Merger Regulation and if so , whether it is compatible with the Common Market .
within one month after the date of notification , the commission must decide whether the proposed merger falls within the scope of the merger [rule] and if so , whether it is compatible with the common market .

If the Commission decides that the Regulation does not apply , it must take a decision to that effect ( which is capable of challenge ) .
if the commission decides that the [rule] does not apply , it must take a decision to that effect ( which is capable of challenge ) .

If the Commission considers the Regulation does apply , it must nevertheless clear the merger unless it has ‘ serious doubts ’ about the merger 's compatibility with the Common Market .
if the commission considers the [rule] does apply , it must nevertheless clear the merger unless it has ‘ serious doubts ’ about the merger 's compatibility with the common market .

For those who comply with it , the Regulation is an improvement of the Article 86 régime .
for those who comply with it , the [rule] is an improvement of the article 86 régime .

As at the end of February 1992 , the Commission had received 95 notifications under the Merger Regulation .
as at the end of february 1992 , the commission had received 95 notifications under the merger [rule] .

Does the Merger Regulation prevent double jeopardy ?
does the merger [rule] prevent double jeopardy ?

The intention of the Merger Regulation was to introduce a ‘ one-stop , merger control , described by Commissioner Sir Leon Brittan as a ‘ system whereby , in the case of smaller mergers , they would be subject only to national regulation … while in the case of the really large mergers which have implications for the whole Community , the European Commission would have the power to intervene , and companies would not normally need to be concerned about the national regulatory authorities ’ .
the intention of the merger [rule] was to introduce a ‘ one-stop , merger control , described by commissioner sir leon brittan as a ‘ system whereby , in the case of smaller mergers , they would be subject only to national [rule] … while in the case of the really large mergers which have implications for the whole community , the european commission would have the power to intervene , and companies would not normally need to be concerned about the national regulatory authorities ’ .

Under this principle , the Regulation gives the Commission sole competence to make decisions on mergers within the scope of the Regulation , whether or not the merger is adjudged to be compatible with the Common Market .
under this principle , the [rule] gives the commission sole competence to make decisions on mergers within the scope of the [rule] , whether or not the merger is adjudged to be compatible with the common market .

It was inserted at the insistence of Germany , for whom merger control has important constitutional implications , and the clause in the Regulation is known as the ‘ German ’ clause .
it was inserted at the insistence of germany , for whom merger control has important constitutional implications , and the clause in the [rule] is known as the ‘ german ’ clause .

When invoked , the Commission may , at any time within three months of notification and provided it has not taken steps to apply the Merger Regulation , refer a notified merger to the competition authorities of a member state to deal with under national legislation .
when invoked , the commission may , at any time within three months of notification and provided it has not taken steps to apply the merger [rule] , refer a notified merger to the competition authorities of a member state to deal with under national legislation .

Lastly , under the so-called ‘ Dutch ’ clause , member states may request the Commission to review the effect of any concentration , even if it does not meet the thresholds of the Merger Regulation .
lastly , under the so-called ‘ dutch ’ clause , member states may request the commission to review the effect of any concentration , even if it does not meet the thresholds of the merger [rule] .

In this case , provided that the merger affects inter-state trade , the Commission may act under the Merger Regulation .
in this case , provided that the merger affects inter-state trade , the commission may act under the merger [rule] .

The position where the Merger Regulation does not apply
the position where the merger [rule] does not apply

Where the Merger Regulation does not apply because there is no concentration , the Commission and the national courts will be free to apply Articles 85 and 86 in the usual way .
where the merger [rule] does not apply because there is no concentration , the commission and the national courts will be free to apply articles 85 and 86 in the usual way .

Where there is a concentration , but the Regulation does not apply because the thresholds are not met , the Commission will still have limited powers to intervene and national courts will be able to apply Article 86 .
where there is a concentration , but the [rule] does not apply because the thresholds are not met , the commission will still have limited powers to intervene and national courts will be able to apply article 86 .

Exclusion from the Regulation will , therefore , expose the parties to a merger to fines ; attack of the legal validity of the merger in the national courts ; and parallel national competition investigations .
exclusion from the [rule] will , therefore , expose the parties to a merger to fines ; attack of the legal validity of the merger in the national courts ; and parallel national competition investigations .

It is also unfortunate that Article 86 will continue to apply , under the Continental Can principle , to mergers which do not fall within the scope of the Regulation .
it is also unfortunate that article 86 will continue to apply , under the continental can principle , to mergers which do not fall within the scope of the [rule] .

Interface of the Merger Regulation with Articles 85 and 86
interface of the merger [rule] with articles 85 and 86

Unfortunately , the introduction of the Merger Regulation does not entirely preclude the application of Articles 85 and 86 in merger situations under the doctrines developed in Continental Can and Philip Morris .
unfortunately , the introduction of the merger [rule] does not entirely preclude the application of articles 85 and 86 in merger situations under the doctrines developed in continental can and philip morris .

We summarise below the scope and development of those doctrines , before examining the extent to which they remain applicable in the context of the Merger Regulation .
we summarise below the scope and development of those doctrines , before examining the extent to which they remain applicable in the context of the merger [rule] .

To what extent does the Merger Regulation supersede Articles 85 and 86 ?
to what extent does the merger [rule] supersede articles 85 and 86 ?

The Merger Regulation removes the Commission 's power to enforce Articles 85 and 86 ( leaving it with only residual powers to apply those articles ) in respect of all ‘ concentrations ’ whether or not they fall within the turnover thresholds .
the merger [rule] removes the commission 's power to enforce articles 85 and 86 ( leaving it with only residual powers to apply those articles ) in respect of all ‘ concentrations ’ whether or not they fall within the turnover thresholds .

Subject to the Commission 's exclusive competence to grant exemptions under Article 85 ( 3 ) , both the Commission and national courts will have full powers to apply Article 85 under the Philip Morris doctrine to any acquisition of an interest in a competitor , whatever the combined turnover of the companies involved , which does not constitute a ‘ concentration ’ as defined in the Merger Regulation .
subject to the commission 's exclusive competence to grant exemptions under article 85 ( 3 ) , both the commission and national courts will have full powers to apply article 85 under the philip morris doctrine to any acquisition of an interest in a competitor , whatever the combined turnover of the companies involved , which does not constitute a ‘ concentration ’ as defined in the merger [rule] .

The Commission will have limited powers , although it lacks the full enforcement machinery , to apply Articles 85 and 86 to any merger which does constitute a concentration within the Merger Regulation , but does not meet the turnover thresholds .
the commission will have limited powers , although it lacks the full enforcement machinery , to apply articles 85 and 86 to any merger which does constitute a concentration within the merger [rule] , but does not meet the turnover thresholds .

The currently applicable block exemption Regulation , issued by the Commission in 1985 , exempts specialisation agreements coupled with exclusive purchasing conditions subject to certain conditions .
the currently applicable block exemption [rule] , issued by the commission in 1985 , exempts specialisation agreements coupled with exclusive purchasing conditions subject to certain conditions .

Twenty leading British designers together with students from the Royal College of Art have been asked to draw upon the Collection and create dresses which reflect both the flamboyance and strict regulation which characterised Court dress .
twenty leading british designers together with students from the royal college of art have been asked to draw upon the collection and create dresses which reflect both the flamboyance and strict [rule] which characterised court dress .

The local pit has closed and the miners have been replaced by serious athletes who wear regulation running gear and train thoroughly , sometimes all year round .
the local pit has closed and the miners have been replaced by serious athletes who wear [rule] running gear and train thoroughly , sometimes all year round .

For government regulation to be a good move there needs to be confirmation that the drug is harmless , and there is the ‘ thinend-of-the-wedge ’ argument — that it will break the taboo surrounding other more noxious substances .
for government [rule] to be a good move there needs to be confirmation that the drug is harmless , and there is the ‘ thinend-of-the-wedge ’ argument — that it will break the taboo surrounding other more noxious substances .

The public inquiry into the expansion of the Windscale nuclear reprocessing factory gave the anti-nuclear movement the impetus it needed not only to challenge the official estimates of risks , but also to question repeatedly the idea that the simplistic estimation of the numerical size of a risk should govern its regulation .
the public inquiry into the expansion of the windscale nuclear reprocessing factory gave the anti-nuclear movement the impetus it needed not only to challenge the official estimates of risks , but also to question repeatedly the idea that the simplistic estimation of the numerical size of a risk should govern its [rule] .

It would therefore seem an opportune moment for the government to impose stricter regulation and policing of the pharmaceutical/pesticide/herbicide branches of the chemical industry , including a more severe form of export control in order to protect the Third World .
it would therefore seem an opportune moment for the government to impose stricter [rule] and policing of the pharmaceutical/pesticide/herbicide branches of the chemical industry , including a more severe form of export control in order to protect the third world .

The new regulation will cost the Germans some £1500 million over 10 years .
the new [rule] will cost the germans some £1500 million over 10 years .

More importantly , the roles of hormones , fat cells , muscle tissue , glycogen and other factors involved in body weight regulation are clearly and accurately described .
more importantly , the roles of hormones , fat cells , muscle tissue , glycogen and other factors involved in body weight [rule] are clearly and accurately described .

He starts with a clear discussion of the problems of temperature regulation .
he starts with a clear discussion of the problems of temperature [rule] .

Most countries have some form of price regulation for pharmaceuticals , and , of course , prices are linked internationally .
most countries have some form of price [rule] for pharmaceuticals , and , of course , prices are linked internationally .

Also , it is not a regulation involving bans and prohibitions , it is a recommendation to member states to implement the aims and principles in a way appropriate to their national circumstances .
also , it is not a [rule] involving bans and prohibitions , it is a recommendation to member states to implement the aims and principles in a way appropriate to their national circumstances .

But the chief function of the feudal court was the regulation of disputes about land .
but the chief function of the feudal court was the [rule] of disputes about land .

There is some role conflict when the librarian educated in a tradition of user-helping and support finds a situation calling for regulation ( even law enforcement ) that may appear to be a negative role .
there is some role conflict when the librarian educated in a tradition of user-helping and support finds a situation calling for [rule] ( even law enforcement ) that may appear to be a negative role .

Regulation of the work flow by turning away instructions ( when this is possible without offending or losing good clients ) is a necessary part of job and personnel management .
[rule] of the work flow by turning away instructions ( when this is possible without offending or losing good clients ) is a necessary part of job and personnel management .

By opening up surveyors and others to greater public accountability , there may be some protection against further , more intrusive , regulation .
by opening up surveyors and others to greater public accountability , there may be some protection against further , more intrusive , [rule] .

The following are inevitably subordinated to the law of primitive socialist production : the amount of surplus product alienated from private economy ; the level of wages in the state economy ; prices policy ; the regulation of internal and external trade ; the tariff system ; credit policy ; the structure of the budget ; the structure of import plans ; and so on .
the following are inevitably subordinated to the law of primitive socialist production : the amount of surplus product alienated from private economy ; the level of wages in the state economy ; prices policy ; the [rule] of internal and external trade ; the tariff system ; credit policy ; the structure of the budget ; the structure of import plans ; and so on .

’ Therefore its ‘ laws ’ of regulation and equilibrium only emerge as the result of a myriad of private actions , the results of which can not be foreseen .
’ therefore its ‘ laws ’ of [rule] and equilibrium only emerge as the result of a myriad of private actions , the results of which can not be foreseen .

Lighting columns now have to be to regulation safety standards , and it is hoped that the new lights chosen will be complementary to the street .
lighting columns now have to be to [rule] safety standards , and it is hoped that the new lights chosen will be complementary to the street .

If therefore , there were cycles within the greater Mind itself , geared towards a regulation and administration of life upon our planet , then we can begin to see how enigmas such as apparent geographical inheritance can be understood .
if therefore , there were cycles within the greater mind itself , geared towards a [rule] and administration of life upon our planet , then we can begin to see how enigmas such as apparent geographical inheritance can be understood .

Several cases have revealed gaping holes in the regulation system .
several cases have revealed gaping holes in the [rule] system .

’ At the same time , he suspects , life offices did not realise how tough regulation would be .
’ at the same time , he suspects , life offices did not realise how tough [rule] would be .

It is more like extermination than regulation .
it is more like extermination than [rule] .

Bowe stressed that no hazardous or toxic waste should be excluded from the strictest regulation , whether that waste was going for disposal or for future use .
bowe stressed that no hazardous or toxic waste should be excluded from the strictest [rule] , whether that waste was going for disposal or for future use .

Quite often police were at the stage door making sure they were out of the theatre at the regulation time .
quite often police were at the stage door making sure they were out of the theatre at the [rule] time .

Green had a good knowledge of weather and cloud formation , and with his regulation patch of ‘ celestial azure ’ his skies were carefully painted .
green had a good knowledge of weather and cloud formation , and with his [rule] patch of ‘ celestial azure ’ his skies were carefully painted .

Librarians are gradually beginning to apply a systems approach in which different types of sign are used to illustrate different functions such as orientation , direction , identification , instruction , prohibition or regulation and current awareness .
librarians are gradually beginning to apply a systems approach in which different types of sign are used to illustrate different functions such as orientation , direction , identification , instruction , prohibition or [rule] and current awareness .

Laws introduced to regulate corporate behaviour differ from most criminal laws in that they do not centre on the results of the breaking of the particular regulation .
laws introduced to regulate corporate behaviour differ from most criminal laws in that they do not centre on the results of the breaking of the particular [rule] .

The point is that as the laws do not focus on the results of corporate crime , the corporate criminal need only worry about relatively lenient punishment for breaking a particular regulation , and not be concerned with the wider consequences of that action .
the point is that as the laws do not focus on the results of corporate crime , the corporate criminal need only worry about relatively lenient punishment for breaking a particular [rule] , and not be concerned with the wider consequences of that action .

Thus , although there has been an extension of fraud as credit facilities have expanded , this has not affected the central principle on which the regulation of fraud is based — that at all costs ‘ free enterprise ’ should not be discouraged by fear of prosecution .
thus , although there has been an extension of fraud as credit facilities have expanded , this has not affected the central principle on which the [rule] of fraud is based — that at all costs ‘ free enterprise ’ should not be discouraged by fear of prosecution .

The regulation of money supply may be used by governments to achieve specific economic objectives , e.g .
the [rule] of money supply may be used by governments to achieve specific economic objectives , e.g .

This type of administrative regulation , when combined with a decline of one-quarter in current expenditure to the cities between 1981–2 and 1985–6 , and the imposition of an administratively difficult and possibly inequitable poll tax , makes the financial environment within which the older urban cores have to operate singularly unfortunate .
this type of administrative [rule] , when combined with a decline of one-quarter in current expenditure to the cities between 1981–2 and 1985–6 , and the imposition of an administratively difficult and possibly inequitable poll tax , makes the financial environment within which the older urban cores have to operate singularly unfortunate .

Ministers ostensibly believed that economic progress had been limited by control , regulation and over-taxation .
ministers ostensibly believed that economic progress had been limited by control , [rule] and over-taxation .

Silvicultural management has been practised since the 1920s , beginning first with regulation of the telling cycle and then the stimulation of natural regeneration by cutting climbers , removing uneconomic species and canopy thinning in the 1930s , as has been described by Kio and Ekwebelam ( 1987 ) .
silvicultural management has been practised since the 1920s , beginning first with [rule] of the telling cycle and then the stimulation of natural regeneration by cutting climbers , removing uneconomic species and canopy thinning in the 1930s , as has been described by kio and ekwebelam ( 1987 ) .

Like so many of his partners in the glamorous underground of Scottish football , he was perpetually at loggerheads with the Scottish Football Association , and saw the administrators of the game as artless bureaucrats obsessed with rules and regulation .
like so many of his partners in the glamorous underground of scottish football , he was perpetually at loggerheads with the scottish football association , and saw the administrators of the game as artless bureaucrats obsessed with rules and [rule] .

Second , weak government regulation of American TV means that without parental controls , child viewers are exposed repeatedly to antisocial attitudes and behaviors .
second , weak government [rule] of american tv means that without parental controls , child viewers are exposed repeatedly to antisocial attitudes and behaviors .

For example , the per capita number of outerwear garments purchased in the United States increased from 14.3 to 28.7 in the period from 1967 to 1995.9 Imports , however , provided half the total in 1995 , leaving domestic production with only about the same per capita number of outerwear garments as three decades earlier10—all this , even though apparel and textiles in the United States have long been characterized by special import regulation .
for example , the per capita number of outerwear garments purchased in the united states increased from 14.3 to 28.7 in the period from 1967 to 1995.9 imports , however , provided half the total in 1995 , leaving domestic production with only about the same per capita number of outerwear garments as three decades earlier10—all this , even though apparel and textiles in the united states have long been characterized by special import [rule] .

This system also separated and specialized the functions of production from the purchase of materials and the selling of finished products—developments that greatly influence women ’ s and children ’ s apparel today , including the complexity of the regulation of labor conditions .
this system also separated and specialized the functions of production from the purchase of materials and the selling of finished products—developments that greatly influence women ’ s and children ’ s apparel today , including the complexity of the [rule] of labor conditions .

For the ILGWU , standardizing wages required regulation through collective bargaining of the network of contractors and “ submanufacturers ” working for jobbers and manufacturers .
for the ilgwu , standardizing wages required [rule] through collective bargaining of the network of contractors and “ submanufacturers ” working for jobbers and manufacturers .

At the same time , the problem of sweatshops persists , despite government regulation of minimum wages , overtime , child labor , and safety issues .
at the same time , the problem of sweatshops persists , despite government [rule] of minimum wages , overtime , child labor , and safety issues .

In fact , regulation has increased significantly since the 1930s , and Secretaries of Labor continue to be concerned about sweatshops and violations of labor standards in apparel .
in fact , [rule] has increased significantly since the 1930s , and secretaries of labor continue to be concerned about sweatshops and violations of labor standards in apparel .

The industrial transformation currently in progress encompasses international trade issues , competitiveness , labor regulation , and macroeconomic policies .
the industrial transformation currently in progress encompasses international trade issues , competitiveness , labor [rule] , and macroeconomic policies .

The fundamental standards of product identification through bar codes and related technologies have become compatible worldwide without the prescription or regulation of a Bureau of Standards or government regulatory agencies .
the fundamental standards of product identification through bar codes and related technologies have become compatible worldwide without the prescription or [rule] of a bureau of standards or government regulatory agencies .

Labor conditions have deteriorated for a number of reasons : the decline in the coverage of collective bargaining agreements with their provisions for regulation of contract shops ; the difficulty of policing contributions for health and pension funds from employers in this sector ; the increase in immigrants , legal and illegal , concentrated in certain areas ; the intense competition from imports ; and the sharp drop in employment in apparel in some markets.23 Sweatshops , it seems , have always been with us .
labor conditions have deteriorated for a number of reasons : the decline in the coverage of collective bargaining agreements with their provisions for [rule] of contract shops ; the difficulty of policing contributions for health and pension funds from employers in this sector ; the increase in immigrants , legal and illegal , concentrated in certain areas ; the intense competition from imports ; and the sharp drop in employment in apparel in some markets.23 sweatshops , it seems , have always been with us .

On the assumption that the legislature had acted in good faith , that there was no graft involved in vesting this authority in the Crescent City Slaughter-House Company , the controversy seemed to be an easy one—at least by contemporary standards of public regulation .
on the assumption that the legislature had acted in good faith , that there was no graft involved in vesting this authority in the crescent city slaughter-house company , the controversy seemed to be an easy one—at least by contemporary standards of public [rule] .

The same is true of regulation of sexual harassment on the job .
the same is true of [rule] of sexual harassment on the job .

Far , in the name of equality , we are willing to tolerate rather intrusive regulation of dating practices in corporate or university settings , but one can sense a coming backlash favoring the principle that students old enough to vote should be old enough to make a responsible decision about their sexual lives.13 Making it a crime or private action for damages for coworkers or costudents to have sexual relations would surely violate the right to sexual autonomy now recognized as an aspect of liberty protected by the due process clause .
far , in the name of equality , we are willing to tolerate rather intrusive [rule] of dating practices in corporate or university settings , but one can sense a coming backlash favoring the principle that students old enough to vote should be old enough to make a responsible decision about their sexual lives.13 making it a crime or private action for damages for coworkers or costudents to have sexual relations would surely violate the right to sexual autonomy now recognized as an aspect of liberty protected by the due process clause .

By learning to control gene regulation and cell signaling , we will begin to control cell proliferation , cell diVerentiation , and tissue regeneration to treat pathologies such as cancer , autoimmune diseases , and degenerative diseases .
by learning to control gene [rule] and cell signaling , we will begin to control cell proliferation , cell diverentiation , and tissue regeneration to treat pathologies such as cancer , autoimmune diseases , and degenerative diseases .

On to the Twentieth Century The British extended their control over the peninsula by putting together the whole panoply of colonial administration — civil service , public works , judiciary force , police force , post office , education , and land regulation — with teams of British administrators , teachers , engineers , and doctors to go with it .
on to the twentieth century the british extended their control over the peninsula by putting together the whole panoply of colonial administration — civil service , public works , judiciary force , police force , post office , education , and land [rule] — with teams of british administrators , teachers , engineers , and doctors to go with it .

Both Madeira and Britain benefited from a new regulation that governed the shipment of Madeira wine and made it the only wine that could be exported directly to the British possessions in the Western hemisphere ( providing , of course , it was carried by a British vessel ) .
both madeira and britain benefited from a new [rule] that governed the shipment of madeira wine and made it the only wine that could be exported directly to the british possessions in the western hemisphere ( providing , of course , it was carried by a british vessel ) .

The height limit was virtually the only regulation applied to building , and a sprawling shantytown soon sprang up .
the height limit was virtually the only [rule] applied to building , and a sprawling shantytown soon sprang up .

It provides a forum for the development of uniform policy and addresses the need to coordinate regulation of multi-state insurers .
it provides a forum for the development of uniform policy and addresses the need to coordinate [rule] of multi-state insurers .

The National Conference of Insurance Legislators ( NCOIL ) , an organization of state legislators whose main area of public policy concern is insurance legislation and regulation , recently passed a resolution asking states to repeal the UPPL .
the national conference of insurance legislators ( ncoil ) , an organization of state legislators whose main area of public policy concern is insurance legislation and [rule] , recently passed a resolution asking states to repeal the uppl .

The basic legislative structure of insurance regulation requires some degree of uniformity throughout the states .
the basic legislative structure of insurance [rule] requires some degree of uniformity throughout the states .

By regulation , bonus amounts paid to individual career senior executives are limited to between 5 and 20 percent of the executive 's basic pay .
by [rule] , bonus amounts paid to individual career senior executives are limited to between 5 and 20 percent of the executive 's basic pay .

These rules were adopted on an interim basis because the Secretaries determined that the publication of a proposed regulation , for the purpose of notice and public comment , would be impracticable , unnecessary , and contrary to the public interest .
these rules were adopted on an interim basis because the secretaries determined that the publication of a proposed [rule] , for the purpose of notice and public comment , would be impracticable , unnecessary , and contrary to the public interest .

FEDERAL REGULATION AND ENFORCEMENT : The primary federal regulator in connection with financial accounting and reporting for public companies is the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) .
federal [rule] and enforcement : the primary federal regulator in connection with financial accounting and reporting for public companies is the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) .

Section 32902 ( a ) of title 49 , United States Code , requires the Secretary of Transportation to prescribe by regulation , at least 18 months in advance of each model year , average fuel economy standards ( known as `` Corporate Average Fuel Economy '' or `` CAFE '' standards ) for non-passenger automobiles manufactured in that model year .
section 32902 ( a ) of title 49 , united states code , requires the secretary of transportation to prescribe by [rule] , at least 18 months in advance of each model year , average fuel economy standards ( known as `` corporate average fuel economy '' or `` cafe '' standards ) for non-passenger automobiles manufactured in that model year .

Values of these securities can vary on the basis of regulation or specific language in the offering .
values of these securities can vary on the basis of [rule] or specific language in the offering .

The analysis further points out that it has reduced the impact of the proposed amendments on small businesses by determining not to amend Regulation S-B to incorporate an item similar to proposed Item 305 of Regulation S-K. GAO/OGC-97-20 Section 604 : Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The preamble to the final rule contains a summary of the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis .
the analysis further points out that it has reduced the impact of the proposed amendments on small businesses by determining not to amend [rule] s-b to incorporate an item similar to proposed item 305 of [rule] s-k. gao/ogc-97-20 section 604 : final regulatory flexibility analysis the preamble to the final rule contains a summary of the final regulatory flexibility analysis .

Section 1871 ( b ) provides that , with exceptions not pertinent here , before issuing any final rule , the Secretary shall provide for notice of the proposed regulation in the Federal Register and a comment period of at least 60 days .
section 1871 ( b ) provides that , with exceptions not pertinent here , before issuing any final rule , the secretary shall provide for notice of the proposed [rule] in the federal register and a comment period of at least 60 days .

Office of the General Counsel B-271810.6 May 23 , 1996 The Honorable Alfonse M. D'Amato Chairman The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Securities Credit Transactions ; Review of Regulation T , `` Credit by Brokers and Dealers '' Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System , entitled `` Securities Credit Transactions ; Review of Regulation T , 'Credit by Brokers and Dealers ' '' ( RIN 7100-AB28 ) .
office of the general counsel b-271810.6 may 23 , 1996 the honorable alfonse m. d'amato chairman the honorable paul s. sarbanes ranking minority member committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : securities credit transactions ; review of [rule] t , `` credit by brokers and dealers '' pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the board of governors of the federal reserve system , entitled `` securities credit transactions ; review of [rule] t , 'credit by brokers and dealers ' '' ( rin 7100-ab28 ) .

Among other things , the rule amends Regulation T to ( 1 ) eliminate restrictions on the ability of broker-dealers to arrange for credit ; ( 2 ) increase the type and number of domestic and foreign securities that may be bought on margin and increase the loan value of some securities that already are marginable ; ( 3 ) delete Board rules regarding options transactions in favor of the rules of the options exchanges ; and ( 4 ) reduce restrictions on transactions involving foreign persons , securities , and currency .
among other things , the rule amends [rule] t to ( 1 ) eliminate restrictions on the ability of broker-dealers to arrange for credit ; ( 2 ) increase the type and number of domestic and foreign securities that may be bought on margin and increase the loan value of some securities that already are marginable ; ( 3 ) delete board rules regarding options transactions in favor of the rules of the options exchanges ; and ( 4 ) reduce restrictions on transactions involving foreign persons , securities , and currency .

Page 1 GAO-03-419SP Governance and Accountability Forum Specifically , the forum focused on four interrelated areas-corporate governance , the financial reporting model , the accounting profession , and regulation and enforcement .
page 1 gao-03-419sp governance and accountability forum specifically , the forum focused on four interrelated areas-corporate governance , the financial reporting model , the accounting profession , and [rule] and enforcement .

Regulation and Enforcement Participants suggested the need for a new reporting model for auditing , a renewed focus on the quality of auditing , and building more effective working relationships with the audit committee .
[rule] and enforcement participants suggested the need for a new reporting model for auditing , a renewed focus on the quality of auditing , and building more effective working relationships with the audit committee .

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 provides a strong framework for more effective corporate governance and regulation of the accounting profession .
the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 provides a strong framework for more effective corporate governance and [rule] of the accounting profession .

For example , the PCAOB should consider the reasons the accounting profession is organized the way it is , including federal/state regulation such as the licensing structure , reasons accounting firms practice as partnerships , the effects of private litigation , and the structure and role of the state boards of accountancy .
for example , the pcaob should consider the reasons the accounting profession is organized the way it is , including federal/state [rule] such as the licensing structure , reasons accounting firms practice as partnerships , the effects of private litigation , and the structure and role of the state boards of accountancy .

Some participants suggested that the PCAOB consider the banking industry to provide examples of the integration of federal and state regulation and lessons learned about that structure from the savings and loan and banking crises .
some participants suggested that the pcaob consider the banking industry to provide examples of the integration of federal and state [rule] and lessons learned about that structure from the savings and loan and banking crises .

In its Notice of Proposed Rulemaking , the Commission specifically stated that the proposed regulation would affect a number of entities both large and small .
in its notice of proposed rulemaking , the commission specifically stated that the proposed [rule] would affect a number of entities both large and small .

Office of the General Counsel B-272425.1 July 16 , 1996 The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Regulation of Fuels and Fuel Additives : Certification Standards for Deposit Control Gasoline Additives Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency , entitled `` Regulation of Fuels and Fuel Additives : Certification Standards for Deposit Control Gasoline Additives '' ( RIN : 2060-AG06 ; FRL # 5528-5 ) .
office of the general counsel b-272425.1 july 16 , 1996 the honorable john h. chafee chairman the honorable max baucus ranking minority member committee on environment and public works united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : [rule] of fuels and fuel additives : certification standards for deposit control gasoline additives pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the environmental protection agency , entitled `` [rule] of fuels and fuel additives : certification standards for deposit control gasoline additives '' ( rin : 2060-ag06 ; frl # 5528-5 ) .

OMB Circular A125 PromptPayment,5 the Prompt Payment Act , and the Federal Acquisition Regulation ( FAR ) , part 13 provide guidance on implementing fast pay .
omb circular a125 promptpayment,5 the prompt payment act , and the federal acquisition [rule] ( far ) , part 13 provide guidance on implementing fast pay .

Our Office has recently performed work relating to this area including `` Health Insurance Portability : Reform Could Ensure Continued Coverage for up to 25 Million Americans '' ( HEHS-95-257 ) , `` Private Health Insurance : Millions Relying on Individual Market Face Cost and Coverage Trade-offs '' ( HEHS-97-8 ) , and `` Health Insurance Regulation : Varying State Requirements Affect Cost of Insurance '' ( HEHS-96-161 ) .
our office has recently performed work relating to this area including `` health insurance portability : reform could ensure continued coverage for up to 25 million americans '' ( hehs-95-257 ) , `` private health insurance : millions relying on individual market face cost and coverage trade-offs '' ( hehs-97-8 ) , and `` health insurance [rule] : varying state requirements affect cost of insurance '' ( hehs-96-161 ) .

When the proposed regulation was published for public comment ( 59 Fed .
when the proposed [rule] was published for public comment ( 59 fed .

A Congressional reexamination of the regulation drafting process led to the passage of the Indian Self-Determination Act Amendments of 1994 ( Pub .
a congressional reexamination of the [rule] drafting process led to the passage of the indian self-determination act amendments of 1994 ( pub .

When auditors are performing the audit pursuant to a law or regulation , auditors should communicate with the legislative members or staff who have oversight of the auditee.4 Auditors should coordinate communications with the responsible government audit organization and/or management of the audited entity , and may use the engagement letter to keep interested parties informed .
when auditors are performing the audit pursuant to a law or [rule] , auditors should communicate with the legislative members or staff who have oversight of the auditee.4 auditors should coordinate communications with the responsible government audit organization and/or management of the audited entity , and may use the engagement letter to keep interested parties informed .

If the officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practicable after the auditors ' communication with the entity 's governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud or illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .
if the officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practicable after the auditors ' communication with the entity 's governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud or illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or [rule] .

Internal audit organizations do not have a duty to report outside that entity unless required by law , rule , regulation , or policy .
internal audit organizations do not have a duty to report outside that entity unless required by law , rule , [rule] , or policy .

Such information may be provided on a need-to-know basis in a separate limited official-use report which is restricted to only persons authorized by law or regulation to receive it .
such information may be provided on a need-to-know basis in a separate limited official-use report which is restricted to only persons authorized by law or [rule] to receive it .

Unless the report is restricted by law or regulation , or contains privileged and confidential information , auditors should ensure that copies be made available for public inspection .
unless the report is restricted by law or [rule] , or contains privileged and confidential information , auditors should ensure that copies be made available for public inspection .

Such information may be provided on a need-to-know basis only to persons authorized by law or regulation to receive it .
such information may be provided on a need-to-know basis only to persons authorized by law or [rule] to receive it .

Unless the report is restricted by law or regulation , auditors should ensure that copies be made available for public inspection .
unless the report is restricted by law or [rule] , auditors should ensure that copies be made available for public inspection .

Such officials include those designated by law or regulation to receive such reports , those responsible for acting on the findings and recommendations contained in the report , those of other levels of government that have provided assistance to the audited entity , and legislators .
such officials include those designated by law or [rule] to receive such reports , those responsible for acting on the findings and recommendations contained in the report , those of other levels of government that have provided assistance to the audited entity , and legislators .

When abuse occurs , no law , regulation , contract provision , or grant agreement is violated .
when abuse occurs , no law , [rule] , contract provision , or grant agreement is violated .

If officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practical after the auditors ' communication with its governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud and illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .
if officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practical after the auditors ' communication with its governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud and illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or [rule] .

Internal audit organizations do not have a duty to report outside that entity unless required by law , rule , regulation , or policy .
internal audit organizations do not have a duty to report outside that entity unless required by law , rule , [rule] , or policy .

In such circumstances , auditors may issue a separate limited official use report containing such information and distribute the report only to persons authorized by law or regulation to receive it .
in such circumstances , auditors may issue a separate limited official use report containing such information and distribute the report only to persons authorized by law or [rule] to receive it .

Unless the report is restricted by law or regulation , copies should be made available for public inspection .
unless the report is restricted by law or [rule] , copies should be made available for public inspection .

Such officials include those designated by law or regulation to receive such reports , those responsible for acting on the findings and recommendations , those of other levels of government who have provided assistance to the audited entity , and legislators .
such officials include those designated by law or [rule] to receive such reports , those responsible for acting on the findings and recommendations , those of other levels of government who have provided assistance to the audited entity , and legislators .

Further distribution of reports outside the organization should be made in accordance with applicable law , rule , regulation , or policy .
further distribution of reports outside the organization should be made in accordance with applicable law , rule , [rule] , or policy .

Federal government members represent agencies that have functions related to telecommunications research , standards , regulation , law enforcement , or intelligence or are major telecommunications users .
federal government members represent agencies that have functions related to telecommunications research , standards , [rule] , law enforcement , or intelligence or are major telecommunications users .

The final rule ( Regulation M ) governs the activities of underwriters , issuers , selling securityholders , and others in connection with offerings of securities .
the final rule ( [rule] m ) governs the activities of underwriters , issuers , selling securityholders , and others in connection with offerings of securities .

Regulation M is intended to preclude manipulative conduct by persons with an interest in the outcome of an offering .
[rule] m is intended to preclude manipulative conduct by persons with an interest in the outcome of an offering .

Statutory authorization for the rule Regulation M is adopted under the Securities Act , 15 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule [rule] m is adopted under the securities act , 15 u.s.c .

The regulation of these emissions became necessary under section 213 ( a ) ( 3 ) of the Clean Air Act , as amended , when EPA found that these nonroad engines were significant contributors to ozone or carbon monoxide concentrations in more than one nonattainment area .
the [rule] of these emissions became necessary under section 213 ( a ) ( 3 ) of the clean air act , as amended , when epa found that these nonroad engines were significant contributors to ozone or carbon monoxide concentrations in more than one nonattainment area .

This change is due to the deletion from the rule of the regulation of stern drive and inboard engines , which are mainly manufactured by small entities .
this change is due to the deletion from the rule of the [rule] of stern drive and inboard engines , which are mainly manufactured by small entities .

Office of the General Counsel B-276296 March 12 , 1997 The Honorable Alfonse M. D'Amato Chairman The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs United States Senate The Honorable Jim Leach Chairman The Honorable Henry B. Gonzalez Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking and Financial Services House of Representatives Subject : Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System : Bank Holding Companies and Change in Bank Control ( Regulation Y ) Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System , entitled `` Bank Holding Companies and Change in Bank Control ( Regulation Y ) '' ( Docket Nos .
office of the general counsel b-276296 march 12 , 1997 the honorable alfonse m. d'amato chairman the honorable paul s. sarbanes ranking minority member committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs united states senate the honorable jim leach chairman the honorable henry b. gonzalez ranking minority member committee on banking and financial services house of representatives subject : board of governors of the federal reserve system : bank holding companies and change in bank control ( [rule] y ) pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the board of governors of the federal reserve system , entitled `` bank holding companies and change in bank control ( [rule] y ) '' ( docket nos .

The final rule amends Regulation Y to improve the competitiveness of bank holding companies by eliminating unnecessary regulatory burden and operating restrictions and streamlining the application and notice process .
the final rule amends [rule] y to improve the competitiveness of bank holding companies by eliminating unnecessary regulatory burden and operating restrictions and streamlining the application and notice process .

Page 2 1024627 Section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( B ) requires agencies to make every reasonable effort to ensure that the regulation specifies in clear language the effect on existing Federal law or regulation .
page 2 1024627 section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( b ) requires agencies to make every reasonable effort to ensure that the [rule] specifies in clear language the effect on existing federal law or [rule] .

Section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( D ) requires agencies to specify in clear language the retroactive effect , if any , given to the regulation .
section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( d ) requires agencies to specify in clear language the retroactive effect , if any , given to the [rule] .

The regulation includes a definition of the term `` necessary consequences , '' a key element to be considered in determining a veteran 's eligibility for compensation under this rule .
the [rule] includes a definition of the term `` necessary consequences , '' a key element to be considered in determining a veteran 's eligibility for compensation under this rule .

The analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and numerous small entities participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed regulation following the inclusion in the notice of proposed rulemaking of the initial regulatory flexibility analysis which discussed the economic impact on small entities .
the analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and numerous small entities participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed [rule] following the inclusion in the notice of proposed rulemaking of the initial regulatory flexibility analysis which discussed the economic impact on small entities .

Office of the General Counsel B-275070 October 24 , 1996 The Honorable Nancy Landon Kassebaum Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration : Medical Devices ; Current Good Manufacturing Practice ( CGMP ) Final Rule ; Quality System Regulation Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration , entitled `` Medical Devices ; Current Good Manufacturing Practice ( CGMP ) Final Rule ; Quality System Regulation '' ( RIN : 0910-AA09 ) .
office of the general counsel b-275070 october 24 , 1996 the honorable nancy landon kassebaum chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , food and drug administration : medical devices ; current good manufacturing practice ( cgmp ) final rule ; quality system [rule] pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by department of health and human services , food and drug administration , entitled `` medical devices ; current good manufacturing practice ( cgmp ) final rule ; quality system [rule] '' ( rin : 0910-aa09 ) .

The final rule revises existing current good manufacturing practice requirements for medical devices and incorporates them into a quality system regulation .
the final rule revises existing current good manufacturing practice requirements for medical devices and incorporates them into a quality system [rule] .

The quality system regulation includes requirements related to the methods used in , and the facilities and controls used for , designing , manufacturing , packaging , labeling , storing , installing and servicing of medical devices intended for human use .
the quality system [rule] includes requirements related to the methods used in , and the facilities and controls used for , designing , manufacturing , packaging , labeling , storing , installing and servicing of medical devices intended for human use .

L. 101-629 , November 28 , 1990 ) , amended section 520 ( f ) of the Federal Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act providing the FDA with the authority to add preproduction design controls to the Current Good Manufacturing Practices regulation .
l. 101-629 , november 28 , 1990 ) , amended section 520 ( f ) of the federal food , drug and cosmetic act providing the fda with the authority to add preproduction design controls to the current good manufacturing practices [rule] .

However , regarding consultation with State , local and tribal governments , the FDA notes that there were two state government representatives who were members of the Good Manufacturing Practices Advisory Committee in 1995 which explored the need to revise the Current Good Manufacturing Practices regulation .
however , regarding consultation with state , local and tribal governments , the fda notes that there were two state government representatives who were members of the good manufacturing practices advisory committee in 1995 which explored the need to revise the current good manufacturing practices [rule] .

The quid pro quo for manufacturers opting into the program and subjecting themselves to the mandates of the regulation is regulatory stability and the need to meet only one set of nationwide standards to which vehicles can be designed , manufactured , and tested .
the quid pro quo for manufacturers opting into the program and subjecting themselves to the mandates of the [rule] is regulatory stability and the need to meet only one set of nationwide standards to which vehicles can be designed , manufactured , and tested .

References Regulation ( FIRMR ) , Part 201-2 : Designated Senior Officials .
references [rule] ( firmr ) , part 201-2 : designated senior officials .

Restricted versions of products that contain sensitive information are distributed only to recipients who are authorized by statute or regulation to receive the products , have a need to know , or both .
restricted versions of products that contain sensitive information are distributed only to recipients who are authorized by statute or [rule] to receive the products , have a need to know , or both .

Office of the General Counsel B-272303.1 June 28 , 1996 The Honorable Alfonse M. D'Amato Chairman The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs United States Senate The Honorable James A. Leach Chairman The Honorable Henry B. Gonzalez Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking and Financial Services House of Representatives Subject : Amendments to Regulation X , the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act : Withdrawal of Employer/Employee and Computer Loan Origination Systems Exemptions ( FR-3638 ) ; and Policy Statements 1996-1 ( regarding computer loan origination systems ) ; 1996-2 ( regarding sham controlled business arrangements ) ; and 1996-3 ( rental of office space , lock-outs , and retaliation ) Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) entitled `` Amendments to Regulation X , the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act : Withdrawal of Employer/Employee and Computer Loan Origination Systems Exemptions ( FR-3638 ) ; and Policy Statements 1996-1 ( regarding computer loan origination systems ) ; 1996-2 ( regarding sham controlled business arrangements ) ; and 1996-3 ( rental of office space , lock-outs , and retaliation ) '' ( RIN : 2502-AG26 ) .
office of the general counsel b-272303.1 june 28 , 1996 the honorable alfonse m. d'amato chairman the honorable paul s. sarbanes ranking minority member committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs united states senate the honorable james a. leach chairman the honorable henry b. gonzalez ranking minority member committee on banking and financial services house of representatives subject : amendments to [rule] x , the real estate settlement procedures act : withdrawal of employer/employee and computer loan origination systems exemptions ( fr-3638 ) ; and policy statements 1996-1 ( regarding computer loan origination systems ) ; 1996-2 ( regarding sham controlled business arrangements ) ; and 1996-3 ( rental of office space , lock-outs , and retaliation ) pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the department of housing and urban development ( hud ) entitled `` amendments to [rule] x , the real estate settlement procedures act : withdrawal of employer/employee and computer loan origination systems exemptions ( fr-3638 ) ; and policy statements 1996-1 ( regarding computer loan origination systems ) ; 1996-2 ( regarding sham controlled business arrangements ) ; and 1996-3 ( rental of office space , lock-outs , and retaliation ) '' ( rin : 2502-ag26 ) .

The final rule revises Regulation X , which implements the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 ( RESPA ) .
the final rule revises [rule] x , which implements the real estate settlement procedures act of 1974 ( respa ) .

However , in both areas , the Analysis includes a discussion of cost- and benefit-related issues and the possible effects of the changes to Regulation X .
however , in both areas , the analysis includes a discussion of cost- and benefit-related issues and the possible effects of the changes to [rule] x .

OMB also informed us that generally Regulation X matters had been designated `` major rules '' under Executive Order 12291 .
omb also informed us that generally [rule] x matters had been designated `` major rules '' under executive order 12291 .

HUD promulgated the Amendments to Regulation X under the notice and comment procedures of 5 U.S.C .
hud promulgated the amendments to [rule] x under the notice and comment procedures of 5 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule HUD promulgated these amendments to Regulation X and accompanying Statements of Policy under the authority in section 19 of RESPA , 12 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule hud promulgated these amendments to [rule] x and accompanying statements of policy under the authority in section 19 of respa , 12 u.s.c .

Executive Order 12866 OMB reviewed the Amendments to Regulation X and accompanying Statements of Policy under Executive Order 12866 as a `` significant regulatory action . ''
executive order 12866 omb reviewed the amendments to [rule] x and accompanying statements of policy under executive order 12866 as a `` significant regulatory action . ''

The private nature of the speech involved here , and the extent of LSC 's regulation of private expression , are indicated further by the circumstance that the Government seeks to use an existing medium of expression and to control it , in a class of cases , in ways which distort its usual functioning .
the private nature of the speech involved here , and the extent of lsc 's [rule] of private expression , are indicated further by the circumstance that the government seeks to use an existing medium of expression and to control it , in a class of cases , in ways which distort its usual functioning .

Moreover , the majority 's contention that the subsidized speech in these cases is not government speech because the lawyers have a professional obligation to represent the interests of their clients founders on the reality that the doctors in Rust had a professional obligation to serve the interests of their patients , see 500 U. S. , at 214 ( Blackmun , J. , dissenting ) ( `` ethical responsibilities of the medical profession '' ) - which at the time of Rust we had held to be highly relevant to the permissible scope of federal regulation , see Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists , 476 U. S. 747 , 763 ( 1986 ) ( `` professional responsibilities '' of physicians ) , overruled in part on other grounds , Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pa. v. Casey , 505 U. S. 833 ( 1992 ) .
moreover , the majority 's contention that the subsidized speech in these cases is not government speech because the lawyers have a professional obligation to represent the interests of their clients founders on the reality that the doctors in rust had a professional obligation to serve the interests of their patients , see 500 u. s. , at 214 ( blackmun , j. , dissenting ) ( `` ethical responsibilities of the medical profession '' ) - which at the time of rust we had held to be highly relevant to the permissible scope of federal [rule] , see thornburgh v. american college of obstetricians and gynecologists , 476 u. s. 747 , 763 ( 1986 ) ( `` professional responsibilities '' of physicians ) , overruled in part on other grounds , planned parenthood of southeastern pa. v. casey , 505 u. s. 833 ( 1992 ) .

Television Comm ' n v. Forbes , 523 U. S. 666 ( 1998 ) , that case discussed the nature of television broadcasting , not to determine whether government regulation would alter its `` usual functioning '' and thus violate the Amendment ( no government regulation was even at issue in the case ) , but rather to determine whether state-owned television is a `` public forum '' under our First Amendment jurisprudence .
television comm ' n v. forbes , 523 u. s. 666 ( 1998 ) , that case discussed the nature of television broadcasting , not to determine whether government [rule] would alter its `` usual functioning '' and thus violate the amendment ( no government [rule] was even at issue in the case ) , but rather to determine whether state-owned television is a `` public forum '' under our first amendment jurisprudence .

Since 1983 , the Corporation 's appropriations act and its regulation on the representation of aliens have required that an alien be `` present in the United States '' to be eligible for legal assistance from an LSC grantee .
since 1983 , the corporation 's appropriations act and its [rule] on the representation of aliens have required that an alien be `` present in the united states '' to be eligible for legal assistance from an lsc grantee .

In addition , there has been no formal regulation or opinion of the General Counsel 's office regarding the specific scope of the presence requirement .
in addition , there has been no formal [rule] or opinion of the general counsel 's office regarding the specific scope of the presence requirement .

Since 1983 , the Corporation 's appropriations act and its regulation on the representation of aliens have required that an alien be `` present in the United States '' to be eligible for legal assistance from an LSC grantee .
since 1983 , the corporation 's appropriations act and its [rule] on the representation of aliens have required that an alien be `` present in the united states '' to be eligible for legal assistance from an lsc grantee .

HOW THE CLEAR SKIES INITIATIVE WORKS To improve air quality for millions of Americans , the Clear Skies Initiative will adopt the lessons learned from 30 years of environmental regulation by : 1 .
how the clear skies initiative works to improve air quality for millions of americans , the clear skies initiative will adopt the lessons learned from 30 years of environmental [rule] by : 1 .

Based on such a petition , the Administrator may by regulation make affected EGUs subject to the requirement to hold allowances starting the third year after the first year ( starting 2013 ) when the Administrator makes such a determination .
based on such a petition , the administrator may by [rule] make affected egus subject to the requirement to hold allowances starting the third year after the first year ( starting 2013 ) when the administrator makes such a determination .

While the Allowance Tracking System for sulfur dioxide allowances was already established for the Acid Rain Program , the Administrator must , under Section 403 , establish by regulation the Allowance Tracking System for nitrogen oxides allowances .
while the allowance tracking system for sulfur dioxide allowances was already established for the acid rain program , the administrator must , under section 403 , establish by [rule] the allowance tracking system for nitrogen oxides allowances .

While the Allowance Tracking System for sulfur dioxide allowances was already established for the Acid Rain Program , the Administrator must , under section 403 , establish by regulation the Allowance Tracking System for mercury allowances .
while the allowance tracking system for sulfur dioxide allowances was already established for the acid rain program , the administrator must , under section 403 , establish by [rule] the allowance tracking system for mercury allowances .

Maximum Achievable Control Technology The Clear Skies Act revises Section 112 of the Clean Air Act to preclude regulation through maximum achievable control technology ( MACT ) standards of the emission of hazardous air pollutants by electric utility steam generating units .
maximum achievable control technology the clear skies act revises section 112 of the clean air act to preclude [rule] through maximum achievable control technology ( mact ) standards of the emission of hazardous air pollutants by electric utility steam generating units .

The regulation of power generators does not end with existing regulations .
the [rule] of power generators does not end with existing regulations .

It is expected that the existing fine particle and ozone standards now in place will also result in further regulation of power generators .
it is expected that the existing fine particle and ozone standards now in place will also result in further [rule] of power generators .

The savings come from the opportunity to make cost-effective plant investment and retirement decisions with full knowledge of upcoming SO2 , NOx and mercury requirements , rather than investing in `` add-on '' control equipment to meet the requirements of each regulation .
the savings come from the opportunity to make cost-effective plant investment and retirement decisions with full knowledge of upcoming so2 , nox and mercury requirements , rather than investing in `` add-on '' control equipment to meet the requirements of each [rule] .

In addition , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) has determined that the regulation of mercury emissions from coal-fired power plants is appropriate and necessary .
in addition , the u.s. environmental protection agency ( epa ) has determined that the [rule] of mercury emissions from coal-fired power plants is appropriate and necessary .

Since the Clear Skies Act provides much more than 26 months of notice for any mercury control regulation , there should be adequate time for compliance even if some facilities install PJFFs .
since the clear skies act provides much more than 26 months of notice for any mercury control [rule] , there should be adequate time for compliance even if some facilities install pjffs .

AC producers are concentrating increasingly on the Asia-Pacific region to exploit growing markets and take advantage of lower production costs ; reported capacity expansions of over 15,000 tons/yr are all planned for Asia-Pacific and Russia.50 According to Norit , the largest supplier of AC for air pollution control purposes , there is currently adequate excess capacity to accommodate significant growth in the demand ( tens of millions of pounds/yr , or roughly tens of thousands of tons/yr ) .51 However , depending upon how much growth occurs as a result of regulation , additional capacity may be necessary .
ac producers are concentrating increasingly on the asia-pacific region to exploit growing markets and take advantage of lower production costs ; reported capacity expansions of over 15,000 tons/yr are all planned for asia-pacific and russia.50 according to norit , the largest supplier of ac for air pollution control purposes , there is currently adequate excess capacity to accommodate significant growth in the demand ( tens of millions of pounds/yr , or roughly tens of thousands of tons/yr ) .51 however , depending upon how much growth occurs as a result of [rule] , additional capacity may be necessary .

It would take 2-3 years to add a plant ; and this would only be done after a regulation was put in place , the technical advantages of ACI for mercury removal were proven relative to other approaches , and a clear time-line for compliance was mandated.51 Therefore , even if a multipollutant strategy implementation causes a large increase in demand for AC , provided that the timing of compliance was clear and far enough in the future , adequate supply of AC should be assured .
it would take 2-3 years to add a plant ; and this would only be done after a [rule] was put in place , the technical advantages of aci for mercury removal were proven relative to other approaches , and a clear time-line for compliance was mandated.51 therefore , even if a multipollutant strategy implementation causes a large increase in demand for ac , provided that the timing of compliance was clear and far enough in the future , adequate supply of ac should be assured .

These programs include the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for particulate matter and ozone , the section 126 and the NOx SIP Call rules , new source review and new source performance standards , the regional haze rule and mercury regulation as a hazardous air pollutant , among others .
these programs include the national ambient air quality standards for particulate matter and ozone , the section 126 and the nox sip call rules , new source review and new source performance standards , the regional haze rule and mercury [rule] as a hazardous air pollutant , among others .

The revised ozone NAAQS and new PM2.5 NAAQS could lead to further regulation of power plant SO2 emissions ( a precursor to ambient PM2.5 ) and NOx emissions ( both for PM2.5 and ozone attainment strategies ) .
the revised ozone naaqs and new pm2.5 naaqs could lead to further [rule] of power plant so2 emissions ( a precursor to ambient pm2.5 ) and nox emissions ( both for pm2.5 and ozone attainment strategies ) .

Given the conclusions of the Report , the regulation is likely to focus on mercury emissions .
given the conclusions of the report , the [rule] is likely to focus on mercury emissions .

Typically , an analysis will include a baseline scenario that simulates future conditions in the absence of the proposed regulation and one or more control scenarios that simulate conditions under the regulations being evaluated .
typically , an analysis will include a baseline scenario that simulates future conditions in the absence of the proposed [rule] and one or more control scenarios that simulate conditions under the regulations being evaluated .

The benefits of a proposed regulation are then estimated as the difference in benefit outcomes ( e.g. , adverse health effects ) between the control and baseline scenarios .
the benefits of a proposed [rule] are then estimated as the difference in benefit outcomes ( e.g. , adverse health effects ) between the control and baseline scenarios .

For this analysis , the baseline scenarios for 2010 and 2020 assume no additional emissions control regulation beyond the continuing effects of Title IV of the Clean Air Act Amendments , the NOx SIP Call , and other promulgated federal rules issued under the Clean Air Act .
for this analysis , the baseline scenarios for 2010 and 2020 assume no additional emissions control [rule] beyond the continuing effects of title iv of the clean air act amendments , the nox sip call , and other promulgated federal rules issued under the clean air act .

Pollutant Quantified Health Effects Unquantified Health Effects Ozone Minor restricted activity days Hospital admissions-Respiratory and Cardiovascular Emergency room visits for asthma Asthma attacks Mortality Increased airway responsiveness to stimuli Inflammation in the lung Chronic respiratory damage / Premature aging of the lungs Acute inflammation and respiratory cell damage Increased susceptibility to respiratory infection Respiratory symptoms Chronic asthma ( new cases ) Non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits Particulate Matter ( PM10 , PM2.5 ) Chronic Premature Mortality* Acute Premature Mortality ‡* Bronchitis - Chronic and Acute Hospital admissions - Respiratory and Cardiovascular Emergency room visits for asthma Lower and Upper respiratory illness Asthma Attacks Respiratory symptoms Minor restricted activity days** Days of work loss Changes in pulmonary function Neonatal mortality Low birth weight Chronic respiratory diseases other than chronic bronchitis Morphological changes Altered host defense mechanisms Moderate or worse asthma status ( asthmatics ) Shortness of breath Lung cancer Acute myocardial infarction Cardiac arrhythmias School absence days Mercury Neurological disorders Learning disabilities Retarded development Cerebral palsy Cardiovascular effects Altered blood pressure regulation Increased heart rate variability Myocardial infarctions Damage to the immune system Altered renal function and renal hypertrophy Reproductive effects Nitrogen Oxides Respiratory illness Hospital Admissions -All Respiratory and All Cardiovascular Non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits Increased airway responsiveness to stimuli Chronic respiratory damage / Premature aging of the lungs Inflammation of the lung Increased susceptibility to respiratory infection Acute inflammation and respiratory cell damage Sulfur Dioxide Hospital Admissions -All Respiratory and All Cardiovascular In exercising asthmatics : Chest tightness , Shortness of breath , or Wheezing Non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits Changes in pulmonary function Respiratory symptoms in non-asthmatics ‡ Quantified as an alternative or supplemental calculation .
pollutant quantified health effects unquantified health effects ozone minor restricted activity days hospital admissions-respiratory and cardiovascular emergency room visits for asthma asthma attacks mortality increased airway responsiveness to stimuli inflammation in the lung chronic respiratory damage / premature aging of the lungs acute inflammation and respiratory cell damage increased susceptibility to respiratory infection respiratory symptoms chronic asthma ( new cases ) non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits particulate matter ( pm10 , pm2.5 ) chronic premature mortality* acute premature mortality ‡* bronchitis - chronic and acute hospital admissions - respiratory and cardiovascular emergency room visits for asthma lower and upper respiratory illness asthma attacks respiratory symptoms minor restricted activity days** days of work loss changes in pulmonary function neonatal mortality low birth weight chronic respiratory diseases other than chronic bronchitis morphological changes altered host defense mechanisms moderate or worse asthma status ( asthmatics ) shortness of breath lung cancer acute myocardial infarction cardiac arrhythmias school absence days mercury neurological disorders learning disabilities retarded development cerebral palsy cardiovascular effects altered blood pressure [rule] increased heart rate variability myocardial infarctions damage to the immune system altered renal function and renal hypertrophy reproductive effects nitrogen oxides respiratory illness hospital admissions -all respiratory and all cardiovascular non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits increased airway responsiveness to stimuli chronic respiratory damage / premature aging of the lungs inflammation of the lung increased susceptibility to respiratory infection acute inflammation and respiratory cell damage sulfur dioxide hospital admissions -all respiratory and all cardiovascular in exercising asthmatics : chest tightness , shortness of breath , or wheezing non-asthma respiratory emergency room visits changes in pulmonary function respiratory symptoms in non-asthmatics ‡ quantified as an alternative or supplemental calculation .

The EPA believes that well-designed and well-executed CV studies are valid for estimating the benefits of air quality regulation .
the epa believes that well-designed and well-executed cv studies are valid for estimating the benefits of air quality [rule] .

MAJOR UNCERTAINTIES IN BENEFITS ANALYSIS The estimates of avoided health effects , improved visibility , and monetary benefits of the Clear Skies Act are based on a method that reflects peer-reviewed data , models , and approaches that are applied to support EPA rulemakings and generate Reports to Congress on the benefits of air pollution regulation .
major uncertainties in benefits analysis the estimates of avoided health effects , improved visibility , and monetary benefits of the clear skies act are based on a method that reflects peer-reviewed data , models , and approaches that are applied to support epa rulemakings and generate reports to congress on the benefits of air pollution [rule] .

Nothing in this section shall be construed as requiring a change of any kind in any State law regulating electric utility rates and charges or affecting any State law regarding such State regulation or as limiting State regulation ( including any prudency review ) under such a State law .
nothing in this section shall be construed as requiring a change of any kind in any state law regulating electric utility rates and charges or affecting any state law regarding such state [rule] or as limiting state [rule] ( including any prudency review ) under such a state law .

In Postal and Delivery Services : Pricing , Productivity , Regulation and Strategy , edited by M.A .
in postal and delivery services : pricing , productivity , [rule] and strategy , edited by m.a .

In Postal and Delivery Services : Pricing , Productivity , Regulation and Strategy , edited by M.A .
in postal and delivery services : pricing , productivity , [rule] and strategy , edited by m.a .

Cohen , Robert H. , William W. Ferguson , and Spyros S. Xenakis , 1993 , `` Rural Delivery and the Universal Service Obligation : A Quantitative Investigation '' in Regulation and the Nature of Postal and Delivery Services , edited by Michael A .
cohen , robert h. , william w. ferguson , and spyros s. xenakis , 1993 , `` rural delivery and the universal service obligation : a quantitative investigation '' in [rule] and the nature of postal and delivery services , edited by michael a .

Panzar , John , `` Competition , Efficiency , and the Vertical Structure of Postal Services , '' Regulation and the Nature of Postal and Delivery Services , Ed .
panzar , john , `` competition , efficiency , and the vertical structure of postal services , '' [rule] and the nature of postal and delivery services , ed .

Regulation and the Nature of Postal Delivery Services , Ed .
[rule] and the nature of postal delivery services , ed .

In 1976 , Attorney General Edward Levi adopted domestic security guidelines to regulate intelligence collection in the United States and to deflect calls for even stronger regulation .
in 1976 , attorney general edward levi adopted domestic security guidelines to regulate intelligence collection in the united states and to deflect calls for even stronger [rule] .

A longtime FAA security official described the air carriers ' approach to security regulation as `` decry , deny and delay '' and told us that while `` the air carriers had seen the enlightened hand of self-interest with respect to safety , they had n't seen it in the security arena . ''
a longtime faa security official described the air carriers ' approach to security [rule] as `` decry , deny and delay '' and told us that while `` the air carriers had seen the enlightened hand of self-interest with respect to safety , they had n't seen it in the security arena . ''

Others , such as the regulation of money remitters within the United States , were mired in bureaucratic inertia and a general antiregulatory environment .
others , such as the [rule] of money remitters within the united states , were mired in bureaucratic inertia and a general antiregulatory environment .

Other studies , such as some involving neuroimaging using positron emission tomography , have suggested that parts of the brain involved in attention and emotional regulation might be involved in the production of tinnitus .
other studies , such as some involving neuroimaging using positron emission tomography , have suggested that parts of the brain involved in attention and emotional [rule] might be involved in the production of tinnitus .

Gene regulation , intracellular signaling pathways , metabolic networks , developmental programs—the current information deluge is revealing these systems to be so complex that molecular biologists are forced to wrestle with an overtly teleological question : What purpose does all this complexity serve ?
gene [rule] , intracellular signaling pathways , metabolic networks , developmental programs—the current information deluge is revealing these systems to be so complex that molecular biologists are forced to wrestle with an overtly teleological question : what purpose does all this complexity serve ?

A pulse-chase protocol was also used to study post-transcriptional regulation of APP metabolsm by statins ( data not shown ) .
a pulse-chase protocol was also used to study post-transcriptional [rule] of app metabolsm by statins ( data not shown ) .

In our opinion , this molecule is rather unlikely to play a major role in shedding regulation , given the specificity of Munc-13 effects for phorbols and the generalization of the regulated shedding phenomenon to include activation by protein phosphatase inhibitors and neurotransmitters .
in our opinion , this molecule is rather unlikely to play a major role in shedding [rule] , given the specificity of munc-13 effects for phorbols and the generalization of the regulated shedding phenomenon to include activation by protein phosphatase inhibitors and neurotransmitters .

It will now be important to dissect pathways upstream of Rho/ROCK signaling in order to identify the intracellular and intercellular events that participate in Rho/ROCK regulation of α-secretase under physiological and pathological conditions .
it will now be important to dissect pathways upstream of rho/rock signaling in order to identify the intracellular and intercellular events that participate in rho/rock [rule] of α-secretase under physiological and pathological conditions .

Despite this , however , the association of statins and cholesterol levels with activated α-secretase-mediated shedding of the APP ectodomain was unexpected and not readily explicable by existing knowledge regarding regulation of α-secretase activity .
despite this , however , the association of statins and cholesterol levels with activated α-secretase-mediated shedding of the app ectodomain was unexpected and not readily explicable by existing knowledge regarding [rule] of α-secretase activity .

The best characterized regulation of α-secretase processing typically involves protein phosphorylation via PKC [ 5,29 ] or ERKs [ 7 ] or protein dephosphorylation by protein phosphatase 1 or 2A [ 29 ] .
the best characterized [rule] of α-secretase processing typically involves protein phosphorylation via pkc [ 5,29 ] or erks [ 7 ] or protein dephosphorylation by protein phosphatase 1 or 2a [ 29 ] .

Lastly , we have not ameliorated glucose regulation in diabetic animal models with the human IPCs described here .
lastly , we have not ameliorated glucose [rule] in diabetic animal models with the human ipcs described here .

Thus , we did not attempt IPC transplantations in overtly diabetic animals , since prior studies suggest that insulin production at 10 % of normal ( or greater ) may be required to improve glucose regulation in diabetic patients and animal models [ 10,41 ] .
thus , we did not attempt ipc transplantations in overtly diabetic animals , since prior studies suggest that insulin production at 10 % of normal ( or greater ) may be required to improve glucose [rule] in diabetic patients and animal models [ 10,41 ] .

Well-studied examples include the promotion of fruit ripening by ethylene , regulation of the cell cycle by auxin and cytokinin , induction of seed germination and stem elongation by GA , and the maintenance of seed dormancy by ABA .
well-studied examples include the promotion of fruit ripening by ethylene , [rule] of the cell cycle by auxin and cytokinin , induction of seed germination and stem elongation by ga , and the maintenance of seed dormancy by aba .

Common Themes Regulation by proteolysis has emerged as a resounding theme in plant hormone signaling .
common themes [rule] by proteolysis has emerged as a resounding theme in plant hormone signaling .

The hormone promotes the Aux/IAA–TIR1 interaction ; however , the molecular mechanisms behind this regulation are unclear .
the hormone promotes the aux/iaa–tir1 interaction ; however , the molecular mechanisms behind this [rule] are unclear .

Signal Integration and Combinatorial Control Long ago , plant physiologists noted the apparent antagonistic interactions between some of the phytohormones , such as between auxin and cytokinin in the regulation of root–shoot differentiation and between GA and ABA in germination .
signal integration and combinatorial control long ago , plant physiologists noted the apparent antagonistic interactions between some of the phytohormones , such as between auxin and cytokinin in the [rule] of root–shoot differentiation and between ga and aba in germination .

While it has long been obvious that hormones do not function in discrete pathways , but rather exhibit extensive cross-talk and signal integration with each other and with environmental and developmental signaling pathways , the molecular basis for such coordinated regulation has been unclear .
while it has long been obvious that hormones do not function in discrete pathways , but rather exhibit extensive cross-talk and signal integration with each other and with environmental and developmental signaling pathways , the molecular basis for such coordinated [rule] has been unclear .

We hypothesized that the two key opposing hormones in appetite regulation , leptin and ghrelin [ 8,9 ] , play a significant role in the interaction between short sleep duration and high BMI .
we hypothesized that the two key opposing hormones in appetite [rule] , leptin and ghrelin [ 8,9 ] , play a significant role in the interaction between short sleep duration and high bmi .

Given the reversibility of thiol oxidations and the wide range of structural constraints that can be imposed by the formation of a sulfenic or sulfinic acid or a disulfide bond , we predict there will be many more examples of regulation by thiol modification .
given the reversibility of thiol oxidations and the wide range of structural constraints that can be imposed by the formation of a sulfenic or sulfinic acid or a disulfide bond , we predict there will be many more examples of [rule] by thiol modification .

It is intriguing that CD36 expression was not detected in PTECs in diabetic mice with longstanding hyperglycemia in vivo , although underlying mechanisms for the species-dependent differential regulation of CD36 in PTECs in vivo and in vitro between mouse and human remain unclear at this time .
it is intriguing that cd36 expression was not detected in ptecs in diabetic mice with longstanding hyperglycemia in vivo , although underlying mechanisms for the species-dependent differential [rule] of cd36 in ptecs in vivo and in vitro between mouse and human remain unclear at this time .

However , dietary or other unknown environmental factors can not explain the differential CD36 regulation by glucose in human and mouse PTECs .
however , dietary or other unknown environmental factors can not explain the differential cd36 [rule] by glucose in human and mouse ptecs .

However , current lack of understanding of the observed differential regulation between human and mouse does not diminish the translational research significance of our findings , with their clear therapeutic implications .
however , current lack of understanding of the observed differential [rule] between human and mouse does not diminish the translational research significance of our findings , with their clear therapeutic implications .

The proteasome is thus responsible for an important aspect of cellular regulation because the timely and controlled proteolysis of key cellular factors regulates numerous biological processes such as cell cycle , differentiation , stress response , neuronal morphogenesis , cell surface receptor modulation , secretion , DNA repair , transcriptional regulation , long-term memory , circadian rhythms , immune response , and biogenesis of organelles ( Glickman and Ciechanover 2002 ) .
the proteasome is thus responsible for an important aspect of cellular [rule] because the timely and controlled proteolysis of key cellular factors regulates numerous biological processes such as cell cycle , differentiation , stress response , neuronal morphogenesis , cell surface receptor modulation , secretion , dna repair , transcriptional [rule] , long-term memory , circadian rhythms , immune response , and biogenesis of organelles ( glickman and ciechanover 2002 ) .

With so many proteins to target for degradation , the activity of the proteasome is subject to multiple levels of regulation .
with so many proteins to target for degradation , the activity of the proteasome is subject to multiple levels of [rule] .

This revelation adds an all-new enzymatic activity and , with it , an additional layer of regulation to the ubiquitin–proteasome system .
this revelation adds an all-new enzymatic activity and , with it , an additional layer of [rule] to the ubiquitin–proteasome system .

One of the central assumptions of the cleanliness hypothesis is that regulation of immune responses is , at least in part , non-specific .
one of the central assumptions of the cleanliness hypothesis is that [rule] of immune responses is , at least in part , non-specific .

Some answers to my questions began to emerge in a paper written by Baum and Perrimon ( 2001 ) , in which the authors showed the expression and regulation of the actin cytoskeleton and of actin binding proteins in a real epithelium .
some answers to my questions began to emerge in a paper written by baum and perrimon ( 2001 ) , in which the authors showed the expression and [rule] of the actin cytoskeleton and of actin binding proteins in a real epithelium .

The focus must be to understand how all these molecular events and regulation cascades operate in individual cells to contribute to the generation of changes in a whole individual .
the focus must be to understand how all these molecular events and [rule] cascades operate in individual cells to contribute to the generation of changes in a whole individual .

The mechanism linking short sleep with weight gain is unknown , but Mignot and colleagues ' study in this month 's PLoS Medicine [ 3 ] adds to the growing evidence implicating leptin and ghrelin , the two key opposing hormones involved in appetite regulation .
the mechanism linking short sleep with weight gain is unknown , but mignot and colleagues ' study in this month 's plos medicine [ 3 ] adds to the growing evidence implicating leptin and ghrelin , the two key opposing hormones involved in appetite [rule] .

Hormones That Regulate Appetite Leptin , a peptide hormone secreted from white adipocytes , is implicated in the regulation of food intake and energy balance .
hormones that regulate appetite leptin , a peptide hormone secreted from white adipocytes , is implicated in the [rule] of food intake and energy balance .

Quite a variety of intracellular messengers have been proposed to provide the proximate signals in exercising muscles to stimulate activity-dependent gene regulation .
quite a variety of intracellular messengers have been proposed to provide the proximate signals in exercising muscles to stimulate activity-dependent gene [rule] .

Calcineurin and NFAT proteins are abundant in skeletal myofibers , and several lines of evidence support the viewpoint that the calcineurin–NFAT pathway plays a role in mediating activity-dependent gene regulation in muscle [ 25,26,27,28,29,30,31,32,33,34,35,36,37,38,39 ] .
calcineurin and nfat proteins are abundant in skeletal myofibers , and several lines of evidence support the viewpoint that the calcineurin–nfat pathway plays a role in mediating activity-dependent gene [rule] in muscle [ 25,26,27,28,29,30,31,32,33,34,35,36,37,38,39 ] .

Further advances in our understanding of signaling mechanisms that govern activity-dependent gene regulation in skeletal muscle could lead to drugs , gene therapy , or devices that can , at least in part , substitute for daily exercise .
further advances in our understanding of signaling mechanisms that govern activity-dependent gene [rule] in skeletal muscle could lead to drugs , gene therapy , or devices that can , at least in part , substitute for daily exercise .

It has also been suggested that circulating C-reactive protein levels may not reflect all relevant inflammatory effectors , owing to post-transcriptional regulation of C-reactive protein [ 22 ] .
it has also been suggested that circulating c-reactive protein levels may not reflect all relevant inflammatory effectors , owing to post-transcriptional [rule] of c-reactive protein [ 22 ] .

Did the RNAi machinery also generate small RNAs for host gene regulation ?
did the rnai machinery also generate small rnas for host gene [rule] ?

By identifying small RNAs as agents of gene silencing that act at multiple levels throughout the cell , molecular biologists have created a new paradigm for eukaryotic gene regulation .
by identifying small rnas as agents of gene silencing that act at multiple levels throughout the cell , molecular biologists have created a new paradigm for eukaryotic gene [rule] .

In addition to regulation of chemotaxis and homing , other functions have been ascribed to chemokines , including modulation of T cell fate by direct effects on differentiating T cells , and regulation of proteolysis in blood monocytes [ 19,30 ] .
in addition to [rule] of chemotaxis and homing , other functions have been ascribed to chemokines , including modulation of t cell fate by direct effects on differentiating t cells , and [rule] of proteolysis in blood monocytes [ 19,30 ] .

The Ras/MAPK signaling pathway links the motor neurons and signaling systems , coupling excitation and transcription regulation to promote the nerve-dependent induction of the slow program in regenerating muscle ( Murgia et al .
the ras/mapk signaling pathway links the motor neurons and signaling systems , coupling excitation and transcription [rule] to promote the nerve-dependent induction of the slow program in regenerating muscle ( murgia et al .

PGC1-α , a transcriptional coactivator of nuclear receptors important to the regulation of a number of mitochondrial genes involved in oxidative metabolism , directly interacts with MEF2 to synergistically activate selective ST muscle genes and also serves as a target for calcineurin signaling ( Lin et al .
pgc1-α , a transcriptional coactivator of nuclear receptors important to the [rule] of a number of mitochondrial genes involved in oxidative metabolism , directly interacts with mef2 to synergistically activate selective st muscle genes and also serves as a target for calcineurin signaling ( lin et al .

However , hypoxia-mediated HIF-1α responses are also linked to the regulation of mitochondrial dysfunction through the formation of excessive reactive oxygen species in mitochondria .
however , hypoxia-mediated hif-1α responses are also linked to the [rule] of mitochondrial dysfunction through the formation of excessive reactive oxygen species in mitochondria .

The first surprise was that although a highly conserved Sxl homologue exists in Ceratitis , it does not undergo sex-specific regulation similar to that of Drosophila , which suggests that it does not play a key switch role ( Saccone et al .
the first surprise was that although a highly conserved sxl homologue exists in ceratitis , it does not undergo sex-specific [rule] similar to that of drosophila , which suggests that it does not play a key switch role ( saccone et al .

In the case of this gene , clear evidence for sex-specific regulation was found , and as with Drosophila , only females productively splice tra mRNA .
in the case of this gene , clear evidence for sex-specific [rule] was found , and as with drosophila , only females productively splice tra mrna .

It is an ancient mechanism of gene regulation , found in eukaryotes as diverse as yeast and mammals , and probably plays a central role in controlling gene expression in all eukaryotes .
it is an ancient mechanism of gene [rule] , found in eukaryotes as diverse as yeast and mammals , and probably plays a central role in controlling gene expression in all eukaryotes .

Results Induction of Resistin Gene and Protein Expression by Endotoxin Treatment of Human Macrophages The regulation of resistin expression was studied in primary cultures of human monocytic cells .
results induction of resistin gene and protein expression by endotoxin treatment of human macrophages the [rule] of resistin expression was studied in primary cultures of human monocytic cells .

In this manner , the exterior and interior of a cell are physically linked , which allows for bidirectional transmission of mechanical and biochemical signals across the plasma membrane , and leads to a cooperative regulation of cell functions , including adhesion , migration , growth , and differentiation .
in this manner , the exterior and interior of a cell are physically linked , which allows for bidirectional transmission of mechanical and biochemical signals across the plasma membrane , and leads to a cooperative [rule] of cell functions , including adhesion , migration , growth , and differentiation .

Such inside-out regulation of integrin affinity states is distinct from the outside-in signaling observed upon activation of most other transmembrane receptors ( e.g. , growth factor–growth factor receptor interactions ) , including integrins .
such inside-out [rule] of integrin affinity states is distinct from the outside-in signaling observed upon activation of most other transmembrane receptors ( e.g. , growth factor–growth factor receptor interactions ) , including integrins .

Since these original observations , there has been an intensive effort to understand the mechanism for regulation of integrin activation by the cytoplasmic region ( for a recent review , see Hynes 2002 ) .
since these original observations , there has been an intensive effort to understand the mechanism for [rule] of integrin activation by the cytoplasmic region ( for a recent review , see hynes 2002 ) .

It is likely that some of the opportunities will involve genetic engineering approaches , where new information about genes , gene regulation , and plant responses to the environment may be used in innovative ways to fine-tune existing plant varieties so that they utilize resources more efficiently , provide greater nutritional value , or simply taste better .
it is likely that some of the opportunities will involve genetic engineering approaches , where new information about genes , gene [rule] , and plant responses to the environment may be used in innovative ways to fine-tune existing plant varieties so that they utilize resources more efficiently , provide greater nutritional value , or simply taste better .

The dissolution of cohesion is highly regulated ; human cell lines that have defects in the regulation of cohesion show the hallmarks of cancer cells [ 1 ] .
the dissolution of cohesion is highly regulated ; human cell lines that have defects in the [rule] of cohesion show the hallmarks of cancer cells [ 1 ] .

In this issue of PLoS Biology , one of two related papers exploring the regulation of cohesin in vertebrates shows that phosphorylation of Scc3 ( SA2 ) by Polo-like kinase is apparently sufficient to allow dissociation from chromosome arms , which occurs during prophase [ 32 ] .
in this issue of plos biology , one of two related papers exploring the [rule] of cohesin in vertebrates shows that phosphorylation of scc3 ( sa2 ) by polo-like kinase is apparently sufficient to allow dissociation from chromosome arms , which occurs during prophase [ 32 ] .

While one of the primary roles for chromosome cohesion in bi-orientation and mitotic chromosome segregation is well-established , the complexities of the regulation of cohesion are still being discovered .
while one of the primary roles for chromosome cohesion in bi-orientation and mitotic chromosome segregation is well-established , the complexities of the [rule] of cohesion are still being discovered .

Recently , important aspects of the regulation of P-TEFb have been revealed ( Figure 2 ) .
recently , important aspects of the [rule] of p-tefb have been revealed ( figure 2 ) .

Of special interest are questions as to where to place this mechanism of transcriptional regulation in the hierarchy of competing or complementary processes .
of special interest are questions as to where to place this mechanism of transcriptional [rule] in the hierarchy of competing or complementary processes .

How central will the regulation of P-TEFb be to cellular growth , proliferation , and differentiation , and what roles will it play in normal development and disease states ?
how central will the [rule] of p-tefb be to cellular growth , proliferation , and differentiation , and what roles will it play in normal development and disease states ?

The American Chemistry Council has objections to REACH , stating that “ the proposed regulation is burdensome , costly , and impractical ” ( http : //www.accnewsmedia.com/site/page.asp ? TRACKID= & VID=1 & CID=359 & DID=1256 ) .
the american chemistry council has objections to reach , stating that “ the proposed [rule] is burdensome , costly , and impractical ” ( http : //www.accnewsmedia.com/site/page.asp ? trackid= & vid=1 & cid=359 & did=1256 ) .

Competitors and consumer advocates feel AT & T has n't gone far enough and worry that this is a proactive attempt by the company to avoid stricter industry regulation .
competitors and consumer advocates feel at & t has n't gone far enough and worry that this is a proactive attempt by the company to avoid stricter industry [rule] .

Alarmed by the global financial crisis , some leaders , notably Europeans , are pushing for stronger global economic regulation .
alarmed by the global financial crisis , some leaders , notably europeans , are pushing for stronger global economic [rule] .

However , Washington , buoyed by the `` spirit of American capitalism , '' tends to be averse to increased global regulation .
however , washington , buoyed by the `` spirit of american capitalism , '' tends to be averse to increased global [rule] .

The top non-local story at the Washington Post uses the down Dow as backdrop for Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin 's call for stronger regulation of global finance .
the top non-local story at the washington post uses the down dow as backdrop for treasury secretary robert rubin 's call for stronger [rule] of global finance .

For instance , Bradley the Democrat thinks that special-interest money works primarily to prevent the government from passing useful new laws , like health-care reform and regulation of handguns .
for instance , bradley the democrat thinks that special-interest money works primarily to prevent the government from passing useful new laws , like health-care reform and [rule] of handguns .

They are almost textbook examples of bad regulation , which accomplish nothing but putting lots of money in dealers ' pockets .
they are almost textbook examples of bad [rule] , which accomplish nothing but putting lots of money in dealers ' pockets .

The NYT story ends with a VP from PlanetRx.com claiming , predictably , that the new regulation is unnecessary ; the Post does n't talk to any online pharmacy sources .
the nyt story ends with a vp from planetrx.com claiming , predictably , that the new [rule] is unnecessary ; the post does n't talk to any online pharmacy sources .

SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt has been publicly on the attack against selective disclosure for the past 18 months , and yesterday the SEC issued a remarkably measured proposal , Regulation FD , that simply stated in essence that companies would not release any `` material information '' privately .
sec chairman arthur levitt has been publicly on the attack against selective disclosure for the past 18 months , and yesterday the sec issued a remarkably measured proposal , [rule] fd , that simply stated in essence that companies would not release any `` material information '' privately .

Instead of applauding the regulation , Wall Street looks ready to fight it .
instead of applauding the [rule] , wall street looks ready to fight it .

Since markets function best when there 's more information , the market will work less well if Regulation FD is ratified .
since markets function best when there 's more information , the market will work less well if [rule] fd is ratified .

Regulation FD will work , though , only if it 's followed up with a loosening of the rules on the kinds of public statements companies can make without fear of running afoul of either the SEC or minority-shareholder lawsuits .
[rule] fd will work , though , only if it 's followed up with a loosening of the rules on the kinds of public statements companies can make without fear of running afoul of either the sec or minority-shareholder lawsuits .

Republicans advocate regulation of family matters while defending freedom of choice in economic matters .
republicans advocate [rule] of family matters while defending freedom of choice in economic matters .

As Melville pointed out , if a sperm whale can spend more than an hour swimming at depths of up to 6,000 feet , and a sperm whale is composed mostly of gas ( air-filled lungs and blubber ) , then Boyle 's law would dictate that , as Spruch puts it , `` a whale of regulation size at the surface should , at the pressures a thousand fathoms down , decrease its volume to the size of a bathtub ! ''
as melville pointed out , if a sperm whale can spend more than an hour swimming at depths of up to 6,000 feet , and a sperm whale is composed mostly of gas ( air-filled lungs and blubber ) , then boyle 's law would dictate that , as spruch puts it , `` a whale of [rule] size at the surface should , at the pressures a thousand fathoms down , decrease its volume to the size of a bathtub ! ''

He states , `` The question whether regulation of commerce is a state or national affair was supposed to have been settled in 1789 . ''
he states , `` the question whether [rule] of commerce is a state or national affair was supposed to have been settled in 1789 . ''

No regulation ?
no [rule] ?

The question whether regulation of commerce is a state or national affair was supposed to have been settled in 1789 .
the question whether [rule] of commerce is a state or national affair was supposed to have been settled in 1789 .

Like all good Republicans , Steinbrenner 's Yanks buck regulation : When other owners tried to stop Steinbrenner from signing a separate endorsement deal with Adidas , arguing it would undercut the entire league 's endorsement plan , he told them to get lost .
like all good republicans , steinbrenner 's yanks buck [rule] : when other owners tried to stop steinbrenner from signing a separate endorsement deal with adidas , arguing it would undercut the entire league 's endorsement plan , he told them to get lost .

Says campaign finance lawyer Robert F. Bauer , `` This is certainly another large piece of plaster which is falling off the ceiling of campaign finance regulation . ''
says campaign finance lawyer robert f. bauer , `` this is certainly another large piece of plaster which is falling off the ceiling of campaign finance [rule] . ''

Sparring over their role in instigating high-school gun battles , they fell into lock step on one point : God save us from regulation by Bob Barr and Tom DeLay .
sparring over their role in instigating high-school gun battles , they fell into lock step on one point : god save us from [rule] by bob barr and tom delay .

Liquor regulation is a case study in the manipulation of politics by powerful lobbies .
liquor [rule] is a case study in the manipulation of politics by powerful lobbies .

Bored Americans seeking the stimulation of endangerment are participating in more adventure sports , sinking more money into highly speculative stocks , and changing jobs with greater bravado than ever before because traditional risks have been minimized by medicine and government regulation .
bored americans seeking the stimulation of endangerment are participating in more adventure sports , sinking more money into highly speculative stocks , and changing jobs with greater bravado than ever before because traditional risks have been minimized by medicine and government [rule] .

From August 1997 , when that crisis first broke , until this May , when Suharto finally implemented the sharp price increases and subsidy cuts demanded by the International Monetary Fund , these partners were primarily concerned with economic reform -- budget cuts , currency boards , bank regulation , and other technical policy questions .
from august 1997 , when that crisis first broke , until this may , when suharto finally implemented the sharp price increases and subsidy cuts demanded by the international monetary fund , these partners were primarily concerned with economic reform -- budget cuts , currency boards , bank [rule] , and other technical policy questions .

Regulation , control , keeping dope away from minors , and harm-reduction programs become infinitely possible .
[rule] , control , keeping dope away from minors , and harm-reduction programs become infinitely possible .

Language is also a kind of self-regulating system , adjusting system-wide to its users ' needs and whims , and it is also a system in which the users attempt formal and informal kinds of regulation , establishing standards or trying to do so , making judgments about our own language use and that of other people ( in the words of the radio commercial , `` People judge you by the words you use ... '' ) .
language is also a kind of self-regulating system , adjusting system-wide to its users ' needs and whims , and it is also a system in which the users attempt formal and informal kinds of [rule] , establishing standards or trying to do so , making judgments about our own language use and that of other people ( in the words of the radio commercial , `` people judge you by the words you use ... '' ) .

I find that formal attempts at regulation -- language laws and language policies , often fail to achieve their ends , or achieve ends somewhat different from what may have been intended .
i find that formal attempts at [rule] -- language laws and language policies , often fail to achieve their ends , or achieve ends somewhat different from what may have been intended .

I also observed that people used to want schools to be less like prisons , but that now the trend seems to be to make them more like prisons , adding language regulation to crowd control , uniforms , metal detectors , and locker searches .
i also observed that people used to want schools to be less like prisons , but that now the trend seems to be to make them more like prisons , adding language [rule] to crowd control , uniforms , metal detectors , and locker searches .

The only other intellectually honest approach is to advocate wholesale government regulation , a strategy that most agree would be a spectacular failure ( and is a whole 'nother story ) .
the only other intellectually honest approach is to advocate wholesale government [rule] , a strategy that most agree would be a spectacular failure ( and is a whole 'nother story ) .

I have one objection to `` FDA Smoke Rings , '' by Jack Shafer : The regulation of tobacco does n't mean that adults are living in a childproof world .
i have one objection to `` fda smoke rings , '' by jack shafer : the [rule] of tobacco does n't mean that adults are living in a childproof world .

If anything , such a regulation is likely to have the opposite effect .
if anything , such a [rule] is likely to have the opposite effect .

Second , the author takes issue with the regulation that stipulates automatic eligibility for a student loan after age 23 regardless of parental financial status .
second , the author takes issue with the [rule] that stipulates automatic eligibility for a student loan after age 23 regardless of parental financial status .

Class-action lawsuits against tobacco companies have led to regulation and taxation while bypassing the democratic process .
class-action lawsuits against tobacco companies have led to [rule] and taxation while bypassing the democratic process .

After Tuesday 's casino triumphalism , Wednesday is a comedown , eight hours of policy panels on teen gambling , compulsive gambling , gambling regulation , gambling marketing , and gambling credit practices .
after tuesday 's casino triumphalism , wednesday is a comedown , eight hours of policy panels on teen gambling , compulsive gambling , gambling [rule] , gambling marketing , and gambling credit practices .

It will call for heavier regulation of Indian gambling and will probably try to ban or severely regulate Internet gambling , perhaps by forbidding gambling companies from running online casinos .
it will call for heavier [rule] of indian gambling and will probably try to ban or severely regulate internet gambling , perhaps by forbidding gambling companies from running online casinos .

They pay tribute to Nevada 's sophisticated gambling industry , especially its regulation ( much stricter than other gambling states ) and its use of gambling taxes to fund state services .
they pay tribute to nevada 's sophisticated gambling industry , especially its [rule] ( much stricter than other gambling states ) and its use of gambling taxes to fund state services .

It is one of the ironies of Nevada politics that its Republican congressmen ( Jim Gibbons and John Ensign ) end up crediting their state 's success to government regulation and corporate taxation .
it is one of the ironies of nevada politics that its republican congressmen ( jim gibbons and john ensign ) end up crediting their state 's success to government [rule] and corporate taxation .

Democrats , by pushing regulation without acknowledging its costs , are feeding this impossible expectation .
democrats , by pushing [rule] without acknowledging its costs , are feeding this impossible expectation .

This is too bad , because a fight on the merits is exactly the way Americans could make an informed decision about how much HMO regulation they want .
this is too bad , because a fight on the merits is exactly the way americans could make an informed decision about how much hmo [rule] they want .

On animal rights , too , voters cast ballots for more government regulation , choosing to ban cockfighting in Arizona , animal baiting in Missouri , and animal traps and horsemeat sales in California .
on animal rights , too , voters cast ballots for more government [rule] , choosing to ban cockfighting in arizona , animal baiting in missouri , and animal traps and horsemeat sales in california .

While experts explained that this kind of risk is inherent in a complex food-distribution system , editorialists demanded tighter regulation to make sure it never happens again .
while experts explained that this kind of risk is inherent in a complex food-distribution system , editorialists demanded tighter [rule] to make sure it never happens again .

The more important concessions , however , were 1 ) Liggett 's admission that the industry had consciously marketed tobacco to minors ( which will increase congressional support for stiff regulation of the industry ) and 2 ) its release -- temporarily blocked by a North Carolina court -- of documents from strategy meetings among lawyers for the five biggest tobacco companies , which industry critics believe will prove a conspiracy of deceit .
the more important concessions , however , were 1 ) liggett 's admission that the industry had consciously marketed tobacco to minors ( which will increase congressional support for stiff [rule] of the industry ) and 2 ) its release -- temporarily blocked by a north carolina court -- of documents from strategy meetings among lawyers for the five biggest tobacco companies , which industry critics believe will prove a conspiracy of deceit .

The essay takes pains to note that current woes are not the fault of the free market system and that protectionism and regulation are not the answers .
the essay takes pains to note that current woes are not the fault of the free market system and that protectionism and [rule] are not the answers .

A story explains the success of small businesses in the United States : Despite America 's litigiousness , high health-care costs , and excessive regulation ( all less pronounced in Europe ) , American culture encourages risk-taking and backs it with big bucks .
a story explains the success of small businesses in the united states : despite america 's litigiousness , high health-care costs , and excessive [rule] ( all less pronounced in europe ) , american culture encourages risk-taking and backs it with big bucks .

Critics have three main complaints : 1 ) his shoddy economics ( see Paul Krugman in the Washington Post and in Slate ) ; 2 ) his tired prescriptions -- regulation , taxation , and protectionism ; 3 ) his continued bashing of the Federal Reserve Board ( a repetition of the theme of his 799-page Secrets of the Temple ) .
critics have three main complaints : 1 ) his shoddy economics ( see paul krugman in the washington post and in slate ) ; 2 ) his tired prescriptions -- [rule] , taxation , and protectionism ; 3 ) his continued bashing of the federal reserve board ( a repetition of the theme of his 799-page secrets of the temple ) .

Beyond that ( and a bunch of other eye-glazing rules and exceptions to exceptions that will keep federal regulation writers off the dole ) , states are basically free to offer whatever combination of cash and services they think is best .
beyond that ( and a bunch of other eye-glazing rules and exceptions to exceptions that will keep federal [rule] writers off the dole ) , states are basically free to offer whatever combination of cash and services they think is best .

Throughout his political career , he has focused on free-market economic principles : unrestricted trade , low taxes , less government regulation .
throughout his political career , he has focused on free-market economic principles : unrestricted trade , low taxes , less government [rule] .

As is so often the case , a seemingly compassionate government regulation -- enacted with the best of intentions -- has the effect of hurting the very people it was intended to help .
as is so often the case , a seemingly compassionate government [rule] -- enacted with the best of intentions -- has the effect of hurting the very people it was intended to help .

Second , government regulation of paper is clearly needed .
second , government [rule] of paper is clearly needed .

USAT 's follow-up focuses on proposals by Attorney General Janet Reno for more federal gun regulation .
usat 's follow-up focuses on proposals by attorney general janet reno for more federal gun [rule] .

The country is basically being run by global corporations that , aside from their direct economic influence on who gets elected and what they do when they get elected ( a large aside ) , control economic policy by essentially saying to politicians on all levels , federal , state , and local , give us fiscal austerity , low taxes , and less regulation or we a ) will take our jobs elsewhere and b ) wo n't lend you money .
the country is basically being run by global corporations that , aside from their direct economic influence on who gets elected and what they do when they get elected ( a large aside ) , control economic policy by essentially saying to politicians on all levels , federal , state , and local , give us fiscal austerity , low taxes , and less [rule] or we a ) will take our jobs elsewhere and b ) wo n't lend you money .

The WP lead says several Internet firms today will announce actions designed to preempt regulation .
the wp lead says several internet firms today will announce actions designed to preempt [rule] .

Both the NYT and WP run stories on a development sure to be cited in this country by libertarians chafing against proposed Internet regulation : China 's imposition today of stiff fines and prison sentences for distribution or consumption via the Net of `` harmful information , '' defined as that which `` defames government agencies , '' `` impedes public order , '' or `` damages state interests . ''
both the nyt and wp run stories on a development sure to be cited in this country by libertarians chafing against proposed internet [rule] : china 's imposition today of stiff fines and prison sentences for distribution or consumption via the net of `` harmful information , '' defined as that which `` defames government agencies , '' `` impedes public order , '' or `` damages state interests . ''

The Times declares the dramatic $ 368.5 billion tobacco deal , which promised to revolutionize the marketing and regulation of cigarettes when it was proposed three months ago , `` all but dead . ''
the times declares the dramatic $ 368.5 billion tobacco deal , which promised to revolutionize the marketing and [rule] of cigarettes when it was proposed three months ago , `` all but dead . ''

Joining this coalition were anti-smoking activists like Kessler , who thinks of smoking as a `` pediatric disease '' and regulation as the cure .
joining this coalition were anti-smoking activists like kessler , who thinks of smoking as a `` pediatric disease '' and [rule] as the cure .

Fred Barnes , Pat Buchanan ( McLaughlin Group ) , and Krauthammer side with Gates -- government regulation can only bring grief .
fred barnes , pat buchanan ( mclaughlin group ) , and krauthammer side with gates -- government [rule] can only bring grief .

Investigators cautioned that they had few clues to go on , but early speculation focused on : 1 ) the thrust reverser flaw that downed a similar plane in 1991 ; 2 ) recent threats of terrorist attacks against airlines ; and 3 ) inconsistent regulation of foreign carriers ' safety .
investigators cautioned that they had few clues to go on , but early speculation focused on : 1 ) the thrust reverser flaw that downed a similar plane in 1991 ; 2 ) recent threats of terrorist attacks against airlines ; and 3 ) inconsistent [rule] of foreign carriers ' safety .

Anti-tobacco forces fear that the industry will find a way to evade regulation .
anti-tobacco forces fear that the industry will find a way to evade [rule] .

Cigarette historian Richard Kluger praises the deal , saying that FDA regulation of nicotine content is a huge defeat for the industry .
cigarette historian richard kluger praises the deal , saying that fda [rule] of nicotine content is a huge defeat for the industry .

Its high-tech companies display admirable flexibility , reward merit , welcome new ideas , and abhor government regulation .
its high-tech companies display admirable flexibility , reward merit , welcome new ideas , and abhor government [rule] .

A story about the development of HDTV contends that , contrary to laissez-faire dogma , government regulation can help private industry make better products .
a story about the development of hdtv contends that , contrary to laissez-faire dogma , government [rule] can help private industry make better products .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the Clinton administration push for tighter regulation of managed care .
the los angeles times leads with the clinton administration push for tighter [rule] of managed care .

It is n't as easy to summarize federal regulation as it is to summarize federal spending , but the basic point is similar : Most of what the government does is actually serving , not opposing , the public 's will .
it is n't as easy to summarize federal [rule] as it is to summarize federal spending , but the basic point is similar : most of what the government does is actually serving , not opposing , the public 's will .

Ordinarily reasonable people now argue that the business cycle is a trivial matter , unworthy of attention when compared with microeconomic issues like the incentive effects of taxes and regulation .
ordinarily reasonable people now argue that the business cycle is a trivial matter , unworthy of attention when compared with microeconomic issues like the incentive effects of taxes and [rule] .

The Cato Institute is a libertarian think tank noted mostly for its adamant opposition to government regulation .
the cato institute is a libertarian think tank noted mostly for its adamant opposition to government [rule] .

Jobs in France are like apartments in New York City : Those who provide them are subject to detailed regulation by a government that is very solicitous of their occupants .
jobs in france are like apartments in new york city : those who provide them are subject to detailed [rule] by a government that is very solicitous of their occupants .

On the contrary , there seems to be an emerging consensus that what France needs is -- guess what ? -- more regulation .
on the contrary , there seems to be an emerging consensus that what france needs is -- guess what ? -- more [rule] .

It is equally clear that France will not give up its taste for regulation -- indeed , it will surely try to impose that taste on its more market-oriented neighbors , especially Britain .
it is equally clear that france will not give up its taste for [rule] -- indeed , it will surely try to impose that taste on its more market-oriented neighbors , especially britain .

Cloning humans is taken to be either 1 ) a fundamentally evil thing that must be stopped or , at the very least , 2 ) a complex ethical issue that needs legislation and regulation .
cloning humans is taken to be either 1 ) a fundamentally evil thing that must be stopped or , at the very least , 2 ) a complex ethical issue that needs legislation and [rule] .

According to the NYT , congressional victories for the business lobby this past year included : repeal of Depression-era laws preventing banks , securities firms , and insurance concerns from entering one another 's line of business , a five-year extension of the business R & D tax credit , no increase in the minimum wage , no regulation of health-care plans , no campaign finance reform , and no ban on agribusiness mergers .
according to the nyt , congressional victories for the business lobby this past year included : repeal of depression-era laws preventing banks , securities firms , and insurance concerns from entering one another 's line of business , a five-year extension of the business r & d tax credit , no increase in the minimum wage , no [rule] of health-care plans , no campaign finance reform , and no ban on agribusiness mergers .

In addition to making Big Tobacco look even more corrupt than was previously believed , this made it more difficult for Big Tobacco to say that it was n't in the drug business -- a claim it was using to avoid regulation by the FDA .
in addition to making big tobacco look even more corrupt than was previously believed , this made it more difficult for big tobacco to say that it was n't in the drug business -- a claim it was using to avoid [rule] by the fda .

The point of regulation is not merely to protect consumers , but to protect innocent third parties .
the point of [rule] is not merely to protect consumers , but to protect innocent third parties .

To take an example of regulation employed by Murray , consider the 55-mile-per-hour speed limit .
to take an example of [rule] employed by murray , consider the 55-mile-per-hour speed limit .

He says regulation only gets more onerous over time .
he says [rule] only gets more onerous over time .

He does not pander to political reality by accepting large expenditures for national defense , environmental regulation , or publicly funded education .
he does not pander to political reality by accepting large expenditures for national defense , environmental [rule] , or publicly funded education .

These discussions are not doctrinaire , but their general inclination is to favor state intervention , on political grounds , in each of those areas -- that is , to favor restrictions on campaign spending , greater regulation of pornography , and so on .
these discussions are not doctrinaire , but their general inclination is to favor state intervention , on political grounds , in each of those areas -- that is , to favor restrictions on campaign spending , greater [rule] of pornography , and so on .

In the case of speech , Fiss appears to believe that the reason the American public is less enlightened than he would wish it to be concerning matters such as feminism , the rights of homosexuals , and regulation of industry is that people are denied access to the opinions and information that would enlighten them .
in the case of speech , fiss appears to believe that the reason the american public is less enlightened than he would wish it to be concerning matters such as feminism , the rights of homosexuals , and [rule] of industry is that people are denied access to the opinions and information that would enlighten them .

The textbooks are laden with theoretical opportunities for efficiency-promoting interventions by government : taxes , public spending , tariffs , regulation -- you name it .
the textbooks are laden with theoretical opportunities for efficiency-promoting interventions by government : taxes , public spending , tariffs , [rule] -- you name it .

Certainly , many pages are devoted to case studies of various kinds of regulation and deregulation : telecommunications , airlines , finance , health and safety , and more .
certainly , many pages are devoted to case studies of various kinds of [rule] and deregulation : telecommunications , airlines , finance , health and safety , and more .

As the cases pile up , a pattern recurs : The standard method of study , as Kuttner writes , `` usually finds that the cost of regulation outweighs the benefit . ''
as the cases pile up , a pattern recurs : the standard method of study , as kuttner writes , `` usually finds that the cost of [rule] outweighs the benefit . ''

Does Kuttner therefore revise his view that more regulation is usually better than less ?
does kuttner therefore revise his view that more [rule] is usually better than less ?

Again and again , he deems the beneficial effects of heavy regulation to be self-evident .
again and again , he deems the beneficial effects of heavy [rule] to be self-evident .

Faced with an ambiguous statute or regulation , these judges , reared on the common law , too often treat the enacted text as just one more precedent to circumvent .
faced with an ambiguous statute or [rule] , these judges , reared on the common law , too often treat the enacted text as just one more precedent to circumvent .

Changes that would make it less protective of free speech , changes that would make it more invasive of privacy , changes that would make it more susceptible to regulation , changes that would interfere with the free flow of ideas .
changes that would make it less protective of free speech , changes that would make it more invasive of privacy , changes that would make it more susceptible to [rule] , changes that would interfere with the free flow of ideas .

Take the example of regulation .
take the example of [rule] .

Then , as a byproduct of this change , it becomes possible once again for local government to begin to impose regulation on people on the Net , by forcing local servers to condition access based on the features of who people are .
then , as a byproduct of this change , it becomes possible once again for local government to begin to impose [rule] on people on the net , by forcing local servers to condition access based on the features of who people are .

Here again , the point is useful to make but does not get us to the question of the proper approach for understanding the distinctive use and regulation of cyberspace .
here again , the point is useful to make but does not get us to the question of the proper approach for understanding the distinctive use and [rule] of cyberspace .

I think that Larry is trying to reach a larger audience with his book , and to do so , he has to explain why under the influence of commerce , cyberspace is becoming highly regulable for those who do not participate in that commerce , and why the regulation that commerce imposes on those who voluntarily join into it should be a bad thing .
i think that larry is trying to reach a larger audience with his book , and to do so , he has to explain why under the influence of commerce , cyberspace is becoming highly regulable for those who do not participate in that commerce , and why the [rule] that commerce imposes on those who voluntarily join into it should be a bad thing .

The libertarian would talk about externalities , and about minimum regulation to avoid externalities , and about the value of common carriers , and the like .
the libertarian would talk about externalities , and about minimum [rule] to avoid externalities , and about the value of common carriers , and the like .

Here Larry tells us that `` it becomes possible for local governments to begin to impose regulation on people on the Net , by forcing local servers to condition access based on the features of who people are . ''
here larry tells us that `` it becomes possible for local governments to begin to impose [rule] on people on the net , by forcing local servers to condition access based on the features of who people are . ''

The response : More than 1,200 e-mail messages , 99 percent of which opposed regulation .
the response : more than 1,200 e-mail messages , 99 percent of which opposed [rule] .

In so doing , I shall break ranks , however , from those cyberspace devotees who think , on Larry 's account , that cyberspace is unique because its basic structure , or its `` nature , '' rules out of bound any form of effective state regulation .
in so doing , i shall break ranks , however , from those cyberspace devotees who think , on larry 's account , that cyberspace is unique because its basic structure , or its `` nature , '' rules out of bound any form of effective state [rule] .

If Larry wants to call the sum of regulation , public and private , code , so be it .
if larry wants to call the sum of [rule] , public and private , code , so be it .

As a libertarian , I do n't see the net as a safe harbor from government regulation .
as a libertarian , i do n't see the net as a safe harbor from government [rule] .

This makes the whole question of what constitutes regulation a complicated one .
this makes the whole question of what constitutes [rule] a complicated one .

Another way to generate profits is to buy up hospitals cheap -- though regulation and competition have made it harder to lowball purchase prices .
another way to generate profits is to buy up hospitals cheap -- though [rule] and competition have made it harder to lowball purchase prices .

What 's more , piecemeal regulation is bound to fail .
what 's more , piecemeal [rule] is bound to fail .

Banks are able to do this only by abusing a regulation that permits them to cancel a mistaken allocation of IPO shares before the first trading day ends .
banks are able to do this only by abusing a [rule] that permits them to cancel a mistaken allocation of ipo shares before the first trading day ends .

The result is a system with all the vices of both regulation and competition , and few of the virtues of either .
the result is a system with all the vices of both [rule] and competition , and few of the virtues of either .

The tobacconists ' perverse logic held that poisonous products like cigarettes , for which no health claim is made , should fall outside government regulation .
the tobacconists ' perverse logic held that poisonous products like cigarettes , for which no health claim is made , should fall outside government [rule] .

It means that instead of blandly assuming less regulation is better than more or more competition is better than less , you have to study the specifics of each case very carefully .
it means that instead of blandly assuming less [rule] is better than more or more competition is better than less , you have to study the specifics of each case very carefully .

One reason is that the EU meddles in national affairs with intrusive lefty regulation .
one reason is that the eu meddles in national affairs with intrusive lefty [rule] .

Maybe the Tories are right that some of the regulation is excessive , but much of it is n't .
maybe the tories are right that some of the [rule] is excessive , but much of it is n't .

They responded by pushing economic regulation from the state to the federal level .
they responded by pushing economic [rule] from the state to the federal level .

The analogous leap today is from national to supranational regulation .
the analogous leap today is from national to supranational [rule] .

Thus the old left , intentionally or not , is pushing us from national regulation to supranational regulation -- albeit , in this case , a kind of private-sector supranational regulation .
thus the old left , intentionally or not , is pushing us from national [rule] to supranational [rule] -- albeit , in this case , a kind of private-sector supranational [rule] .

The last word a bureaucrat wants to hear from the courts about a new regulation is `` unconstitutional . ''
the last word a bureaucrat wants to hear from the courts about a new [rule] is `` unconstitutional . ''

Some industries embrace voluntary standards as a way to dodge more onerous government regulation .
some industries embrace voluntary standards as a way to dodge more onerous government [rule] .

She rejected my contention that ecological initiatives represent `` the leading postwar triumph for American government , '' and slammed me for using the word `` success '' to describe environmental regulation .
she rejected my contention that ecological initiatives represent `` the leading postwar triumph for american government , '' and slammed me for using the word `` success '' to describe environmental [rule] .

Extrapolating from their usual response to environmental issues , I assume that liberals will want to attack the problem of excessive sexual restraint through coercive regulation .
extrapolating from their usual response to environmental issues , i assume that liberals will want to attack the problem of excessive sexual restraint through coercive [rule] .

As you suggest , his killing spree may turn out to have a spray of policy and business consequences : for gun control , regulation of day trading , the online sector of the financial industry .
as you suggest , his killing spree may turn out to have a spray of policy and business consequences : for gun control , [rule] of day trading , the online sector of the financial industry .

All of the papers predict that tighter day trading regulation , including a closer screening of aspiring traders , is on the way .
all of the papers predict that tighter day trading [rule] , including a closer screening of aspiring traders , is on the way .

The decision is expected to allow more citizen groups to distribute election literature in 2000 without the burden of FEC regulation .
the decision is expected to allow more citizen groups to distribute election literature in 2000 without the burden of fec [rule] .

Most favor forgoing federal regulation at this time in favor of allowing the marketplace to ensure that consumers have a choice of Internet service providers for high-speed Internet services .
most favor forgoing federal [rule] at this time in favor of allowing the marketplace to ensure that consumers have a choice of internet service providers for high-speed internet services .

He still seems to believe that litigation is a substitute for regulation and legislation .
he still seems to believe that litigation is a substitute for [rule] and legislation .

Against a backdrop of fines and sanctions , banks must also report all transactions greater than $ 5,000 whenever a financial institution believes that the information is `` relevant to a possible violation of law or regulation . ''
against a backdrop of fines and sanctions , banks must also report all transactions greater than $ 5,000 whenever a financial institution believes that the information is `` relevant to a possible violation of law or [rule] . ''

Story 2 is about the rise of tobacco litigation and regulation and the gradual financial buckling of evil cigarette companies .
story 2 is about the rise of tobacco litigation and [rule] and the gradual financial buckling of evil cigarette companies .

This tells us about the age of the victim , not of the shooter , but it 's the best rough proxy I 've seen in my professional readings ( I teach a seminar on firearms regulation at UCLA Law School ) .
this tells us about the age of the victim , not of the shooter , but it 's the best rough proxy i 've seen in my professional readings ( i teach a seminar on firearms [rule] at ucla law school ) .

Barring this procedure is also the only regulation of abortion that public-opinion polls say has a majority of support .
barring this procedure is also the only [rule] of abortion that public-opinion polls say has a majority of support .

The Waxman model , deployed when he chaired the health subcommittee of Energy and Commerce , is administrative liberalism : Try to accomplish the same social goals covertly through regulation and mandates .
the waxman model , deployed when he chaired the health subcommittee of energy and commerce , is administrative liberalism : try to accomplish the same social goals covertly through [rule] and mandates .

Whitman and McGreevey battled over what kind of additional regulation would most effectively force a reduction in rates .
whitman and mcgreevey battled over what kind of additional [rule] would most effectively force a reduction in rates .

They are counting on the Supreme Court to reverse its long-standing doctrine on campaign regulation and freedom of speech .
they are counting on the supreme court to reverse its long-standing doctrine on campaign [rule] and freedom of speech .

Though they themselves support government regulation in the moral sphere , populists hate the idea of national power , because to them , national means federal and federal means liberal .
though they themselves support government [rule] in the moral sphere , populists hate the idea of national power , because to them , national means federal and federal means liberal .

McPherson and Bernhard also stretch the bounds of credulity when they suggest that what they 're doing is OK because they 're merely working on a settlement , not on traditional tobacco-industry concerns such as preventing regulation .
mcpherson and bernhard also stretch the bounds of credulity when they suggest that what they 're doing is ok because they 're merely working on a settlement , not on traditional tobacco-industry concerns such as preventing [rule] .

Self-interested money goes to organizations that promote lower taxes and less regulation , two topics on which Heritage is absolutely unflinching .
self-interested money goes to organizations that promote lower taxes and less [rule] , two topics on which heritage is absolutely unflinching .

Gore , she asserts in a lengthy response to a request from Hatch , was raising soft money , which is not covered by the regulation that prohibits solicitations from government buildings .
gore , she asserts in a lengthy response to a request from hatch , was raising soft money , which is not covered by the [rule] that prohibits solicitations from government buildings .

Absent the artificial shortage created by rent regulation , we would either have a bigger place or pay much less for the one we 've got .
absent the artificial shortage created by rent [rule] , we would either have a bigger place or pay much less for the one we 've got .

Modern legislation and regulation are technical and complex .
modern legislation and [rule] are technical and complex .

This white paper is notable for two reasons : The first is that the chief author , who is known ( fairly or otherwise ) for his fondness for heavy regulation , seems to be leaning in a more libertarian direction .
this white paper is notable for two reasons : the first is that the chief author , who is known ( fairly or otherwise ) for his fondness for heavy [rule] , seems to be leaning in a more libertarian direction .

This has led to a dispute between politicians who want to ban human cloning and biotechnology-industry groups , which think cloning regulation should be left to the FDA .
this has led to a dispute between politicians who want to ban human cloning and biotechnology-industry groups , which think cloning [rule] should be left to the fda .

Optimists call it a model of cooperation and prudent regulation .
optimists call it a model of cooperation and prudent [rule] .

The NYT handles this information a little differently in its ( inside ) story on the development , which it runs under the headline , `` Man Behind Doomed Health Plan Wants Minimal Regulation of Net . ''
the nyt handles this information a little differently in its ( inside ) story on the development , which it runs under the headline , `` man behind doomed health plan wants minimal [rule] of net . ''

Slate 's Jacob Weisberg wrote recently about the rumbling between libertarians and Christian conservatives over issues like the regulation of the Internet .
slate 's jacob weisberg wrote recently about the rumbling between libertarians and christian conservatives over issues like the [rule] of the internet .

The Web community has insisted that government regulation of pornographic Web content -- as in last year 's Communications Decency Act -- is unnecessary because software filters can do the job .
the web community has insisted that government [rule] of pornographic web content -- as in last year 's communications decency act -- is unnecessary because software filters can do the job .

Even though the company facilitates actual commerce , it approaches regulation lightly , relying on its users to report on behavior deemed less than `` eBaysian '' .
even though the company facilitates actual commerce , it approaches [rule] lightly , relying on its users to report on behavior deemed less than `` ebaysian '' .

Jonesboro , now Springfield -- are schoolyard shoot-'em-ups the product of inadequate gun regulation or violence on TV ?
jonesboro , now springfield -- are schoolyard shoot-'em-ups the product of inadequate gun [rule] or violence on tv ?

Godzilla , though , wanted a PG-13 rating , which -- by MPAA lore , if not regulation -- limits a movie to one `` fuck . ''
godzilla , though , wanted a pg-13 rating , which -- by mpaa lore , if not [rule] -- limits a movie to one `` fuck . ''

Approved 237 to 186 ( with 51 Republicans breaking party lines to support it ) , the bill would 1 ) Ban unregulated `` soft money '' donations to political parties and 2 ) Restrict `` issue-advocacy ads , '' which sometimes mask their true sponsors and currently skirt regulation .
approved 237 to 186 ( with 51 republicans breaking party lines to support it ) , the bill would 1 ) ban unregulated `` soft money '' donations to political parties and 2 ) restrict `` issue-advocacy ads , '' which sometimes mask their true sponsors and currently skirt [rule] .

The papers all note his appointment of two Communist Party favorites to top government posts , a sure sign of movement towards tighter regulation of markets .
the papers all note his appointment of two communist party favorites to top government posts , a sure sign of movement towards tighter [rule] of markets .

The two accents are used in French to change the value of e , which is the most common vowel in French ( as in English ) and which comes in as many varieties as Campbell 's soup—hence the need for some kind of regulation by diacritical marks .
the two accents are used in french to change the value of e , which is the most common vowel in french ( as in english ) and which comes in as many varieties as campbell 's soup—hence the need for some kind of [rule] by diacritical marks .

The first is a general one : what sort of standardisation or regulation does a community expect or tolerate in the language its broadcasters use ?
the first is a general one : what sort of standardisation or [rule] does a community expect or tolerate in the language its broadcasters use ?

