In covert socialism -- toward which America is moving -- private enterprise retains the ownership title to industries but government thru direct intervention and excessive regulations actually controls them .
in covert socialism -- toward which america is moving -- private enterprise retains the ownership title to industries but government thru direct intervention and excessive [rules] actually controls them .

The very rules and regulations in every city are the primary case of slum conditions .
the very rules and [rules] in every city are the primary case of slum conditions .

But the solution to this dilemma is not the incorporation of the United States into an Atlantic Community or `` economic empire '' , but merely what libertarians like Henry Hazlitt and Ludwig Von Mises have been arguing for years : an end to government regulations , an end to government competition in industry , and a realistic depreciation allowance for industry .
but the solution to this dilemma is not the incorporation of the united states into an atlantic community or `` economic empire '' , but merely what libertarians like henry hazlitt and ludwig von mises have been arguing for years : an end to government [rules] , an end to government competition in industry , and a realistic depreciation allowance for industry .

The main requirement is to be sure the boat is numbered according to the regulations of the state in which the boat will be principally used .
the main requirement is to be sure the boat is numbered according to the [rules] of the state in which the boat will be principally used .

It is always wise to consult your marine dealer , local yacht or boat club secretary , or local law enforcement officers if you are not positive what the regulations are .
it is always wise to consult your marine dealer , local yacht or boat club secretary , or local law enforcement officers if you are not positive what the [rules] are .

Due to the fact that building codes and regulations vary so much throughout the country , the first thing to do is to find out what , if any , they are .
due to the fact that building codes and [rules] vary so much throughout the country , the first thing to do is to find out what , if any , they are .

At the same time check the electrical , plumbing , and sanitary requirements , as well as possible zoning regulations .
at the same time check the electrical , plumbing , and sanitary requirements , as well as possible zoning [rules] .

The Public Service Commission has ruled that this is not a public utility , subject to their many regulations .
the public service commission has ruled that this is not a public utility , subject to their many [rules] .

It has flared up periodically on the front pages of newspapers in communities divided over birth-prevention regulations in municipal hospitals and health and family-welfare agencies .
it has flared up periodically on the front pages of newspapers in communities divided over birth-prevention [rules] in municipal hospitals and health and family-welfare agencies .

Regulations for the Indian trade were made by the Conseil superieure de la Louisiane , and Bienville apparently did not have control of that body .
[rules] for the indian trade were made by the conseil superieure de la louisiane , and bienville apparently did not have control of that body .

The commands are specified by the military regulations ; ;
the commands are specified by the military [rules] ; ;

This organizational network would be of no avail if there were no regulations pertaining to the types of message sent .
this organizational network would be of no avail if there were no [rules] pertaining to the types of message sent .

He is not one to remain more comfortably and unquestioningly within a body of social , cultural , or literary traditions than he was within the traditions -- or possibly the regulations -- governing his tenure in the post office at Oxford , Mississippi , thirty-five years ago .
he is not one to remain more comfortably and unquestioningly within a body of social , cultural , or literary traditions than he was within the traditions -- or possibly the [rules] -- governing his tenure in the post office at oxford , mississippi , thirty-five years ago .

`` We were requested by the Secretary General , as I understand it , to discuss with you such matters as appear to us to be relevant , and we are not of course either a formal group or a committee in the sense of being guided by any rules or regulations of the Secretariat .
`` we were requested by the secretary general , as i understand it , to discuss with you such matters as appear to us to be relevant , and we are not of course either a formal group or a committee in the sense of being guided by any rules or [rules] of the secretariat .

To encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals , the Office of Minerals Exploration ( OME ) of the U.S. Department of the Interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the OME regulations .
to encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals , the office of minerals exploration ( ome ) of the u.s. department of the interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the ome [rules] .

Nineteen states report laws , policies or regulations for assigning state vehicles in lieu of paying mileage allowances .
nineteen states report laws , policies or [rules] for assigning state vehicles in lieu of paying mileage allowances .

Both allowances are governed by conditions and restrictions set forth in detail in the state's Travel Regulations .
both allowances are governed by conditions and restrictions set forth in detail in the state's travel [rules] .

The travel regulations , requirements and procedures governing reimbursement are controlled properly and not overly restrictive .
the travel [rules] , requirements and procedures governing reimbursement are controlled properly and not overly restrictive .

information on foreign and domestic import duties and regulations , licensing , investments , and establishing of branch representatives or plants abroad , and documentary requirements concerning export shipments and arrangements for payment .
information on foreign and domestic import duties and [rules] , licensing , investments , and establishing of branch representatives or plants abroad , and documentary requirements concerning export shipments and arrangements for payment .

The Secretary of the Interior may issue rules and regulations to effectuate the purposes of this Act .
the secretary of the interior may issue rules and [rules] to effectuate the purposes of this act .

Any claimant whose claim is denied , or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim , shall be entitled , under such regulations as the Commission may prescribe , to a hearing before the Commission , or its duly authorized representatives , with respect to such claim .
any claimant whose claim is denied , or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim , shall be entitled , under such [rules] as the commission may prescribe , to a hearing before the commission , or its duly authorized representatives , with respect to such claim .

Such payments , and applications for such payments , shall be made in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe .
such payments , and applications for such payments , shall be made in accordance with such [rules] as the secretary of the treasury may prescribe .

While the regulations formerly required that the hearing officer's report be placed in the registrant's file , this requirement was eliminated in 1952 .
while the [rules] formerly required that the hearing officer's report be placed in the registrant's file , this requirement was eliminated in 1952 .

A unified set of regulations , applicable to all areas , was issued in 1929 , and a complementary series of demographic inquiries in selected areas was instituted at the same time .
a unified set of [rules] , applicable to all areas , was issued in 1929 , and a complementary series of demographic inquiries in selected areas was instituted at the same time .

The regulations require the inscription of each individual ( male or female , adult or child ) on a separate card ( fiche ) .
the [rules] require the inscription of each individual ( male or female , adult or child ) on a separate card ( fiche ) .

Other provisions of the Act empower the Secretary to adopt regulations necessary to carry out its provisions , and he has done so .
other provisions of the act empower the secretary to adopt [rules] necessary to carry out its provisions , and he has done so .

However , the Federal Court held that since the State had accepted the provisions of the Wagner-Peyser Act into its own Code , and presumably therefore also the regulations , it was now a State matter .
however , the federal court held that since the state had accepted the provisions of the wagner-peyser act into its own code , and presumably therefore also the [rules] , it was now a state matter .

The Attorney General of the United States , in considering the power of the Secretary to issue similar regulations under the Wagner-Peyser Act relating to the interstate recruitment of farm workers , has rendered an opinion sustaining his authority .
the attorney general of the united states , in considering the power of the secretary to issue similar [rules] under the wagner-peyser act relating to the interstate recruitment of farm workers , has rendered an opinion sustaining his authority .

The giant electric signs and marquees were lit up for the first time since blackout regulations had been instituted , and the atmosphere was alive with the feeling that victory was just around the corner .
the giant electric signs and marquees were lit up for the first time since blackout [rules] had been instituted , and the atmosphere was alive with the feeling that victory was just around the corner .

Mr. Humphreys says ’ It is a fear , heavier loads on the motorways , people who do n't know regulations .
mr. humphreys says ’ it is a fear , heavier loads on the motorways , people who do n't know [rules] .

He says we have strict rules and regulations and the flying safety committee make sure they 're administered .
he says we have strict rules and [rules] and the flying safety committee make sure they 're administered .

The aircraft at the time were within the regulations which is reinforced by the fact that they crashed well away from the public area .
the aircraft at the time were within the [rules] which is reinforced by the fact that they crashed well away from the public area .

But some boatmen fear the new regulations could destroy their livelihoods .
but some boatmen fear the new [rules] could destroy their livelihoods .

The regulations say there has to be a cell between the seats to absorb the kinetic energy if the bus stops suddenly .
the [rules] say there has to be a cell between the seats to absorb the kinetic energy if the bus stops suddenly .

There they were told that under Transfer of Undertakings regulations , Arkells had no right to dismiss them .
there they were told that under transfer of undertakings [rules] , arkells had no right to dismiss them .

Regulations stipulate they must be able to withstand heat of up to eight hundred and fifty degrees for at least half an hour .
[rules] stipulate they must be able to withstand heat of up to eight hundred and fifty degrees for at least half an hour .

British farmers fear it 's only a matter of time before the new regulations allow such a disease back into Britain , particularly from Eastern Europe .
british farmers fear it 's only a matter of time before the new [rules] allow such a disease back into britain , particularly from eastern europe .

The wooden crosses he said broke church regulations .
the wooden crosses he said broke church [rules] .

But today the Church of England apoligised to the family saying ’ our concern must always be for people before regulations , especially during times of greiving . ’
but today the church of england apoligised to the family saying ’ our concern must always be for people before [rules] , especially during times of greiving . ’

He says the regulations are clear .
he says the [rules] are clear .

The crosses will have to go and the widow knows they break regulations .
the crosses will have to go and the widow knows they break [rules] .

It says wooden crosses as , a temporary mounment are not against Church regulations .
it says wooden crosses as , a temporary mounment are not against church [rules] .

Tonight the Health and Safety executive said it was investigating the fire and added that prior to this incident their ’ information was that the company did n't use materials subject to the Highly Flammable Liquids and Liquified Petroleum Gases Regulations , which impose controls on the use of highly flammable materials in factories . ’
tonight the health and safety executive said it was investigating the fire and added that prior to this incident their ’ information was that the company did n't use materials subject to the highly flammable liquids and liquified petroleum gases [rules] , which impose controls on the use of highly flammable materials in factories . ’

Forest of Dean council say the ramps were too steep , it 'll cost more than £3,000 to build a better ramp across the Palmers garden and regulations insist the Palmers must make a contribution .
forest of dean council say the ramps were too steep , it 'll cost more than £3,000 to build a better ramp across the palmers garden and [rules] insist the palmers must make a contribution .

The stewards say the cars should be fitted with catalytic converters to race … the team reckon they 're not required by the regulations …
the stewards say the cars should be fitted with catalytic converters to race … the team reckon they 're not required by the [rules] …

The effects of rabies are little known in Britain , that 's because we 've been virtually free of the disease since quarantine regulations were introduced in nineteen twenty two .
the effects of rabies are little known in britain , that 's because we 've been virtually free of the disease since quarantine [rules] were introduced in nineteen twenty two .

there 'll be no Jaguars racing at le mans this summer … the Oxfordshire team have pulled out after a row of regulations … reason is there V12s have n't got a chance against the turbos of the porsche and peugeots …
there 'll be no jaguars racing at le mans this summer … the oxfordshire team have pulled out after a row of [rules] … reason is there v12s have n't got a chance against the turbos of the porsche and peugeots …

With fines of up to £5,000 and a maximum 6-month jail sentence , the new regulations mean that some second-hand store owners , could go out of business .
with fines of up to £5,000 and a maximum 6-month jail sentence , the new [rules] mean that some second-hand store owners , could go out of business .

And while store owners may be aware of the new regulations , many shoppers admit they do n't know what to look for when examining furniture .
and while store owners may be aware of the new [rules] , many shoppers admit they do n't know what to look for when examining furniture .

But they 're having to withdraw them all by next week because of a change in European safety regulations .
but they 're having to withdraw them all by next week because of a change in european safety [rules] .

Well if they take you on on the basis that you do n't have to work Sundays , they ca n't change the regulations when you 're working .
well if they take you on on the basis that you do n't have to work sundays , they ca n't change the [rules] when you 're working .

Reasonably , but they 've , they 've got to wear them and they 're not allowed to wear T-shi T-shirts with no sleeves on and , certain rules and regulations for
reasonably , but they 've , they 've got to wear them and they 're not allowed to wear t-shi t-shirts with no sleeves on and , certain rules and [rules] for

Yeah well they said it was rules and regulations
yeah well they said it was rules and [rules]

Al although our college regulations say that , these should be two thousand words or equivalent .
al although our college [rules] say that , these should be two thousand words or equivalent .

Now , the regulations that control that , that decide that are absolutely barmy !
now , the [rules] that control that , that decide that are absolutely barmy !

It 's rules and regulations .
it 's rules and [rules] .

It is splendid news that Mr Smith is able to renounce socialism and even better that Gordon Brown and Tony Blair and even wee Nigel Griffiths are going to pursue the ugly connections between Tory plutocrats and regulations that block the free market .
it is splendid news that mr smith is able to renounce socialism and even better that gordon brown and tony blair and even wee nigel griffiths are going to pursue the ugly connections between tory plutocrats and [rules] that block the free market .

New regulations will require an act of Parliament , but without POs , the industry fears the present rush to increase production , brought about by improved prices , will lead to oversupply in two or three years and another crash — effectively a repetition of events in recent years .
new [rules] will require an act of parliament , but without pos , the industry fears the present rush to increase production , brought about by improved prices , will lead to oversupply in two or three years and another crash — effectively a repetition of events in recent years .

‘ During the imprisonment , Wang Dan and Guo Haifeng observed prison regulations , ’ Xinhua said .
‘ during the imprisonment , wang dan and guo haifeng observed prison [rules] , ’ xinhua said .

Compilation was to begin last April , when the Government had promised to issue regulations .
compilation was to begin last april , when the government had promised to issue [rules] .

She alleged that the faculty then deviated from its regulations when it came to considering her application for exemption from some exams and also on the standard of scholarship it applied to her .
she alleged that the faculty then deviated from its [rules] when it came to considering her application for exemption from some exams and also on the standard of scholarship it applied to her .

The lifting of customs regulations with the establishment of the single European market had left Scotland as the western frontier of Europe , Mr Matheson continued .
the lifting of customs [rules] with the establishment of the single european market had left scotland as the western frontier of europe , mr matheson continued .

In its response to draft Scottish Office regulations on information for parents , the church committee welcomes a significant improvement in schools ' willingness to respond to parents ' needs .
in its response to draft scottish office [rules] on information for parents , the church committee welcomes a significant improvement in schools ' willingness to respond to parents ' needs .

Asked what was in the fresh package , she said repeatedly : ‘ We are looking at a whole range of options which will help unemployed people , in particular long-term unemployed , to keep in touch with the workplace , keep their skills updated and use their time more productively than some of the rules and regulations currently allow . ’
asked what was in the fresh package , she said repeatedly : ‘ we are looking at a whole range of options which will help unemployed people , in particular long-term unemployed , to keep in touch with the workplace , keep their skills updated and use their time more productively than some of the rules and [rules] currently allow . ’

The commissioners made their decision to apply Objective 1 only to areas covered by the regional and islands councils because of regulations requiring funding areas to conform to the French system of prefectures .
the commissioners made their decision to apply objective 1 only to areas covered by the regional and islands councils because of [rules] requiring funding areas to conform to the french system of prefectures .

So just what are the rules , regulations and guidelines governing the depositing of skips on the public highway ?
so just what are the rules , [rules] and guidelines governing the depositing of skips on the public highway ?

Six or eight well-briefed farmers from different areas and different disciplines throughout Scotland should aim to find out how European farmers ae implementing the rules and regulations and how individual governments support their farmers .
six or eight well-briefed farmers from different areas and different disciplines throughout scotland should aim to find out how european farmers ae implementing the rules and [rules] and how individual governments support their farmers .

After a stormy debate in which the proposals came under fire from both sides of the House , MPs voted by 283 to 245 against a Labour call for the Hill Livestock ( Compensatory Allowances ) ( Amendment ) Regulations to be annulled .
after a stormy debate in which the proposals came under fire from both sides of the house , mps voted by 283 to 245 against a labour call for the hill livestock ( compensatory allowances ) ( amendment ) [rules] to be annulled .

Under the regulations , a trust must have a creation price and a cancellation price .
under the [rules] , a trust must have a creation price and a cancellation price .

He said he hoped auctioneers in Cumbria could find a workable system to operate the new regulations .
he said he hoped auctioneers in cumbria could find a workable system to operate the new [rules] .

His department has also been prevented from making an early start on council tax administration because the regulations are incomplete .
his department has also been prevented from making an early start on council tax administration because the [rules] are incomplete .

‘ In this country the safety regulations are very stringent , ’ he said .
‘ in this country the safety [rules] are very stringent , ’ he said .

While cost cutting elsewhere , Wear Valley will give the clubs up to £8,000 apiece to help meet new League ground regulations with the proper proviso that they first raise a similar amount themselves .
while cost cutting elsewhere , wear valley will give the clubs up to £8,000 apiece to help meet new league ground [rules] with the proper proviso that they first raise a similar amount themselves .

However , after changes in the housing benefit regulations , his substantial income had dropped , and he had fallen into arrears with mortgage payments and had been unable to sell the house .
however , after changes in the housing benefit [rules] , his substantial income had dropped , and he had fallen into arrears with mortgage payments and had been unable to sell the house .

Statutory workplace regulations introduced this year require separate accommodation for those choosing to have smoke-free breaks .
statutory workplace [rules] introduced this year require separate accommodation for those choosing to have smoke-free breaks .

He also outlined offsetting increases in National Insurance contributions , a freezing of tax allowances in 1993/4 and savings from a tightening of the regulations surrounding the married couple 's tax allowance .
he also outlined offsetting increases in national insurance contributions , a freezing of tax allowances in 1993/4 and savings from a tightening of the [rules] surrounding the married couple 's tax allowance .

The ministers agreed that regulations governing import prices should be strictly enforced by all member states and that top level talks be held with Russia , Norway and Iceland in the hope of securing an agreement to stabilise the market .
the ministers agreed that [rules] governing import prices should be strictly enforced by all member states and that top level talks be held with russia , norway and iceland in the hope of securing an agreement to stabilise the market .

‘ This is apparently against prison regulations , but little seems to have been done to enforce the rule .
‘ this is apparently against prison [rules] , but little seems to have been done to enforce the rule .

One of the demands of the coal group of MPs is for an end to cheap imports , strict regulations on open-cast extraction and reductions in the import of high-priced French-generated electricity .
one of the demands of the coal group of mps is for an end to cheap imports , strict [rules] on open-cast extraction and reductions in the import of high-priced french-generated electricity .

They can also hold their fire until the regulations implementing the decision are introduced in November or December this year .
they can also hold their fire until the [rules] implementing the decision are introduced in november or december this year .

Jock Houston , secretary of the Borders branch of the Educational Institute of Scotland , said : ‘ Discontinuing or changing the site of a school does require consultation under 1981 regulations .
jock houston , secretary of the borders branch of the educational institute of scotland , said : ‘ discontinuing or changing the site of a school does require consultation under 1981 [rules] .

There are no formal arrangements for temporary closure , but there are rules and regulations when permanent closure is being considered .
there are no formal arrangements for temporary closure , but there are rules and [rules] when permanent closure is being considered .

However , after changes in the housing benefit regulations , his substantial income dropped and he fell into arrears with mortgage payments .
however , after changes in the housing benefit [rules] , his substantial income dropped and he fell into arrears with mortgage payments .

They had been told they did not qualify for 13 weeks ' money under benefit regulations .
they had been told they did not qualify for 13 weeks ' money under benefit [rules] .

‘ Mr [ Ian ] Lang has this issue very much under consideration and will bring forward regulations as soon as possible to make the fitting of wired-in smoke detectors compulsory in all new dwellings which are built . ’
‘ mr [ ian ] lang has this issue very much under consideration and will bring forward [rules] as soon as possible to make the fitting of wired-in smoke detectors compulsory in all new dwellings which are built . ’

The report points out that the timetable for enforcement is so precise that it may not be possible for authorities to process payments received as a result of reminders , in time to comply strictly with the regulations .
the report points out that the timetable for enforcement is so precise that it may not be possible for authorities to process payments received as a result of reminders , in time to comply strictly with the [rules] .

The possibility of a review of the regulations might be of assistance in this respect , ’ Mr Broadfoot states .
the possibility of a review of the [rules] might be of assistance in this respect , ’ mr broadfoot states .

All quoted the MoT regulations introduced on 1 January yet the crack in the test windscreen was less than ten millimetres long , so that it should not have failed the test .
all quoted the mot [rules] introduced on 1 january yet the crack in the test windscreen was less than ten millimetres long , so that it should not have failed the test .

Though the oil company regards it as a fixed installation for which a safety case will have to be prepared under the new regulations administered by the Health and Safety Executive , it has taken the added precaution of having the hull constructed in compliance with rules issued by Lloyds Register of Shipping .
though the oil company regards it as a fixed installation for which a safety case will have to be prepared under the new [rules] administered by the health and safety executive , it has taken the added precaution of having the hull constructed in compliance with rules issued by lloyds register of shipping .

But free choice does not exist within the control systems applied by the European Commission — and it was Brussels that had dictated the direction of its regulations .
but free choice does not exist within the control systems applied by the european commission — and it was brussels that had dictated the direction of its [rules] .

They include faster transaction times with a special ‘ fast cash ’ facility , better privacy from a more recessed touchpad , help for the visually impaired and better access for wheelchair users where planning regulations permit .
they include faster transaction times with a special ‘ fast cash ’ facility , better privacy from a more recessed touchpad , help for the visually impaired and better access for wheelchair users where planning [rules] permit .

‘ And because the transfer rules have still to be approved people who trade quota now are operating completely in the dark as far as ring fences around transfer areas , the siphon or other regulations are concerned . ’
‘ and because the transfer rules have still to be approved people who trade quota now are operating completely in the dark as far as ring fences around transfer areas , the siphon or other [rules] are concerned . ’

And if the 1994-95 regulations confirm that Britain will operate a quota pool system centred on individual companies such as Wiseman Dairies or perhaps even Scottish Pride , most non-producers will be able to bargain with the dairies for the highest price .
and if the 1994-95 [rules] confirm that britain will operate a quota pool system centred on individual companies such as wiseman dairies or perhaps even scottish pride , most non-producers will be able to bargain with the dairies for the highest price .

The developers have already demonstrated their disregard both for the environment and for planning regulations by commencing landscaping and tree-felling operations before the planning application was approved Both the Durham Wildlife Trust and English Nature have expressed concerns regarding the future of this woodland , but have been ignored .
the developers have already demonstrated their disregard both for the environment and for planning [rules] by commencing landscaping and tree-felling operations before the planning application was approved both the durham wildlife trust and english nature have expressed concerns regarding the future of this woodland , but have been ignored .

The new regulations lay down rules concerning aspects such as living space , water supplies , lavatories and lighting .
the new [rules] lay down rules concerning aspects such as living space , water supplies , lavatories and lighting .

He says he will examine press reports before deciding what action to take against Montgomerie , and whether to impose a fine under tour regulations .
he says he will examine press reports before deciding what action to take against montgomerie , and whether to impose a fine under tour [rules] .

The rule changes follow subtle lobbying by many teams worried by the effects of the new regulations introduced without the support of them all .
the rule changes follow subtle lobbying by many teams worried by the effects of the new [rules] introduced without the support of them all .

It seems somewhat incongruous that the official programme contains half a page outlining regulations concerning the ‘ prohibition of alcohol and controlled containers within Murrayfield stadium ’ , while at the same time giving over no less than four pages to the advertising of alcohol .
it seems somewhat incongruous that the official programme contains half a page outlining [rules] concerning the ‘ prohibition of alcohol and controlled containers within murrayfield stadium ’ , while at the same time giving over no less than four pages to the advertising of alcohol .

Under regulations agreed with Durham county council , all traffic will be excluded from Skinnergate and High Row between 10.30am and 4pm .
under [rules] agreed with durham county council , all traffic will be excluded from skinnergate and high row between 10.30am and 4pm .

To combat this trend , a rolling programme of new regulations is being introduced over a three-year period .
to combat this trend , a rolling programme of new [rules] is being introduced over a three-year period .

Managing director Gary McEwan said : ‘ These regulations should eliminate the cowboys .
managing director gary mcewan said : ‘ these [rules] should eliminate the cowboys .

No hygiene regulations like now when everything 's wrapped and wrapped again .
no hygiene [rules] like now when everything 's wrapped and wrapped again .

There are no rules or regulations everything 's up for grabs .
there are no rules or [rules] everything 's up for grabs .

We have very strict financial regulations .
we have very strict financial [rules] .

Speaking at the league 's annual meeting in Walsall , McKeag added : ‘ There was very little detail involved and we are not in a position to investigate in detail a club 's financial situation nor would we be able to impose any sanctions against a club which was not in breach of regulations .
speaking at the league 's annual meeting in walsall , mckeag added : ‘ there was very little detail involved and we are not in a position to investigate in detail a club 's financial situation nor would we be able to impose any sanctions against a club which was not in breach of [rules] .

Such measures place unnecessary and bureaucratic regulations on employers they claim .
such measures place unnecessary and bureaucratic [rules] on employers they claim .

The final source , ‘ Campus Information ’ , accesses job vacancies and theatre programmes , teaching timetables and payscales as well as details of clubs and societies and large University documents such as terms and conditions of employment and Safety Regulations .
the final source , ‘ campus information ’ , accesses job vacancies and theatre programmes , teaching timetables and payscales as well as details of clubs and societies and large university documents such as terms and conditions of employment and safety [rules] .

1891 : Home secretary enabled to issue safety regulations for dangerous trades .
1891 : home secretary enabled to issue safety [rules] for dangerous trades .

In terms of regulations as to permitted forms of investment , investment trusts are only limited by the listing requirements of the Stock Exchange :
in terms of [rules] as to permitted forms of investment , investment trusts are only limited by the listing requirements of the stock exchange :

One of the major differences of the Department of National Savings relative to other financial intermediaries is that it does not hold an asset portfolio to back up liabilities held , and therefore is not constrained by the need to adhere to liquidity , solvency or capital adequacy regulations ( given that funds are backed by the Treasury and are therefore essentially default-free ) .
one of the major differences of the department of national savings relative to other financial intermediaries is that it does not hold an asset portfolio to back up liabilities held , and therefore is not constrained by the need to adhere to liquidity , solvency or capital adequacy [rules] ( given that funds are backed by the treasury and are therefore essentially default-free ) .

Overseas financial institutions often come from a far different system in which rules and regulations are far more explicit , and tend not to be fully conversant with a less transparent form of control as operated by the Bank .
overseas financial institutions often come from a far different system in which rules and [rules] are far more explicit , and tend not to be fully conversant with a less transparent form of control as operated by the bank .

These regulations constitute a cost in that they prevent a larger number of deposits than would otherwise be the case , from being on lent .
these [rules] constitute a cost in that they prevent a larger number of deposits than would otherwise be the case , from being on lent .

Overseas securities markets , particularly those that are at present relatively expensive and illiquid should grow rapidly in the future with convergence of regulations , possibly at the expense of the London International Stock Exchange , as foreign shares traditionally traded in London move to their increasingly sophisticated domestic markets .
overseas securities markets , particularly those that are at present relatively expensive and illiquid should grow rapidly in the future with convergence of [rules] , possibly at the expense of the london international stock exchange , as foreign shares traditionally traded in london move to their increasingly sophisticated domestic markets .

Investor protection legislation overlaps with both prudential and structural regulation in that the investor is in theory protected from financial institutions becoming insolvent through excessive risk-taking and protected from conflicts of interest by separation of types of business , but also extends much further into the manner in which investment business is carried out — the size of commissions , advertising regulations , cold calling etc .
investor protection legislation overlaps with both prudential and structural regulation in that the investor is in theory protected from financial institutions becoming insolvent through excessive risk-taking and protected from conflicts of interest by separation of types of business , but also extends much further into the manner in which investment business is carried out — the size of commissions , advertising [rules] , cold calling etc .

Structural regulations have generally been relaxed in order to allow greater competition for financial services , whilst prudential and investor protection regulations have tended to be tightened up and formalised .
structural [rules] have generally been relaxed in order to allow greater competition for financial services , whilst prudential and investor protection [rules] have tended to be tightened up and formalised .

Notice that the regulations do not intend to stop financial institutions taking on risk , as this is a fundamental part of their activities .
notice that the [rules] do not intend to stop financial institutions taking on risk , as this is a fundamental part of their activities .

Self regulation relies heavily upon the expertise and experience of market practitioners who can formulate rules and regulations that are acceptable to both players and regulators .
self regulation relies heavily upon the expertise and experience of market practitioners who can formulate rules and [rules] that are acceptable to both players and regulators .

Whatever rules and regulations are enforced , no matter how comprehensive , there will always be unscrupulous people who attempt to pervert the rules for their own gains .
whatever rules and [rules] are enforced , no matter how comprehensive , there will always be unscrupulous people who attempt to pervert the rules for their own gains .

Should they be seen as the overall enforcers of the regulations , or should they merely be ombudsmen or watchdogs that only act on customer complaints ?
should they be seen as the overall enforcers of the [rules] , or should they merely be ombudsmen or watchdogs that only act on customer complaints ?

This is a fundamental point because if they are merely to be ombudsmen then the emphasis of ensuring regulations have been adhered to and best advice proffered rests in the first instance heavily upon the customer , and it is up to the customer to complain .
this is a fundamental point because if they are merely to be ombudsmen then the emphasis of ensuring [rules] have been adhered to and best advice proffered rests in the first instance heavily upon the customer , and it is up to the customer to complain .

For example , every railway has complex safety regulations containing an injunction to the effect that ‘ every member of staff , whatever his rank , owes complete obedience to the signals ’ ( Fontgalland 1984 : 52 ) .
for example , every railway has complex safety [rules] containing an injunction to the effect that ‘ every member of staff , whatever his rank , owes complete obedience to the signals ’ ( fontgalland 1984 : 52 ) .

Railway work is governed by complex rules and regulations stemming from the safety and technical requirements of operating the railway network .
railway work is governed by complex rules and [rules] stemming from the safety and technical requirements of operating the railway network .

Previously , collective bargaining had been prohibited , and wages and conditions had been determined by regulations issued by the ministry of labour .
previously , collective bargaining had been prohibited , and wages and conditions had been determined by [rules] issued by the ministry of labour .

The complexity , and at times the ambiguity , of the norms , regulations and negotiated agreements gives plenty of scope for legal action .
the complexity , and at times the ambiguity , of the norms , [rules] and negotiated agreements gives plenty of scope for legal action .

Patterns of registration shift as regulations change , or as previously ‘ marginalized ’ groups , such as married women , become consolidated into the labour force .
patterns of registration shift as [rules] change , or as previously ‘ marginalized ’ groups , such as married women , become consolidated into the labour force .

King 's Regulations .
king 's [rules] .

‘ That 's King 's Regulations .
‘ that 's king 's [rules] .

‘ King 's Regulations be damned , ’ said Tommy .
‘ king 's [rules] be damned , ’ said tommy .

Its conformity with the regulations has never been called into question until now .
its conformity with the [rules] has never been called into question until now .

The 22-strong team building homes for themselves in East Middlesbrough say regulations need to be standardised .
the 22-strong team building homes for themselves in east middlesbrough say [rules] need to be standardised .

The regulations are supposed to tie him down to sailing no more than three miles out to sea and to stay within 15 miles of the harbour .
the [rules] are supposed to tie him down to sailing no more than three miles out to sea and to stay within 15 miles of the harbour .

Extending the regulations to more types of gas appliances including premises using gas from cylinders or garden tanks .
extending the [rules] to more types of gas appliances including premises using gas from cylinders or garden tanks .

They follow a review of existing gas safety regulations .
they follow a review of existing gas safety [rules] .

Extending the regulations to more types of gas appliances including premises using gas from cylinders or garden tanks .
extending the [rules] to more types of gas appliances including premises using gas from cylinders or garden tanks .

They follow a review of existing gas safety regulations .
they follow a review of existing gas safety [rules] .

Regulations allow Mike , who will work with an English commercial manager , to field three foreigners .
[rules] allow mike , who will work with an english commercial manager , to field three foreigners .

Jockey Club stewards ruled there was no breach of racing 's regulations despite the failure of the recall system which reduced the world 's greatest steeplechase to a shambles .
jockey club stewards ruled there was no breach of racing 's [rules] despite the failure of the recall system which reduced the world 's greatest steeplechase to a shambles .

4 years ago , the regulations on stubble-burning were tightened up considerably .
4 years ago , the [rules] on stubble-burning were tightened up considerably .

The Health and Safety Exectuive allegtes that five companies … John Laing Construction andn John Laing Services … the gantry manufacturers Secalt and Tirfor plus the consulting engineering partenrship Flint and Neil knew the gantry was dangerous before the accident and breached regulations under the Health and Safety Act .
the health and safety exectuive allegtes that five companies … john laing construction andn john laing services … the gantry manufacturers secalt and tirfor plus the consulting engineering partenrship flint and neil knew the gantry was dangerous before the accident and breached [rules] under the health and safety act .

New home office regulations mean that by pooling their resources the new East Midlands Air Support Unit can afford the latest and most powerful model on the market .
new home office [rules] mean that by pooling their resources the new east midlands air support unit can afford the latest and most powerful model on the market .

Under the regulations the national flag must be on a vertical pole .
under the [rules] the national flag must be on a vertical pole .

Access requirements : regulations outlined
access requirements : [rules] outlined

He said the regulations did not apply to the whole building , only to the alterations carried out .
he said the [rules] did not apply to the whole building , only to the alterations carried out .

The architect at Stanley Racing was advised that the shop was infringing the regulations , and he requested a relaxation .
the architect at stanley racing was advised that the shop was infringing the [rules] , and he requested a relaxation .

The chief officer pointed out : ‘ In circumstances where it would prove uneconomic to apply the full rigours of building regulations , it is reasonable for the council to grant relaxations . ’
the chief officer pointed out : ‘ in circumstances where it would prove uneconomic to apply the full rigours of building [rules] , it is reasonable for the council to grant relaxations . ’

‘ That is the main purpose of the relaxation facility being incorporated in building regulations , ’ he added .
‘ that is the main purpose of the relaxation facility being incorporated in building [rules] , ’ he added .

Mr Dumigan explained that building regulations are administered by district councils through their Building Control Departments .
mr dumigan explained that building [rules] are administered by district councils through their building control departments .

The regulations also apply to new buildings and alterations and extensions of existing buildings .
the [rules] also apply to new buildings and alterations and extensions of existing buildings .

The brush does n't comply with electrical regulations , because it has insufficient insulation .
the brush does n't comply with electrical [rules] , because it has insufficient insulation .

Cherwell Council is now trying to close the kennels under planning regulations .
cherwell council is now trying to close the kennels under planning [rules] .

Shops selling fireworks are visited by fire officers to make sure they 're complying with safety regulations .
shops selling fireworks are visited by fire officers to make sure they 're complying with safety [rules] .

They 've entered the sport for the fun of it . Probably because it is a bit of a risk but they know full well what their doing , the rules and regulations
they 've entered the sport for the fun of it . probably because it is a bit of a risk but they know full well what their doing , the rules and [rules]

Much of the skill is knowing when to apply the regulations .
much of the skill is knowing when to apply the [rules] .

Tewkesbury Borough Council says it has a duty to uphold planning regulations .
tewkesbury borough council says it has a duty to uphold planning [rules] .

And Department of the Environment officials have agreed to the extra statutory payment , under the Local Government Superannuation Regulations .
and department of the environment officials have agreed to the extra statutory payment , under the local government superannuation [rules] .

The regulations — intended to see off slum landlords — now insist on minimum standards for safety features such as fire escapes , firedoors and hygiene and toilet facilities in any rented property with more than five tenants .
the [rules] — intended to see off slum landlords — now insist on minimum standards for safety features such as fire escapes , firedoors and hygiene and toilet facilities in any rented property with more than five tenants .

To complicate matters further , the flats have now been given planning approval , but major work needs still to be done to meet building regulations , work which they , as the owners , must pay for .
to complicate matters further , the flats have now been given planning approval , but major work needs still to be done to meet building [rules] , work which they , as the owners , must pay for .

There are regulations governing the safety of toys , which are tested to see if they will fit into a tube the width of a child 's throat .
there are [rules] governing the safety of toys , which are tested to see if they will fit into a tube the width of a child 's throat .

What is their reason for not complying with these regulations ?
what is their reason for not complying with these [rules] ?

It 's clear that the majority of not only motorists but other road users , pedestrians , cyclists , bus passengers do feel that there are serious problems in urban areas , that they do need to be tackled and that one major thing that 's necessary is better enforcement of existing regulations , particularly in two areas : one , drivers that drive badly and cause danger to others and secondly , the inconsiderate parker .
it 's clear that the majority of not only motorists but other road users , pedestrians , cyclists , bus passengers do feel that there are serious problems in urban areas , that they do need to be tackled and that one major thing that 's necessary is better enforcement of existing [rules] , particularly in two areas : one , drivers that drive badly and cause danger to others and secondly , the inconsiderate parker .

Well you obviously welcome all of these regulations , and this added burden on your services , but is n't that going to stretch your already over-stretched services too much ?
well you obviously welcome all of these [rules] , and this added burden on your services , but is n't that going to stretch your already over-stretched services too much ?

Fifty thousand went to America last year , the stricter regulations there have switched attention to Israel , which expects three quarters of a million in the next five years .
fifty thousand went to america last year , the stricter [rules] there have switched attention to israel , which expects three quarters of a million in the next five years .

We discovered that , unfortunately , our stores do not have the facilities to comply with health and safety regulations relating to hot food .
we discovered that , unfortunately , our stores do not have the facilities to comply with health and safety [rules] relating to hot food .

One area of special concern is the European Community 's regulations on construction design and management , due to come into force next January .
one area of special concern is the european community 's [rules] on construction design and management , due to come into force next january .

He cited better building regulations on houses and the move to gas-fired power stations as far more effective ways of reducing the use of fossil fuels .
he cited better building [rules] on houses and the move to gas-fired power stations as far more effective ways of reducing the use of fossil fuels .

‘ Deregulation ’ means many things to many people , but is generally , if inaccurately , understood to imply that the conditions of free competition within a perfect market are created through the removal of controls , regulations , so that the consumer eventually benefits from the advantages offered by the more efficient low cost producer and the withdrawal of the inefficient .
‘ deregulation ’ means many things to many people , but is generally , if inaccurately , understood to imply that the conditions of free competition within a perfect market are created through the removal of controls , [rules] , so that the consumer eventually benefits from the advantages offered by the more efficient low cost producer and the withdrawal of the inefficient .

Since the Hillsborough disaster , English clubs have had to adhere to safety regulations that are more stringent that anything else in the world , let alone Europe .
since the hillsborough disaster , english clubs have had to adhere to safety [rules] that are more stringent that anything else in the world , let alone europe .

Four charges under the food labelling regulations alleged the name used for the products was not sufficiently precise to tell a buyer of the true nature of the food .
four charges under the food labelling [rules] alleged the name used for the products was not sufficiently precise to tell a buyer of the true nature of the food .

The early kerosene market was dominated by the American Standard Oil Company and Marcus Samuel realised the potential of Black Sea oil as a rival but had to design a new tanker to overcome stringent safety regulations operated by the Suez Canal .
the early kerosene market was dominated by the american standard oil company and marcus samuel realised the potential of black sea oil as a rival but had to design a new tanker to overcome stringent safety [rules] operated by the suez canal .

There is , of course , great responsibility on GPs to ensure that safety regulations affecting dangerous fluids are scrupulously observed .
there is , of course , great responsibility on gps to ensure that safety [rules] affecting dangerous fluids are scrupulously observed .

But two North Wales MPs estimate that around 150 regular fishermen could be affected by the regulations .
but two north wales mps estimate that around 150 regular fishermen could be affected by the [rules] .

The union added : ‘ Management have to spend £50,000 in the near future to comply with fire regulations .
the union added : ‘ management have to spend £50,000 in the near future to comply with fire [rules] .

Until the abolition of exchange controls in 1979 , the Bank of England was also responsible for the enforcement of the exchange control regulations .
until the abolition of exchange controls in 1979 , the bank of england was also responsible for the enforcement of the exchange control [rules] .

To require all its new plants to be built to standards that will meet the regulations it can reasonably anticipate in the most environmentally demanding country in which it operates that process .
to require all its new plants to be built to standards that will meet the [rules] it can reasonably anticipate in the most environmentally demanding country in which it operates that process .

To land : are conventionally defined by national regulations as requiring special treatments or disposal procedures .
to land : are conventionally defined by national [rules] as requiring special treatments or disposal procedures .

Ensuring that all the necessary environmental rules and regulations are met is also Mike 's responsibility , so close liaison with official organisations is another aspect of his daily workload , as is organising and ensuring routine waste monitoring and , if a problem crops up , resolving it .
ensuring that all the necessary environmental rules and [rules] are met is also mike 's responsibility , so close liaison with official organisations is another aspect of his daily workload , as is organising and ensuring routine waste monitoring and , if a problem crops up , resolving it .

SSDs could face intensified pressure on their budgets as a result of new health and safety regulations , Clywyd director John Jevons has warned .
ssds could face intensified pressure on their budgets as a result of new health and safety [rules] , clywyd director john jevons has warned .

Social security ministers are to face strong pressure to review community care regulations which will restrict benefits to elderly people in residential care .
social security ministers are to face strong pressure to review community care [rules] which will restrict benefits to elderly people in residential care .

The regulations , which will affect new care home residents after April , mean those residents who go in to hospital for treatment will receive the new ‘ residential allowance ’ for only six days .
the [rules] , which will affect new care home residents after april , mean those residents who go in to hospital for treatment will receive the new ‘ residential allowance ’ for only six days .

And The Spastics Society warned the regulations could cause chaos because each resident 's order book would have to be returned to the Benefits Agency for every absence in excess of six days , which would occur frequently .
and the spastics society warned the [rules] could cause chaos because each resident 's order book would have to be returned to the benefits agency for every absence in excess of six days , which would occur frequently .

Government legislation and economic policy may affect a firm 's pricing and credit policy and often there are regulations concerning products , promotions , etc .
government legislation and economic policy may affect a firm 's pricing and credit policy and often there are [rules] concerning products , promotions , etc .

When establishing a subsidiary , local legal and taxation regulations must make it possible to set up a profitable subsidiary and allow the parent company to extract profits from the country .
when establishing a subsidiary , local legal and taxation [rules] must make it possible to set up a profitable subsidiary and allow the parent company to extract profits from the country .

Is that your reading ? That 's not your regulations you have to read is it ?
is that your reading ? that 's not your [rules] you have to read is it ?

but there are sort of rules and regulations
but there are sort of rules and [rules]

The greatest benefit in having a national society , however , arises from the fact that although amateur radio is a hobby it is governed by national and international regulations which define not only the radio communication modes which can be used , and the nature of the communications allowed , but also the frequencies allocated to amateurs .
the greatest benefit in having a national society , however , arises from the fact that although amateur radio is a hobby it is governed by national and international [rules] which define not only the radio communication modes which can be used , and the nature of the communications allowed , but also the frequencies allocated to amateurs .

The provision of permanent waters led everywhere to overgrazing and consequent soil erosion , and veterinary quarantine regulations which interfered with the free movement of cattle both within and into and out of the reserves almost certainly contributed to the spread of tsetse fly which occurred during the colonial period .
the provision of permanent waters led everywhere to overgrazing and consequent soil erosion , and veterinary quarantine [rules] which interfered with the free movement of cattle both within and into and out of the reserves almost certainly contributed to the spread of tsetse fly which occurred during the colonial period .

The implications of this will be considered later when the ability of transnational corporations to shape new legislation relating to corporate activities is discussed ; this ability clearly enables corporations to prevent some of the avoidable deaths , injuries , and economic deprivation they cause from being included in new administrative regulations or criminal laws .
the implications of this will be considered later when the ability of transnational corporations to shape new legislation relating to corporate activities is discussed ; this ability clearly enables corporations to prevent some of the avoidable deaths , injuries , and economic deprivation they cause from being included in new administrative [rules] or criminal laws .

Rather they represent the rational choices of high-ranking employees , acting in the corporation 's interests , to intend directly to violate the criminal law or governmental regulations , or to be indifferent to the outcome of their action or inaction , even though it might result in human lives obliterated , bodies mangled , or life-savings lost .
rather they represent the rational choices of high-ranking employees , acting in the corporation 's interests , to intend directly to violate the criminal law or governmental [rules] , or to be indifferent to the outcome of their action or inaction , even though it might result in human lives obliterated , bodies mangled , or life-savings lost .

But in this contradiction between productivity and safety , between speed and conformity to regulations , which does the corporation prioritize ?
but in this contradiction between productivity and safety , between speed and conformity to [rules] , which does the corporation prioritize ?

Environmental uncertainties for a corporation are so numerous as to defy classification , but none the less , there are five important sources of problems which potentially interfere with a corporation 's ability to achieve its goal(s) easily without bending , evading , or breaking legal regulations . These sources are :
environmental uncertainties for a corporation are so numerous as to defy classification , but none the less , there are five important sources of problems which potentially interfere with a corporation 's ability to achieve its goal(s) easily without bending , evading , or breaking legal [rules] . these sources are :

Governments — extending regulations to cover more corporate activities either through new laws or tougher enforcement of existing laws ;
governments — extending [rules] to cover more corporate activities either through new laws or tougher enforcement of existing laws ;

Yet despite the potential and actual harmful consequences of the failure to comply with factory regulations , the pattern of enforcement does not deter .
yet despite the potential and actual harmful consequences of the failure to comply with factory [rules] , the pattern of enforcement does not deter .

In other words , many executives in firms experiencing economic difficulties and who know from experience that the inspectorate mainly imposes administrative sanctions will calculate that their best interests lie in not conforming to factory health , safety , and welfare regulations ; instead they will gather their excuses and get on with the violations .
in other words , many executives in firms experiencing economic difficulties and who know from experience that the inspectorate mainly imposes administrative sanctions will calculate that their best interests lie in not conforming to factory health , safety , and welfare [rules] ; instead they will gather their excuses and get on with the violations .

The point of this fracture between regulation broken and its consequences is that it facilitates corporate crime ; executives need only concern themselves with the likelihood of being leniently punished for breaking regulations , whilst ignoring its consequences for the law does not concern itself with the consequences either .
the point of this fracture between regulation broken and its consequences is that it facilitates corporate crime ; executives need only concern themselves with the likelihood of being leniently punished for breaking [rules] , whilst ignoring its consequences for the law does not concern itself with the consequences either .

That is , they may choose to export , say , plants emitting too much ( illegal ) pollution , or manufacturing processes where the labour costs are legally maintained at a ‘ high ’ level , or products banned for safety reasons , to other countries where pollution laws , legal wage levels , and product safety regulations are all less stringent .
that is , they may choose to export , say , plants emitting too much ( illegal ) pollution , or manufacturing processes where the labour costs are legally maintained at a ‘ high ’ level , or products banned for safety reasons , to other countries where pollution laws , legal wage levels , and product safety [rules] are all less stringent .

Under new regulations it will run on thinner tyres than the 18inch wide version used this season .
under new [rules] it will run on thinner tyres than the 18inch wide version used this season .

Standing Room Only researchers can find no rules or regulations to block Newbon 's revolutionary plan .
standing room only researchers can find no rules or [rules] to block newbon 's revolutionary plan .

Chairman Eddie Slinger said : ‘ The committee took the view that there had been a deliberate and flagrant breach of Board regulations which Mr Lamb admitted were designed not only for the benefit of the Board but all registered cricketers .
chairman eddie slinger said : ‘ the committee took the view that there had been a deliberate and flagrant breach of board [rules] which mr lamb admitted were designed not only for the benefit of the board but all registered cricketers .

Under the Child Minders Regulations Act of 1948 a person caring for reward for one or more children under five years of age to whom they are not related is required to be registered with the local authority .
under the child minders [rules] act of 1948 a person caring for reward for one or more children under five years of age to whom they are not related is required to be registered with the local authority .

Entry and visa regulations are particular to individual countries , so for details contact their embassies in this country .
entry and visa [rules] are particular to individual countries , so for details contact their embassies in this country .

Pat Black , Cumbria 's director of education , warns : ‘ We are forced into working outside statutory regulations . ’
pat black , cumbria 's director of education , warns : ‘ we are forced into working outside statutory [rules] . ’

Owner San Yau Wong and his son Wai both admitted breaching food regulations .
owner san yau wong and his son wai both admitted breaching food [rules] .

Doug , 60 , was chatting about food regulations to a town hall environmental officer when he chummily addressed him as Richard .
doug , 60 , was chatting about food [rules] to a town hall environmental officer when he chummily addressed him as richard .

For the owner has just been fined £32,000 by a court for breaking health regulations .
for the owner has just been fined £32,000 by a court for breaking health [rules] .

Official building regulations specify a mix of one measure of cement to six of sand .
official building [rules] specify a mix of one measure of cement to six of sand .

This was embodied in the Brussels Code of 1874 and the Regulations of the 1907 Hague Convention in the general rule that ‘ Belligerents have not got an unlimited right as to the choice of means of injuring the enemy ’ .
this was embodied in the brussels code of 1874 and the [rules] of the 1907 hague convention in the general rule that ‘ belligerents have not got an unlimited right as to the choice of means of injuring the enemy ’ .

The conventions say little or nothing about actual combat , and were seen as supplementary to the 1907 Hague Regulations , which remained in force .
the conventions say little or nothing about actual combat , and were seen as supplementary to the 1907 hague [rules] , which remained in force .

This shift is considered to have generated a crisis in law and legal ideology for under bureaucratic administrative regulations law has increasingly become a means of implementing programmes of action to advance political goals which are identified in terms of the public interest .
this shift is considered to have generated a crisis in law and legal ideology for under bureaucratic administrative [rules] law has increasingly become a means of implementing programmes of action to advance political goals which are identified in terms of the public interest .

( c ) European legislation Unlike United Kingdom delegated legislation , European legislation , the most typical example of which is regulations made by the Council of Ministers or ( informally ) the Commission of the European Community , enjoys the force of law within the United Kingdom without any parliamentary endorsement other than the general authorisation conferred by the European Communities Act 1972 ( see pp.136–7 below ) .
( c ) european legislation unlike united kingdom delegated legislation , european legislation , the most typical example of which is [rules] made by the council of ministers or ( informally ) the commission of the european community , enjoys the force of law within the united kingdom without any parliamentary endorsement other than the general authorisation conferred by the european communities act 1972 ( see pp.136–7 below ) .

The commonest label attached to such instruments is ‘ regulations ’ but there is nothing magical in names .
the commonest label attached to such instruments is ‘ [rules] ’ but there is nothing magical in names .

The most powerful potential weapon in Parliament 's hands remains its control over clauses enabling regulations to be made in the first place .
the most powerful potential weapon in parliament 's hands remains its control over clauses enabling [rules] to be made in the first place .

regulations of the Council of Ministers , guided by the Commission , is directly effective without further action by Parliament .
[rules] of the council of ministers , guided by the commission , is directly effective without further action by parliament .

‘ Regulations ’ are directly applicable within each member state without more ado ; ‘ directives ’ require member states to attain specified ends but leave the means of attainment to the individual member state .
‘ [rules] ’ are directly applicable within each member state without more ado ; ‘ directives ’ require member states to attain specified ends but leave the means of attainment to the individual member state .

The Council formally makes the more important regulations and directives ; otherwise legislation is in substance a function of the Commission .
the council formally makes the more important [rules] and directives ; otherwise legislation is in substance a function of the commission .

Those who give up their employment to care for a disabled relative may also have their pension rights protected by the Home Responsibilities Protection Regulations which came into effect in April 1978 .
those who give up their employment to care for a disabled relative may also have their pension rights protected by the home responsibilities protection [rules] which came into effect in april 1978 .

Both syndicat s retained their separate titles , policies and regulations and continued to control their own destinies , the Union merely providing a co-operating and co-ordinating service which enabled all négociants in the trade to be represented should the need arise .
both syndicat s retained their separate titles , policies and [rules] and continued to control their own destinies , the union merely providing a co-operating and co-ordinating service which enabled all négociants in the trade to be represented should the need arise .

The vine is unimportant , but how and why its cultivation still persists in Champagne must be fascinating to anyone who has ever been intrigued by the curiously eclectic attitude to rules and regulations often displayed by the French .
the vine is unimportant , but how and why its cultivation still persists in champagne must be fascinating to anyone who has ever been intrigued by the curiously eclectic attitude to rules and [rules] often displayed by the french .

Who are these people still growing Gamay in Champagne and why do they want to continue ? According to the regulations currently in force a grower would have to satisfy the following conditions in order to cultivate the Gamay today :
who are these people still growing gamay in champagne and why do they want to continue ? according to the [rules] currently in force a grower would have to satisfy the following conditions in order to cultivate the gamay today :

If the regulations are being enforced , and there is no reason to believe they are not , then bearing in mind that most growers own less than one hectare of vines , there still must be quite a few of these stubborn old vignerons around .
if the [rules] are being enforced , and there is no reason to believe they are not , then bearing in mind that most growers own less than one hectare of vines , there still must be quite a few of these stubborn old vignerons around .

When Patrick Forbes proffered such divisions in his excellent work Champagne it had no bearing on the regulations .
when patrick forbes proffered such divisions in his excellent work champagne it had no bearing on the [rules] .

… use physical measures in support of legal and statutory regulations in order to overcome the lack of enforcement of such measures as speed limits , one-way streets and turning prohibitions .
… use physical measures in support of legal and statutory [rules] in order to overcome the lack of enforcement of such measures as speed limits , one-way streets and turning prohibitions .

… reducing drastically the speeds of vehicles in residential areas both by means of traffic regulations and by appropriate changes in road design ;
… reducing drastically the speeds of vehicles in residential areas both by means of traffic [rules] and by appropriate changes in road design ;

In these early days the Germans very much followed the Dutch leads ; indeed the regulations introduced in 1980 for restraining traffic in residential roads were a straight translation of those adopted in the Netherlands ' Woonerven .
in these early days the germans very much followed the dutch leads ; indeed the [rules] introduced in 1980 for restraining traffic in residential roads were a straight translation of those adopted in the netherlands ' woonerven .

To ensure shortest-path routes for cyclists and to increase their safety and comfort , cycle traffic can be permitted to deviate from existing traffic regulations .
to ensure shortest-path routes for cyclists and to increase their safety and comfort , cycle traffic can be permitted to deviate from existing traffic [rules] .

Nevertheless , central control of the elementary school curriculum was maintained through a succession of codes and it was not until 1936 that these regulations were changed in a way that left responsibility for ‘ a suitable curriculum and syllabus with due regard to the organisation and circumstances of the school ’ in the hands of teachers .
nevertheless , central control of the elementary school curriculum was maintained through a succession of codes and it was not until 1936 that these [rules] were changed in a way that left responsibility for ‘ a suitable curriculum and syllabus with due regard to the organisation and circumstances of the school ’ in the hands of teachers .

The Secretary of State has made regulations specifying teachers ' contractual obligations ; a comprehensive list of duties ; he has decided to scrap the long-established machinery in which teachers ' pay and conditions were negotiated and has assumed temporary powers to determine these himself ; and he has introduced a national curriculum .
the secretary of state has made [rules] specifying teachers ' contractual obligations ; a comprehensive list of duties ; he has decided to scrap the long-established machinery in which teachers ' pay and conditions were negotiated and has assumed temporary powers to determine these himself ; and he has introduced a national curriculum .

Even then it was found impossible to make more than rough estimates of overseas investment despite regulations concerning disclosure and the remittance of profits .
even then it was found impossible to make more than rough estimates of overseas investment despite [rules] concerning disclosure and the remittance of profits .

The recently announced moratorium on new health promotion clinics has put a temporary brake on applications , but it seems probable that the new regulations from next April will encompass stress clinics , although within a cash limited total .
the recently announced moratorium on new health promotion clinics has put a temporary brake on applications , but it seems probable that the new [rules] from next april will encompass stress clinics , although within a cash limited total .

The regulations do , however , include the various objectives , procedures and rights of the people involved .
the [rules] do , however , include the various objectives , procedures and rights of the people involved .

‘ The fundamental purpose of investigating accidents under these Regulations shall be to determine the circumstances and causes of the accident with a view to the preservation of life and the avoidance of accidents in the future ; it is not the purpose to apportion blame or liability . ’
‘ the fundamental purpose of investigating accidents under these [rules] shall be to determine the circumstances and causes of the accident with a view to the preservation of life and the avoidance of accidents in the future ; it is not the purpose to apportion blame or liability . ’

The regulations state specifically that such investigations shall be held in private , and this sometimes leads to misunderstanding .
the [rules] state specifically that such investigations shall be held in private , and this sometimes leads to misunderstanding .

The draftees of the regulations foresaw the possibility of misgivings with the inspector 's investigation so they incorporated a number of safeguards which would , they hoped , ensure fair play .
the draftees of the [rules] foresaw the possibility of misgivings with the inspector 's investigation so they incorporated a number of safeguards which would , they hoped , ensure fair play .

The regulations then stipulate that before a report is submitted to the Secretary of State the inspector conducting the investigation shall inform everyone whose reputation is , in the inspector 's opinion , likely to be adversely affected by the report , inviting them to make representations , i.e .
the [rules] then stipulate that before a report is submitted to the secretary of state the inspector conducting the investigation shall inform everyone whose reputation is , in the inspector 's opinion , likely to be adversely affected by the report , inviting them to make representations , i.e .

All these activities require a substantial bureaucracy to ensure that the licences and certificates are kept up to date and to enforce the regulations .
all these activities require a substantial bureaucracy to ensure that the licences and certificates are kept up to date and to enforce the [rules] .

However , experience demonstrated to accident investigators and to officials responsible for drawing up regulations governing flight recorders that access to the recordings of many previous flights was not a critical factor , though it was most desirable to examine the recording of the flight immediately prior to an accident flight .
however , experience demonstrated to accident investigators and to officials responsible for drawing up [rules] governing flight recorders that access to the recordings of many previous flights was not a critical factor , though it was most desirable to examine the recording of the flight immediately prior to an accident flight .

The regulations governing the investigation of aircraft accidents had been unchanged since 1969 .
the [rules] governing the investigation of aircraft accidents had been unchanged since 1969 .

The necessary changes involved a number of definitions in the Regulations being brought into line with those contained in the latest ( 6th Edition ) of Annex 13 .
the necessary changes involved a number of definitions in the [rules] being brought into line with those contained in the latest ( 6th edition ) of annex 13 .

Regulations said that instructors must go up periodically , but he was always glad when they touched down .
[rules] said that instructors must go up periodically , but he was always glad when they touched down .

The changes in Codes , Standards and the New Building Regulations are essential material for architects and engineers .
the changes in codes , standards and the new building [rules] are essential material for architects and engineers .

Of all the things filling an architect 's mind , the new Building Regulations are probably among the least interesting .
of all the things filling an architect 's mind , the new building [rules] are probably among the least interesting .

Environmental concerns have resulted in the new Regulations ; specifying Pilkinsulation is all you have to do to satisfy them .
environmental concerns have resulted in the new [rules] ; specifying pilkinsulation is all you have to do to satisfy them .

• Suitable for use in conjunction with European Profiles ' Insulation systems , thus providing leak proof membrane combined with insulation to meet current Building Regulations .
• suitable for use in conjunction with european profiles ' insulation systems , thus providing leak proof membrane combined with insulation to meet current building [rules] .

This was an honorary and part-time position , but it enabled him to do his most effective and lasting work in Ireland , inspiring and helping the provost , after a period of political disruption , to revise the Statutes , establish regulations for degrees , appoint new staff and design new courses .
this was an honorary and part-time position , but it enabled him to do his most effective and lasting work in ireland , inspiring and helping the provost , after a period of political disruption , to revise the statutes , establish [rules] for degrees , appoint new staff and design new courses .

The event , which should last about 30 days , will be run to International Classic Rally regulations , with entry restricted to pre-1969 models .
the event , which should last about 30 days , will be run to international classic rally [rules] , with entry restricted to pre-1969 models .

Rigzin Choenyi , Choenyi Lhamo , Sonam Choedron , Konchak Drolma , Tibetan nuns aged between 22 and 29 , were detained in 1989 for ‘ breaking martial law regulations ’ by shouting slogans in favour of Tibetan independence from China .
rigzin choenyi , choenyi lhamo , sonam choedron , konchak drolma , tibetan nuns aged between 22 and 29 , were detained in 1989 for ‘ breaking martial law [rules] ’ by shouting slogans in favour of tibetan independence from china .

He mentioned the regulations regarding the blackout and the carrying of gas-masks , and Mr Thatcher , the tall ginger-haired father of the twin girls and their dark-haired sister , spoke about the procedure of action during an air raid .
he mentioned the [rules] regarding the blackout and the carrying of gas-masks , and mr thatcher , the tall ginger-haired father of the twin girls and their dark-haired sister , spoke about the procedure of action during an air raid .

‘ Blackout regulations . ’
‘ blackout [rules] . ’

There are , as Mr Osborne states , few regulations covering hospital operation or the minimum necessary equipment required .
there are , as mr osborne states , few [rules] covering hospital operation or the minimum necessary equipment required .

This Committee met on a regular basis , made rules and regulations administered charitable funds financed by a tax levied on imports , paid the expenses and salary of a chaplain , physician and surgeon , awarded pensions , buried paupers , assisted shipwrecked mariners and paid the passages of destitute persons stranded in Madeira .
this committee met on a regular basis , made rules and [rules] administered charitable funds financed by a tax levied on imports , paid the expenses and salary of a chaplain , physician and surgeon , awarded pensions , buried paupers , assisted shipwrecked mariners and paid the passages of destitute persons stranded in madeira .

Many air regulations stipulate a maximum flying height of 60m ( 196ft ) , which can be exceeded by permit ( Chapter Ten ) .
many air [rules] stipulate a maximum flying height of 60m ( 196ft ) , which can be exceeded by permit ( chapter ten ) .

Moreover , the bureaucratic regulations imposed by the service are inappropriate to radio .
moreover , the bureaucratic [rules] imposed by the service are inappropriate to radio .

If the Carrier agrees to accept Dangerous Goods for carriage such goods must be accompanied by a full declaration of their nature and contents and be properly and safely packed and labelled in accordance with any statutory regulations for the time being in force for carriage by road .
if the carrier agrees to accept dangerous goods for carriage such goods must be accompanied by a full declaration of their nature and contents and be properly and safely packed and labelled in accordance with any statutory [rules] for the time being in force for carriage by road .

Unless you specialize in this form of road transport , you are likely to fall outside the strict confines of statutory regulations .
unless you specialize in this form of road transport , you are likely to fall outside the strict confines of statutory [rules] .

This is a legal minefield , and infringement of the regulations can lead to severe penalties , both civil and criminal .
this is a legal minefield , and infringement of the [rules] can lead to severe penalties , both civil and criminal .

Similarly , when new Construction and Use Regulations were introduced on 1 August 1986 , the haulier had another driver training task to undertake .
similarly , when new construction and use [rules] were introduced on 1 august 1986 , the haulier had another driver training task to undertake .

While this book has concentrated on domestic rules applying to haulage operations , the sinking of the Herald of Free Enterprise off Zeebrugge harbour on the night of 6th March , 1987 , reminds the haulier that international rules and regulations covering compensation claims can seem very legalistic and not entirely reasonable .
while this book has concentrated on domestic rules applying to haulage operations , the sinking of the herald of free enterprise off zeebrugge harbour on the night of 6th march , 1987 , reminds the haulier that international rules and [rules] covering compensation claims can seem very legalistic and not entirely reasonable .

The Consumer Credit ( Cancellation Notices and Copies of Documents ) Regulations 1983 apply .
the consumer credit ( cancellation notices and copies of documents ) [rules] 1983 apply .

Full details appear in the Schedule to the Consumer Credit ( Settlement Information ) Regulations 1983 .
full details appear in the schedule to the consumer credit ( settlement information ) [rules] 1983 .

The case of Percy and Another v Smith illustrates the problem of keeping within the strict requirements of construction and use regulations .
the case of percy and another v smith illustrates the problem of keeping within the strict requirements of construction and use [rules] .

Orwell Transport 's case concerns the tachograph regulations which are frequently infringed , deliberately and unwittingly .
orwell transport 's case concerns the tachograph [rules] which are frequently infringed , deliberately and unwittingly .

In this particular case there was no detriment to road safety as matters turned out , but nonetheless that is the context in which these regulations must be considered .
in this particular case there was no detriment to road safety as matters turned out , but nonetheless that is the context in which these [rules] must be considered .

In the case of dangerous goods , there are complicated and frequently changing regulations on classification , labelling and packing , but the rewards make expansion into this specialist area of operation extremely worthwhile .
in the case of dangerous goods , there are complicated and frequently changing [rules] on classification , labelling and packing , but the rewards make expansion into this specialist area of operation extremely worthwhile .

The state did its utmost to accommodate the companies , in the early days imposing no environmental regulations on their operations , and allowing the export of both unprocessed metals and untaxed profits .
the state did its utmost to accommodate the companies , in the early days imposing no environmental [rules] on their operations , and allowing the export of both unprocessed metals and untaxed profits .

From the point of view of the environmental impact of mining , if the state was prepared to allow the mining companies to export their profits tax-free , it certainly was not going to try and impose expensive pollution control , environmental and reclamation regulations on their operations .
from the point of view of the environmental impact of mining , if the state was prepared to allow the mining companies to export their profits tax-free , it certainly was not going to try and impose expensive pollution control , environmental and reclamation [rules] on their operations .

Also ‘ in the view of many ex-workers there was a lax attitude to health and safety regulations ’ .
also ‘ in the view of many ex-workers there was a lax attitude to health and safety [rules] ’ .

One day later the Ringaskiddy residents announced that they intended going to the High Court to seek an order enforcing the asbestos dumping regulations .
one day later the ringaskiddy residents announced that they intended going to the high court to seek an order enforcing the asbestos dumping [rules] .

Not because the decision in Spain weighed on him , but because while Niki 's Ferrari continued to perform with unfailing reliability , his own car , due to minute adjustments to accommodate new regulations , was turning into a pig : proof once again that even the tiniest changes in a car can gravely affect its performance and that it is the smallest defects that are the hardest to detect .
not because the decision in spain weighed on him , but because while niki 's ferrari continued to perform with unfailing reliability , his own car , due to minute adjustments to accommodate new [rules] , was turning into a pig : proof once again that even the tiniest changes in a car can gravely affect its performance and that it is the smallest defects that are the hardest to detect .

, for army regulations did not deal with the issue of such things to an unattached missionary .
, for army [rules] did not deal with the issue of such things to an unattached missionary .

If a case clearly invites you to redesign a kitchen because the existing layout does n't conform to the food hygiene regulations and you miss this , then obviously you should n't get as many marks as someone who has spotted it .
if a case clearly invites you to redesign a kitchen because the existing layout does n't conform to the food hygiene [rules] and you miss this , then obviously you should n't get as many marks as someone who has spotted it .

The first duty of the master was to govern and control the institution ( subject to the direction of the management committee ) and 'cause to be obeyed ’ all the relevant regulations .
the first duty of the master was to govern and control the institution ( subject to the direction of the management committee ) and 'cause to be obeyed ’ all the relevant [rules] .

His argument met with the response that the regulations applied irrespective of his contribution . )
his argument met with the response that the [rules] applied irrespective of his contribution . )

William Warden was appointed porter to the infirmary ; the regulations stated that he was to have bread and cheese for breakfast .
william warden was appointed porter to the infirmary ; the [rules] stated that he was to have bread and cheese for breakfast .

After instruction in the regulations of the ‘ prison ’ the volunteers were placed in it for nearly a week , and their reactions and behaviour observed .
after instruction in the [rules] of the ‘ prison ’ the volunteers were placed in it for nearly a week , and their reactions and behaviour observed .

On the one hand , they proposed the creation of a press/media where no regulations restrained freedoms and , on the other hand , they pointed to the undesirable nature of regulations .
on the one hand , they proposed the creation of a press/media where no [rules] restrained freedoms and , on the other hand , they pointed to the undesirable nature of [rules] .

Each of these areas impacts directly or indirectly on the structures and regulations surrounding the media , on the work of the media , and on its degrees of freedom .
each of these areas impacts directly or indirectly on the structures and [rules] surrounding the media , on the work of the media , and on its degrees of freedom .

via health and safety regulations ; it subsidizes foods and housing , for example , and it provides a range of services such as health and education .
via health and safety [rules] ; it subsidizes foods and housing , for example , and it provides a range of services such as health and education .

But one would still need regulations or policies ‘ to prevent monopolistic concentration ’ and a ‘ common carrier ’ obligation imposed upon owners of transmission equipment .
but one would still need [rules] or policies ‘ to prevent monopolistic concentration ’ and a ‘ common carrier ’ obligation imposed upon owners of transmission equipment .

Yet because they are aware of the nature of market forces , they are willing to consider regulations which would prevent anti-competitive practices and restrictions on access to the means of communications .
yet because they are aware of the nature of market forces , they are willing to consider [rules] which would prevent anti-competitive practices and restrictions on access to the means of communications .

Other regulations deal with such things as questions of public taste and decency , the proportion of foreign programmes permitted on air and the extent of permissible foreign ownership in British commercial television ( and radio ) companies .
other [rules] deal with such things as questions of public taste and decency , the proportion of foreign programmes permitted on air and the extent of permissible foreign ownership in british commercial television ( and radio ) companies .

Also , in the wake of the Maxwell disaster , the government has published regulations restricting self-investment by occupational pension funds to 5 per cent ( a transitional period is allowed in some cases to give schemes time to reduce any existing self-investment ) .
also , in the wake of the maxwell disaster , the government has published [rules] restricting self-investment by occupational pension funds to 5 per cent ( a transitional period is allowed in some cases to give schemes time to reduce any existing self-investment ) .

Fourth , American government regulations protecting the privacy of the individual became significantly more stringent in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
fourth , american government [rules] protecting the privacy of the individual became significantly more stringent in the late 1960s and early 1970s .

The source of the demand for legal services lies in the proliferation of laws and regulations promulgated from a variety of sources , and the simultaneous waning of belief in the determinacy of legal doctrine .
the source of the demand for legal services lies in the proliferation of laws and [rules] promulgated from a variety of sources , and the simultaneous waning of belief in the determinacy of legal doctrine .

Rollin quotes some biblical examples of regulations which , as he quaintly puts it , ‘ bespeak an eloquent awareness of the status of animals as ends in themselves ’ ( 52 ) .
rollin quotes some biblical examples of [rules] which , as he quaintly puts it , ‘ bespeak an eloquent awareness of the status of animals as ends in themselves ’ ( 52 ) .

Certainly the spirit of the legal provisions for such unfortunates is onerous in its detail and wide in application , extending even to strict regulations covering the proper treatment of human corpses .
certainly the spirit of the legal provisions for such unfortunates is onerous in its detail and wide in application , extending even to strict [rules] covering the proper treatment of human corpses .

If the strict regulations in most western countries governing the transportation , temporary holding , and eventual killing of farm animals , were more effectively policed , and often inadequately staffed inspectorates brought up to required strength , then mistreatment could be all but abolished .
if the strict [rules] in most western countries governing the transportation , temporary holding , and eventual killing of farm animals , were more effectively policed , and often inadequately staffed inspectorates brought up to required strength , then mistreatment could be all but abolished .

Although there are now strict regulations governing wood cutting and kerosene is sold at the entrance of the park for cooking , Hillary explains ‘ Lots of people tempt the Sherpas offering money for wooden fires .
although there are now strict [rules] governing wood cutting and kerosene is sold at the entrance of the park for cooking , hillary explains ‘ lots of people tempt the sherpas offering money for wooden fires .

So taking the overall position of Scripture on this matter , it is clear there is no Biblical set of rules and regulations for divorce and remarriage as such .
so taking the overall position of scripture on this matter , it is clear there is no biblical set of rules and [rules] for divorce and remarriage as such .

It is possible to build a new flue , either inside or outside , but there will be certain regulations to comply with .
it is possible to build a new flue , either inside or outside , but there will be certain [rules] to comply with .

You will have to get Building Regulations approval , and you may need planning permission if you 're going to add an external chimney .
you will have to get building [rules] approval , and you may need planning permission if you 're going to add an external chimney .

Discipline regulations were considered too strict , with few individual rights and freedoms .
discipline [rules] were considered too strict , with few individual rights and freedoms .

In Shanghai at the Teachers ' University , new regulations issued on 10 November made it obligatory for students to do physical exercises before classes .
in shanghai at the teachers ' university , new [rules] issued on 10 november made it obligatory for students to do physical exercises before classes .

Just in case they did not heed these articles , the Beijing Public Security Bureau issued the ‘ Ten Article Regulations ’ on 26 December in an effort to deter student protests .
just in case they did not heed these articles , the beijing public security bureau issued the ‘ ten article [rules] ’ on 26 december in an effort to deter student protests .

The regulations were intended to prevent the sort of scenes witnessed in Shanghai which had been broadcast across the world .
the [rules] were intended to prevent the sort of scenes witnessed in shanghai which had been broadcast across the world .

It is important to find out the regulations in the local authority concerned .
it is important to find out the [rules] in the local authority concerned .

Booth ( 1985 ) identified that there are likely to be multiple regimes in local authority homes , with very frail residents likely to be more bound by regulations than more active alert people .
booth ( 1985 ) identified that there are likely to be multiple regimes in local authority homes , with very frail residents likely to be more bound by [rules] than more active alert people .

The regulations for private residential homes in Northern Ireland are contained in the Health and Personal Social Services ( Northern Ireland ) Order ( 1972 ) , and the Health and Personal Social Services ( Registration of Homes ) Regulations ( Northern Ireland ) ( 1973 ) .
the [rules] for private residential homes in northern ireland are contained in the health and personal social services ( northern ireland ) order ( 1972 ) , and the health and personal social services ( registration of homes ) [rules] ( northern ireland ) ( 1973 ) .

Captain Duncan McAllister of the Royal Signals has been ordered to resign from his post because his affair with soldier Susan Christie broke Queen 's Regulations .
captain duncan mcallister of the royal signals has been ordered to resign from his post because his affair with soldier susan christie broke queen 's [rules] .

This occurs when markets , previously served by the public sector monopolies and governed by regulations , are opened up to competition from the private sector .
this occurs when markets , previously served by the public sector monopolies and governed by [rules] , are opened up to competition from the private sector .

Liberalisation and deregulation measures are designed to stimulate competition , to improve the working of the market mechanism and to remove unnecessary regulations or controls .
liberalisation and deregulation measures are designed to stimulate competition , to improve the working of the market mechanism and to remove unnecessary [rules] or controls .

However , in its 1989 Economic Policy Review Labour committed itself only to renationalising British Telecom and the water industry , as well as tightening regulations on privatised monopolies .
however , in its 1989 economic policy review labour committed itself only to renationalising british telecom and the water industry , as well as tightening [rules] on privatised monopolies .

One of the problems facing him was that one can not simply set up any experiment in a public building ; health and safety regulations have to be obeyed .
one of the problems facing him was that one can not simply set up any experiment in a public building ; health and safety [rules] have to be obeyed .

The exact wording of these regulations varies from place to place and , having retired from Southampton , he was freer to do ‘ way out research ’ .
the exact wording of these [rules] varies from place to place and , having retired from southampton , he was freer to do ‘ way out research ’ .

League regulations do not permit us to pay any money on behalf of Vinnie , except what is in his contract .
league [rules] do not permit us to pay any money on behalf of vinnie , except what is in his contract .

But the shame of Barnet 's book-keeping , which breached various League regulations , was dwarfed by the conduct of Flashman — self-styled king of the touts — either side of the six-hour meeting .
but the shame of barnet 's book-keeping , which breached various league [rules] , was dwarfed by the conduct of flashman — self-styled king of the touts — either side of the six-hour meeting .

The three-man commission — League president Gordon McKeag , Bury chairman Terry Robinson and Lincoln chairman John Reames — said in a statement : ‘ Barnet have been found guilty of a number of breaches of Football League regulations , mainly in connection with the keeping of proper books of account and players ' contracts .
the three-man commission — league president gordon mckeag , bury chairman terry robinson and lincoln chairman john reames — said in a statement : ‘ barnet have been found guilty of a number of breaches of football league [rules] , mainly in connection with the keeping of proper books of account and players ' contracts .

The north London club 's preparations were far from ideal , entering the game just 48 hours after they had been fined £50,000 for a breach of League regulations and chairman Stan Flashman had been involved in a scuffle with photographers at the London hearing .
the north london club 's preparations were far from ideal , entering the game just 48 hours after they had been fined £50,000 for a breach of league [rules] and chairman stan flashman had been involved in a scuffle with photographers at the london hearing .

The 26-year-old striker later claimed he had picked up a groin injury but then breached club regulations and widened the rift with Wilkinson by failing to turn up for training or treatment on Monday and Tuesday .
the 26-year-old striker later claimed he had picked up a groin injury but then breached club [rules] and widened the rift with wilkinson by failing to turn up for training or treatment on monday and tuesday .

And a steady relaxation of regulations and the increasing of the maximum investment have made them even more popular .
and a steady relaxation of [rules] and the increasing of the maximum investment have made them even more popular .

Wearing his trademark baseball cap , he was dressed in blazer , casual trousers and , as required by the club 's regulations , a tie .
wearing his trademark baseball cap , he was dressed in blazer , casual trousers and , as required by the club 's [rules] , a tie .

Never to volunteer for anything , for instance ; to keep her bedspace clean and tidy ; never , ever , to forget the eleventh commandment , Thou shall not get found out ; and if you were prepared to agree that every word of King 's Regulations was Holy Writ and accepted that leave was a privilege and not a right , then life in the Navy need n't be all that bad .
never to volunteer for anything , for instance ; to keep her bedspace clean and tidy ; never , ever , to forget the eleventh commandment , thou shall not get found out ; and if you were prepared to agree that every word of king 's [rules] was holy writ and accepted that leave was a privilege and not a right , then life in the navy need n't be all that bad .

But where the defect or fault should have been detected during normal maintenance , this would not constitute a defence and there would probably be an offence under the appropriate Construction and Use Regulations .
but where the defect or fault should have been detected during normal maintenance , this would not constitute a defence and there would probably be an offence under the appropriate construction and use [rules] .

Regulation 103 Motor Vehicle ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 , and section 42 Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 103 motor vehicle ( construction and use ) [rules] 1986 , and section 42 road traffic act 1988

The Motor Vehicles ( Tests ) regulations 1981 exempt among other motor vehicles most public service vehicles ; goods vehicles of an unladen weight exceeding 1525 kg ( about 30 cwts ) ( other than dual purpose vehicles ) ; articulated vehicles ; when submitting a vehicle for a test after prior arrangement or bringing it away ; where a test certificate is refused — taking it for repair by prior arrangement or bringing it away and also taking it , by towing to be broken up , and motor traders when repairing motor vehicles etc .
the motor vehicles ( tests ) [rules] 1981 exempt among other motor vehicles most public service vehicles ; goods vehicles of an unladen weight exceeding 1525 kg ( about 30 cwts ) ( other than dual purpose vehicles ) ; articulated vehicles ; when submitting a vehicle for a test after prior arrangement or bringing it away ; where a test certificate is refused — taking it for repair by prior arrangement or bringing it away and also taking it , by towing to be broken up , and motor traders when repairing motor vehicles etc .

Regulation 4 ( 1 ) Motor Cycles ( Protective Helmets ) Regulations 1980 and Section 16 Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 4 ( 1 ) motor cycles ( protective helmets ) [rules] 1980 and section 16 road traffic act 1988

‘ did drive ( or ride on ) ‘ Or ride on ’ includes any pillion passenger , but not passengers in any sidecar per regulation 3 ( 1 ) of the above regulations .
‘ did drive ( or ride on ) ‘ or ride on ’ includes any pillion passenger , but not passengers in any sidecar per regulation 3 ( 1 ) of the above [rules] .

‘ a certain motor bicycle , namely a … ‘ Means a two wheeled motor cycle , whether having a sidecar attached thereto or not , and for the purposes of this definition any wheels of a motor cycle shall , if the distance between the centres of the areas of contact between such wheels and the road surface is less than 460 millimetres , be counted as one wheel ; per regulation 4 ( 3 ) Motor Cycles ( Protective Helmets ) Regulations 1980 .
‘ a certain motor bicycle , namely a … ‘ means a two wheeled motor cycle , whether having a sidecar attached thereto or not , and for the purposes of this definition any wheels of a motor cycle shall , if the distance between the centres of the areas of contact between such wheels and the road surface is less than 460 millimetres , be counted as one wheel ; per regulation 4 ( 3 ) motor cycles ( protective helmets ) [rules] 1980 .

The 1980 Regulations provides the following exemption .
the 1980 [rules] provides the following exemption .

Regulations 35 Road Vehicles ( Registration and Licensing ) Regulations 1971 and sections 12 and 16 Vehicles ( Excise ) Act 1971
[rules] 35 road vehicles ( registration and licensing ) [rules] 1971 and sections 12 and 16 vehicles ( excise ) act 1971

‘ for the purpose other than a purpose prescribed under section 16 ( 2 ) , Vehicles ( Registration and Licensing ) Regulations 1971 . ’ Namely in the Road Vehicles ( Registration and Licensing ) Regulations 1971 Regulation 35
‘ for the purpose other than a purpose prescribed under section 16 ( 2 ) , vehicles ( registration and licensing ) [rules] 1971 . ’ namely in the road vehicles ( registration and licensing ) [rules] 1971 regulation 35

Save as provided in regulation 36 of these regulations , no person , being a motor trader and the holder of a trade vehicle , shall use any mechanically propelled vehicle on a public road by virtue of that licence unless it is a vehicle which is temporarily in his possession in the course of his business as a motor trader or a recovery vehicle kept by him for the purpose of dealing with disabled vehicles in the course of that business .
save as provided in regulation 36 of these [rules] , no person , being a motor trader and the holder of a trade vehicle , shall use any mechanically propelled vehicle on a public road by virtue of that licence unless it is a vehicle which is temporarily in his possession in the course of his business as a motor trader or a recovery vehicle kept by him for the purpose of dealing with disabled vehicles in the course of that business .

Regulation 34(2) Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 and section 42 Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 34(2) motor vehicles ( construction and use ) [rules] 1986 and section 42 road traffic act 1988

‘ which was required to be fitted with windscreen wipers-This point means that regulation 34 ( 1 ) of the above regulations requires every vehicle which is fitted with a windscreen to be fitted with one or more wipers .
‘ which was required to be fitted with windscreen wipers-this point means that regulation 34 ( 1 ) of the above [rules] requires every vehicle which is fitted with a windscreen to be fitted with one or more wipers .

Regulation 24 Road Vehicles Lighting Regulations 1989 and Section 42 ( 1 ) Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 24 road vehicles lighting [rules] 1989 and section 42 ( 1 ) road traffic act 1988

‘ which carries obligatory lamps ’ 'Obligatory lamps ' , in relation to a vehicle , means such of the obligatory front lamps , obligatory headlamps and obligatory rear lamps as the vehicle is required , by virtue of the Road Vehicles Lighting Regulations , to carry when on a road during the hours of darkness ( as defined by the Road Vehicles Lighting Regulations ) .
‘ which carries obligatory lamps ’ 'obligatory lamps ' , in relation to a vehicle , means such of the obligatory front lamps , obligatory headlamps and obligatory rear lamps as the vehicle is required , by virtue of the road vehicles lighting [rules] , to carry when on a road during the hours of darkness ( as defined by the road vehicles lighting [rules] ) .

‘ While the vehicle was in motion ’ means that the vehicle must be moving either backwards or forwards and that these regulations do not apply when the vehicle is stationary .
‘ while the vehicle was in motion ’ means that the vehicle must be moving either backwards or forwards and that these [rules] do not apply when the vehicle is stationary .

Regulation 9 Motor Vehicles ( Driving Licences ) Regulations 1987 and sections 105 Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 9 motor vehicles ( driving licences ) [rules] 1987 and sections 105 road traffic act 1988

‘ of a qualified driver ’ The supervisor must be a ‘ qualified driver ’ as defined in regulation 9 ( 6 ) of the Motor Vehicles ( Driving Licences ) Regulations 1987 , namely , a person who holds a full licence authorising him to drive as a full licence holder a motor vehicle of the same class or description as the vehicle being driven by the holder of the provisional licence .
‘ of a qualified driver ’ the supervisor must be a ‘ qualified driver ’ as defined in regulation 9 ( 6 ) of the motor vehicles ( driving licences ) [rules] 1987 , namely , a person who holds a full licence authorising him to drive as a full licence holder a motor vehicle of the same class or description as the vehicle being driven by the holder of the provisional licence .

Regulation 4 of the Motor Vehicles ( Wearing of Seat Belts ) Regulations 1982 and Section 14 of the Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 4 of the motor vehicles ( wearing of seat belts ) [rules] 1982 and section 14 of the road traffic act 1988

‘ requiring a seat belt ’ Means per regulation 6 of the Motor Vehicles ( wearing of Seat Belts ) Regulation 1982 : ‘ The classes of vehicle mentioned in regulation 4 are ( a ) a vehicle to which Regulation 46 of the Construction and Use Regulations applies ( see later ) ; and ( b ) a vehicle which is equipped with anchorage points and seat belts and to which that Regulation would apply if it were not for the circumstances that the vehicle —
‘ requiring a seat belt ’ means per regulation 6 of the motor vehicles ( wearing of seat belts ) regulation 1982 : ‘ the classes of vehicle mentioned in regulation 4 are ( a ) a vehicle to which regulation 46 of the construction and use [rules] applies ( see later ) ; and ( b ) a vehicle which is equipped with anchorage points and seat belts and to which that regulation would apply if it were not for the circumstances that the vehicle —

is within the provisions of the Construction and Use Regulations ( which relates to vehicles subject to certain tax exceptions by virtue of their impending export ) ;
is within the provisions of the construction and use [rules] ( which relates to vehicles subject to certain tax exceptions by virtue of their impending export ) ;

is within the provisions of the Construction and Use Regulations ( which relates to vehicles subject to certain exemptions relating to tests of satisfactory conditions ) ;
is within the provisions of the construction and use [rules] ( which relates to vehicles subject to certain exemptions relating to tests of satisfactory conditions ) ;

is not a vehicle to which the Motor Vehicles ( Type Approval ) ( Great Britain ) Regulations 1979 applies but which is being driven from premises of the manufacturer by whom it was made , or of a distributor of vehicles or dealer in vehicles , to premises of a distributor of or dealer in vehicles of the purchasers of the vehicle , or to premises of a person obtaining possession of the vehicle under a hiring agreement or hire-purchase agreement .
is not a vehicle to which the motor vehicles ( type approval ) ( great britain ) [rules] 1979 applies but which is being driven from premises of the manufacturer by whom it was made , or of a distributor of vehicles or dealer in vehicles , to premises of a distributor of or dealer in vehicles of the purchasers of the vehicle , or to premises of a person obtaining possession of the vehicle under a hiring agreement or hire-purchase agreement .

Regulation 46 as mentioned at ( a ) above is as follows : The requirement to have seat belts fitted is contained in Regulation 46 of the Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 ;
regulation 46 as mentioned at ( a ) above is as follows : the requirement to have seat belts fitted is contained in regulation 46 of the motor vehicles ( construction and use ) [rules] 1986 ;

if the vehicle normally has no seat which is the specified passenger 's seat under the last preceding sub-paragraph , the forward-facing front seat for a passenger which is foremost in the vehicle and furthest from the driver 's seat , unless there is a fixed partition separating such seat from the space in front of it alongside the driver 's seat . Exceptions are given under regulation 5 The Motor Vehicles ( Wearing-of Seat Belts ) Regulations 1982 :
if the vehicle normally has no seat which is the specified passenger 's seat under the last preceding sub-paragraph , the forward-facing front seat for a passenger which is foremost in the vehicle and furthest from the driver 's seat , unless there is a fixed partition separating such seat from the space in front of it alongside the driver 's seat . exceptions are given under regulation 5 the motor vehicles ( wearing-of seat belts ) [rules] 1982 :

a qualified driver ( as defined in regulation 8(5) of the Driving Licences Regulations ) and is supervising the holder of a provisional licence ( as defined in regulation 3(1) of those regulations ) while the holder is performing a manoeuvre which includes reversing
a qualified driver ( as defined in regulation 8(5) of the driving licences [rules] ) and is supervising the holder of a provisional licence ( as defined in regulation 3(1) of those [rules] ) while the holder is performing a manoeuvre which includes reversing

a person by whom , as provided in the Driving Licences Regulations , a test of competence to drive is being conducted and his wearing a seat belt would endanger himself or any other person ;
a person by whom , as provided in the driving licences [rules] , a test of competence to drive is being conducted and his wearing a seat belt would endanger himself or any other person ;

does not comply with the requirements of the Construction and Use Regulations ; or
does not comply with the requirements of the construction and use [rules] ; or

This point means a seat belt as defined in the Construction and Use Regulations .
this point means a seat belt as defined in the construction and use [rules] .

Where there is any doubt as to whether the seat belt is as prescribed , regulation 47 of the Construction and Use Regulations will have to be consulted .
where there is any doubt as to whether the seat belt is as prescribed , regulation 47 of the construction and use [rules] will have to be consulted .

Several other offences are included in the above regulations but are not quite so common as the offence outlined .
several other offences are included in the above [rules] but are not quite so common as the offence outlined .

Regulation 34(6) Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 and section 42 of the Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 34(6) motor vehicles ( construction and use ) [rules] 1986 and section 42 of the road traffic act 1988

Regulation 54(1) Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 and section 42 of the Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 54(1) motor vehicles ( construction and use ) [rules] 1986 and section 42 of the road traffic act 1988

so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance required to be fitted by the Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations .
so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance required to be fitted by the motor vehicles ( construction and use ) [rules] .

‘ so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance required to be fitted by the Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations ’ .
‘ so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance required to be fitted by the motor vehicles ( construction and use ) [rules] ’ .

‘ so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance required to be fitted by the Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations ’ , This point can be proved by inspecting the silencer system with the engine running and watching where the gases are escaping .
‘ so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance required to be fitted by the motor vehicles ( construction and use ) [rules] ’ , this point can be proved by inspecting the silencer system with the engine running and watching where the gases are escaping .

Note the further offence of failing to maintain such a system contrary to Regulation 54 ( 2 ) of these regulations .
note the further offence of failing to maintain such a system contrary to regulation 54 ( 2 ) of these [rules] .

Regulation 107(1) Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 , and section 42 Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 107(1) motor vehicles ( construction and use ) [rules] 1986 , and section 42 road traffic act 1988

Regulation 37 Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 and section 42 Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 37 motor vehicles ( construction and use ) [rules] 1986 and section 42 road traffic act 1988

Regulation 101 Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 and section 42 Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 101 motor vehicles ( construction and use ) [rules] 1986 and section 42 road traffic act 1988

any motor vehicle standing on a part of a road specially set aside for the parking of vehicles , or as a stand for hackney carriages , or as a stand for public service vehicles , or as a place at which such vehicles may stop for a longer time than is necessary for the taking up and setting down of passengers where compliance with this regulation would conflict with the provisions of any order , regulations or byelaws governing the use of such part of a road for that purpose ;
any motor vehicle standing on a part of a road specially set aside for the parking of vehicles , or as a stand for hackney carriages , or as a stand for public service vehicles , or as a place at which such vehicles may stop for a longer time than is necessary for the taking up and setting down of passengers where compliance with this regulation would conflict with the provisions of any order , [rules] or byelaws governing the use of such part of a road for that purpose ;

any motor vehicle waiting to set down or pick up passengers in accordance with regulations made or directions given by the chief officer or police in regard to such setting down or picking up ;
any motor vehicle waiting to set down or pick up passengers in accordance with [rules] made or directions given by the chief officer or police in regard to such setting down or picking up ;

Regulation 16 , Pelican Pedestrian Crossing Regulations and General Directions 1987 and section 25 Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984
regulation 16 , pelican pedestrian crossing [rules] and general directions 1987 and section 25 road traffic regulation act 1984

According to Regulation 8 ( 2 ) of these regulations a driver has the overall responsibility to proceed with due regard to the safety of other users of the road subject to the direction of any police constable etc .
according to regulation 8 ( 2 ) of these [rules] a driver has the overall responsibility to proceed with due regard to the safety of other users of the road subject to the direction of any police constable etc .

( committed any time ) Regulation 23(1) Road Vehicles Lighting Regulations 1989 and section 42(1) Road Traffic Act 1988
( committed any time ) regulation 23(1) road vehicles lighting [rules] 1989 and section 42(1) road traffic act 1988

the lighting equipment of which required by these Regulations to be fitted , namely … ( here specify )
the lighting equipment of which required by these [rules] to be fitted , namely … ( here specify )

‘ the lighting equipment of which required by these Regulations to be fitted , namely … ( here specify )
‘ the lighting equipment of which required by these [rules] to be fitted , namely … ( here specify )

‘ the lighting equipment of which required by these Regulations to be fitted , namely … ( here specify ) This point is proved by showing whatever is specified is the lamp or reflector in question , e.g , the obligatory front nearside lamp or the rear offside reflector etc .
‘ the lighting equipment of which required by these [rules] to be fitted , namely … ( here specify ) this point is proved by showing whatever is specified is the lamp or reflector in question , e.g , the obligatory front nearside lamp or the rear offside reflector etc .

a rear fog lamp on a vehicle which is part of a combination of vehicles any part of which is not required by the Regulations to be fitted with a rear fog lamp ;
a rear fog lamp on a vehicle which is part of a combination of vehicles any part of which is not required by the [rules] to be fitted with a rear fog lamp ;

Regulation 12 ‘ Zebra ’ Pedestrian Crossings Regulations 1971 and section 25 Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984
regulation 12 ‘ zebra ’ pedestrian crossings [rules] 1971 and section 25 road traffic regulation act 1984

Regulation 8 ‘ Zebra ’ Pedestrian Crossings Regulations 1971 and section 25 Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984
regulation 8 ‘ zebra ’ pedestrian crossings [rules] 1971 and section 25 road traffic regulation act 1984

a great many minute regulations ;
a great many minute [rules] ;

They think Christians live by a strict set of rules and regulations .
they think christians live by a strict set of rules and [rules] .

And the onus will be on employers to ensure their offices comply with the Display Screen Regulations .
and the onus will be on employers to ensure their offices comply with the display screen [rules] .

‘ Anyone installing new work-stations after January 1 should comply with the regulations immediately , ’ says a spokesperson for System Concepts Limited — a consultancy which advises manufacturers and designers on the health and safety aspects of their products , and employers on how to implement the regulations .
‘ anyone installing new work-stations after january 1 should comply with the [rules] immediately , ’ says a spokesperson for system concepts limited — a consultancy which advises manufacturers and designers on the health and safety aspects of their products , and employers on how to implement the [rules] .

The regulations will be policed by Environmental Health officers and factory inspectors , and any employers not complying could be prosecuted .
the [rules] will be policed by environmental health officers and factory inspectors , and any employers not complying could be prosecuted .

Also coming into effect tomorrow are the Manual Handling Operations Regulations , which require employers to assess any risk of manual handling injury to workers .
also coming into effect tomorrow are the manual handling operations [rules] , which require employers to assess any risk of manual handling injury to workers .

One by one the Association battled to end the loopholes in the regulations needed to protect the gullible shopper .
one by one the association battled to end the loopholes in the [rules] needed to protect the gullible shopper .

‘ It was a dynastic marriage designed to fit in with rules and regulations , a political arrangement rather than a personal one .
‘ it was a dynastic marriage designed to fit in with rules and [rules] , a political arrangement rather than a personal one .

The Open Champion described a delayed rules decision as ‘ pathetic ’ after alleging that home favourite and joint halfway leader Ernie Els had breached regulations when he used his putter to brush away a beetle on the second green .
the open champion described a delayed rules decision as ‘ pathetic ’ after alleging that home favourite and joint halfway leader ernie els had breached [rules] when he used his putter to brush away a beetle on the second green .

Like many other non-Luxembourg accountants , he applied to take advantage of the transitional regulations .
like many other non-luxembourg accountants , he applied to take advantage of the transitional [rules] .

Stringent regulations imposed by local authorities and other officials have also put British farmers at a disadvantage .
stringent [rules] imposed by local authorities and other officials have also put british farmers at a disadvantage .

The areas ripe for action are legion : working to reduce the costs of energy to industry 's intensive users by gaining access for them to European supply grids , and by lobbying other European governments to withdraw subsidies from their competitors in other countries ; pressing for the even enforcement of regulations across all European Community countries ; or even in assisting British companies to win major contracts in countries with a less ‘ hands-off ’ approach to industry .
the areas ripe for action are legion : working to reduce the costs of energy to industry 's intensive users by gaining access for them to european supply grids , and by lobbying other european governments to withdraw subsidies from their competitors in other countries ; pressing for the even enforcement of [rules] across all european community countries ; or even in assisting british companies to win major contracts in countries with a less ‘ hands-off ’ approach to industry .

Although the meeting lasted about two hours , we were offered no refreshment , and we are wondering whether there are any statutory regulations in this connection .
although the meeting lasted about two hours , we were offered no refreshment , and we are wondering whether there are any statutory [rules] in this connection .

We know of no statutory regulations or taxpayer 's rights .
we know of no statutory [rules] or taxpayer 's rights .

Autumn 1993 : s 134 , disclosure of interest in shares and regulations under s 134(5) and ( 6 ) .
autumn 1993 : s 134 , disclosure of interest in shares and [rules] under s 134(5) and ( 6 ) .

The combined impact of the 1986 Building Societies Act and the ensuing Building Societies ( Accounts and Related Provisions ) Regulations 1987 was widely regarded , at the time , as placing the standard of building societies ' accounts firmly at the forefront of the financial services industry .
the combined impact of the 1986 building societies act and the ensuing building societies ( accounts and related provisions ) [rules] 1987 was widely regarded , at the time , as placing the standard of building societies ' accounts firmly at the forefront of the financial services industry .

Accordingly , the 1987 regulations picked up a large part of the requirements of the Bank Accounts Directive , but not all of them .
accordingly , the 1987 [rules] picked up a large part of the requirements of the bank accounts directive , but not all of them .

The new requirements are largely set out in the Building Societies ( Accounts and Related Provisions ) Regulations 1992 , although where the change necessitated a change to the 1986 Act itself , that has been effected through the s 104 mechanism , which enables company law to be applied to building societies by Order .
the new requirements are largely set out in the building societies ( accounts and related provisions ) [rules] 1992 , although where the change necessitated a change to the 1986 act itself , that has been effected through the s 104 mechanism , which enables company law to be applied to building societies by order .

It is not practicable , here , to refer in detail to every change from the 1987 regulations to the 1992 regulations , whether or not occasioned by the requirements of the directive .
it is not practicable , here , to refer in detail to every change from the 1987 [rules] to the 1992 [rules] , whether or not occasioned by the requirements of the directive .

The largest single impact on the 1992 regulations arising out of the directive is the introduction of rules governing the preparation of consolidated accounts .
the largest single impact on the 1992 [rules] arising out of the directive is the introduction of rules governing the preparation of consolidated accounts .

They are contained in the new Sch 4 to the 1992 regulations , ‘ Form and content of the annual accounts of a group accounts society ’ , and they largely reflect existing accounting practice .
they are contained in the new sch 4 to the 1992 [rules] , ‘ form and content of the annual accounts of a group accounts society ’ , and they largely reflect existing accounting practice .

Sch 6 to the 1992 regulations sets out the information in respect of associated bodies that must be included in the notes to societies ' accounts .
sch 6 to the 1992 [rules] sets out the information in respect of associated bodies that must be included in the notes to societies ' accounts .

This new analysis not only presents greater detail than before , it also reflects the more extensive investment powers now available to building societies than were available in 1987 , when the old regulations were made .
this new analysis not only presents greater detail than before , it also reflects the more extensive investment powers now available to building societies than were available in 1987 , when the old [rules] were made .

Similar analyses are required under the 1992 regulations in respect of retail and non-retail funds , which is to be expected , but also in respect of commercial assets , which was less predictable and is a potential source of confusion and misunderstanding .
similar analyses are required under the 1992 [rules] in respect of retail and non-retail funds , which is to be expected , but also in respect of commercial assets , which was less predictable and is a potential source of confusion and misunderstanding .

Disclosure is only one of the areas dealt with in the regulations ; they also set out the principles and rules to be followed in preparing building societies ' accounts .
disclosure is only one of the areas dealt with in the [rules] ; they also set out the principles and rules to be followed in preparing building societies ' accounts .

Securities held on that basis are described in the 1992 regulations as ‘ financial fixed assets ’ .
securities held on that basis are described in the 1992 [rules] as ‘ financial fixed assets ’ .

The letter from the Commission that drew the 1992 regulations to the attention of chief executives highlighted one area where they were incomplete as soon as they were published .
the letter from the commission that drew the 1992 [rules] to the attention of chief executives highlighted one area where they were incomplete as soon as they were published .

On that topic , it is interesting to note that the 1992 regulations require societies to state in their accounts whether they have been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards .
on that topic , it is interesting to note that the 1992 [rules] require societies to state in their accounts whether they have been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards .

The new regulations for building society accounts take effect next year . They have resulted from :
the new [rules] for building society accounts take effect next year . they have resulted from :

Regulations now in force allow a private limited company to be formed or to operate with only one member ( p 110 ) .
[rules] now in force allow a private limited company to be formed or to operate with only one member ( p 110 ) .

Regulations have now been issued to improve disclosures by trustees of pension funds and to provide that a deficiency in a pension scheme that is wound up becomes the debt of the employer ( p 111 ) .
[rules] have now been issued to improve disclosures by trustees of pension funds and to provide that a deficiency in a pension scheme that is wound up becomes the debt of the employer ( p 111 ) .

Regulations now in force put health and safety duties on the original supplier of equipment that is leased for use at work , rather than on the lessor ( p 114 ) .
[rules] now in force put health and safety duties on the original supplier of equipment that is leased for use at work , rather than on the lessor ( p 114 ) .

Not all office floors are regularly shaped , for example , and complying with fire regulations and travel distances could dictate where the surplus space should be located .
not all office floors are regularly shaped , for example , and complying with fire [rules] and travel distances could dictate where the surplus space should be located .

Sub-letting a part may be prohibited , and if sub-letting of part is permitted there will typically be a requirement to let the premises outside the security of tenure and compensation regulations in the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 .
sub-letting a part may be prohibited , and if sub-letting of part is permitted there will typically be a requirement to let the premises outside the security of tenure and compensation [rules] in the landlord and tenant act 1954 .

For many , investment business activity carries with it the very real threat of punitive action , whether arising from failure to comply properly with the regulations or , worse still , from committing the criminal offence of conducting investment business without being authorised at all .
for many , investment business activity carries with it the very real threat of punitive action , whether arising from failure to comply properly with the [rules] or , worse still , from committing the criminal offence of conducting investment business without being authorised at all .

Because investment business is peripheral to their main activity ( and it is a condition of authorisation that it should not normally exceed 20 % of total fee income ) , many firms allow themselves to remain woefully ignorant of the regulations and of how to apply them within their own practice .
because investment business is peripheral to their main activity ( and it is a condition of authorisation that it should not normally exceed 20 % of total fee income ) , many firms allow themselves to remain woefully ignorant of the [rules] and of how to apply them within their own practice .

The fact that a practitioner has a copy of the Blue Book ( which contains the Institute 's regulations and guidance notes on investment business ) on his shelf does not necessarily mean that he has read and understood it , and in some firms the Institute 's Investment Business Gazettes ( which announce changes to regulations and other requirements , and provide a general round-up of developments likely to affect authorised firms ) are filed away unread if they are kept at all .
the fact that a practitioner has a copy of the blue book ( which contains the institute 's [rules] and guidance notes on investment business ) on his shelf does not necessarily mean that he has read and understood it , and in some firms the institute 's investment business gazettes ( which announce changes to [rules] and other requirements , and provide a general round-up of developments likely to affect authorised firms ) are filed away unread if they are kept at all .

While it is fair to say that the regulations in the Blue Book are complex to read and interpret , the guidance notes are eminently readable and practical .
while it is fair to say that the [rules] in the blue book are complex to read and interpret , the guidance notes are eminently readable and practical .

Ignorance is not a credible excuse and any practitioner found in serious breach of regulations — which have been with us now for more than four years — can expect the Joint Monitoring Unit to be less than sympathetic .
ignorance is not a credible excuse and any practitioner found in serious breach of [rules] — which have been with us now for more than four years — can expect the joint monitoring unit to be less than sympathetic .

It should also be noted that breaches tend to have a ‘ ripple effect ’ and that a practitioner who does not fully understand his obligations has only to proffer one piece of investment advice ( which may in itself be perfectly sound ) and he will almost certainly have breached several regulations in the process .
it should also be noted that breaches tend to have a ‘ ripple effect ’ and that a practitioner who does not fully understand his obligations has only to proffer one piece of investment advice ( which may in itself be perfectly sound ) and he will almost certainly have breached several [rules] in the process .

Similarly , corporate finance activity , for example advising on a proposed management buy-out , can easily fall within the scope of the investment business regulations .
similarly , corporate finance activity , for example advising on a proposed management buy-out , can easily fall within the scope of the investment business [rules] .

Attractive as this option may seem , protective authorisation does not provide firms with exemption from the regulations .
attractive as this option may seem , protective authorisation does not provide firms with exemption from the [rules] .

What is required to develop investment business successfully and profitably is a practical commitment to understanding and observing the regulations and to keeping thoroughly abreast of the products and services on offer .
what is required to develop investment business successfully and profitably is a practical commitment to understanding and observing the [rules] and to keeping thoroughly abreast of the products and services on offer .

These Regulations , which are now in force , allow partnerships of unlimited size if they are formed for the purpose of carrying on practice as consulting engineers , provided a majority of the partners are recognised by the Engineering Council as chartered engineers .
these [rules] , which are now in force , allow partnerships of unlimited size if they are formed for the purpose of carrying on practice as consulting engineers , provided a majority of the partners are recognised by the engineering council as chartered engineers .

Regulations extended to cover physiotherapy
[rules] extended to cover physiotherapy

National Insurance Regulations amended
national insurance [rules] amended

The Woolwich Equitable Building Society was entitled as of right to interest on the repayment of a capital sum that had been paid to the Inland Revenue pursuant to Regulations that were ultra vires and void .
the woolwich equitable building society was entitled as of right to interest on the repayment of a capital sum that had been paid to the inland revenue pursuant to [rules] that were ultra vires and void .

The Woolwich paid the capital sum of nearly £57m in three instalments to the Revenue under The Income Tax ( Building Societies ) Regulations 1986 , whose validity it disputed .
the woolwich paid the capital sum of nearly £57m in three instalments to the revenue under the income tax ( building societies ) [rules] 1986 , whose validity it disputed .

The Woolwich feared that failure to make the payment would damage its reputation and that any penalties that could be enforced if the Regulations were valid would exceed the return that could be made by investing the sum .
the woolwich feared that failure to make the payment would damage its reputation and that any penalties that could be enforced if the [rules] were valid would exceed the return that could be made by investing the sum .

On 31 July 1987 , Mr Justice Nolan held that the Regulations were ultra vires and void as regards imposing a tax on dividends and interest paid by building societies prior to 6 April 1986 .
on 31 july 1987 , mr justice nolan held that the [rules] were ultra vires and void as regards imposing a tax on dividends and interest paid by building societies prior to 6 april 1986 .

Customs ' regulations , available later this year for comment , will cover the information required on such invoices .
customs ' [rules] , available later this year for comment , will cover the information required on such invoices .

In Colombo policemen often took advantage of municipal health , safety and traffic regulations in order to ‘ tax ’ carters , rickshaw drivers and others who made their living on the streets of the capital , and in the twentieth century bus drivers regularly bribed the police .
in colombo policemen often took advantage of municipal health , safety and traffic [rules] in order to ‘ tax ’ carters , rickshaw drivers and others who made their living on the streets of the capital , and in the twentieth century bus drivers regularly bribed the police .

By the late 1920s cattle stealing was of little concern to the authorities , but it underwent a revival with the onset of the depression , and received further impetus in 1936 when various regulations designed to control the movement and sale of cattle were lifted .
by the late 1920s cattle stealing was of little concern to the authorities , but it underwent a revival with the onset of the depression , and received further impetus in 1936 when various [rules] designed to control the movement and sale of cattle were lifted .

Throughout the late nineteenth century spasmodic efforts were made in individual districts to enforce some of these regulations .
throughout the late nineteenth century spasmodic efforts were made in individual districts to enforce some of these [rules] .

Another weakness of these regulations was their dependence on efficient and honest enforcement .
another weakness of these [rules] was their dependence on efficient and honest enforcement .

Even headmen not in league with cattle thieves had little interest in strictly enforcing the regulations .
even headmen not in league with cattle thieves had little interest in strictly enforcing the [rules] .

There were difficulties enforcing regulations at the Colombo slaughterhouse .
there were difficulties enforcing [rules] at the colombo slaughterhouse .

Other government regulations could be manipulated by thieves for their own advantage .
other government [rules] could be manipulated by thieves for their own advantage .

Legislation was passed in 1898 which attempted to provide for the co-ordination of the various regulations .
legislation was passed in 1898 which attempted to provide for the co-ordination of the various [rules] .

Two trends in cattle stealing during the late nineteenth century showed that government regulations had some success .
two trends in cattle stealing during the late nineteenth century showed that government [rules] had some success .

Cattle transport routes were taken into account when the authorities decided where to open police stations , and efforts were made to enforce branding and voucher regulations .
cattle transport routes were taken into account when the authorities decided where to open police stations , and efforts were made to enforce branding and voucher [rules] .

The next year , 1936 , all government regulations concerning the branding , movement and sale of cattle were lifted .
the next year , 1936 , all government [rules] concerning the branding , movement and sale of cattle were lifted .

Urban consumers of beef benefited ; within eighteen months of the lifting of the regulations the price of beef fell by half .
urban consumers of beef benefited ; within eighteen months of the lifting of the [rules] the price of beef fell by half .

They had spacious vestibules at both ends to give a large standing capacity , which regulations never permitted to be used to the full .
they had spacious vestibules at both ends to give a large standing capacity , which [rules] never permitted to be used to the full .

The car bodies had four side windows on each deck and the upper deck canopies were enclosed , but not the lower deck , in deference to police regulations enforced in the London area at that time .
the car bodies had four side windows on each deck and the upper deck canopies were enclosed , but not the lower deck , in deference to police [rules] enforced in the london area at that time .

Under the Defence regulations in 1916 , sidelamps in little wooden boxes were fitted to the top of the dash , like their Corporation counterparts .
under the defence [rules] in 1916 , sidelamps in little wooden boxes were fitted to the top of the dash , like their corporation counterparts .

The Workplace ( Health , Safety and Welfare ) Regulations , The Provision and Use of Work Equipment Regulations 1992 and The Personal Protective Equipment at Work Regulations 1992 all came into effect on 1 January 1993 ( p 97 ) .
the workplace ( health , safety and welfare ) [rules] , the provision and use of work equipment [rules] 1992 and the personal protective equipment at work [rules] 1992 all came into effect on 1 january 1993 ( p 97 ) .

The firm says that compliance with the audit regulations , through intra-firm quality controls and annual file reviews by an independent partner , would be far more effective .
the firm says that compliance with the audit [rules] , through intra-firm quality controls and annual file reviews by an independent partner , would be far more effective .

In the light of growing evidence that the duty to report chartered accountants for breaches of regulations and other misdemeanours is putting Institute members off seeking help from other chartered accountants , the Institute is to consider setting up a confidential advisory scheme , possibly at district society level , which would be run along lines similar to the ‘ confessional ’ .
in the light of growing evidence that the duty to report chartered accountants for breaches of [rules] and other misdemeanours is putting institute members off seeking help from other chartered accountants , the institute is to consider setting up a confidential advisory scheme , possibly at district society level , which would be run along lines similar to the ‘ confessional ’ .

’ Abbey National also produces much of its training material inhouse which includes programs on company procedures , management systems , Securities and Investments Board regulations and test materials .
’ abbey national also produces much of its training material inhouse which includes programs on company procedures , management systems , securities and investments board [rules] and test materials .

The Regulations apply to private companies limited by shares or guarantee .
the [rules] apply to private companies limited by shares or guarantee .

The Regulations make clear that these sections do not apply to any private companies , whether limited by shares or guarantee .
the [rules] make clear that these sections do not apply to any private companies , whether limited by shares or guarantee .

Customs state , in their official publication , Single Market Report ( Special Edition , Christmas 1992 ) , that amendments to the draft regulations make it clear that the register refers only to temporary movements , ie for a period not longer than two years .
customs state , in their official publication , single market report ( special edition , christmas 1992 ) , that amendments to the draft [rules] make it clear that the register refers only to temporary movements , ie for a period not longer than two years .

However , there will be statutory rights once the Trade Union Reform and Employment Rights Bill becomes law — it amends Reg 2(1) of the Regulations to expressly cover non-commercial ventures .
however , there will be statutory rights once the trade union reform and employment rights bill becomes law — it amends reg 2(1) of the [rules] to expressly cover non-commercial ventures .

The Regulations cover working environment , such as temperature and ventilation ; safety , such as condition of floors and escalators ; facilities , such as toilets and washing facilities — there are new provisions here regarding rest areas with arrangements for non-smokers and rest facilities for pregnant women and nursing mothers ; and house-keeping , such as maintenance of the work-place , equipment and facilities .
the [rules] cover working environment , such as temperature and ventilation ; safety , such as condition of floors and escalators ; facilities , such as toilets and washing facilities — there are new provisions here regarding rest areas with arrangements for non-smokers and rest facilities for pregnant women and nursing mothers ; and house-keeping , such as maintenance of the work-place , equipment and facilities .

New workplaces opened for the first time on or after 1 January 1993 or those that are modified or extended or converted should comply with the Regulations immediately .
new workplaces opened for the first time on or after 1 january 1993 or those that are modified or extended or converted should comply with the [rules] immediately .

The Regulations are supported by an approved Code of Practice , Workplace ( Health , Safety and Welfare ) Regulations .
the [rules] are supported by an approved code of practice , workplace ( health , safety and welfare ) [rules] .

The new Regulations will be effective from 6 April 1993 to enable plan managers and investors to arrange for holdings in ineligible trusts to be sold or transferred outside the plan .
the new [rules] will be effective from 6 april 1993 to enable plan managers and investors to arrange for holdings in ineligible trusts to be sold or transferred outside the plan .

The proposed new Regulations will extend the relief to include traders performing similar functions in relation to financial futures and options on the London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange .
the proposed new [rules] will extend the relief to include traders performing similar functions in relation to financial futures and options on the london international financial futures and options exchange .

The proposed new Regulations will be made under the powers in ss 106(4) and 107(4) , Finance Act 1986 , and will take effect from 23 March 1992 .
the proposed new [rules] will be made under the powers in ss 106(4) and 107(4) , finance act 1986 , and will take effect from 23 march 1992 .

This may be true — it is already true of a great many regulations with which companies must comply — but it may also reflect the fundamental nature of financial regulation .
this may be true — it is already true of a great many [rules] with which companies must comply — but it may also reflect the fundamental nature of financial regulation .

The Republic of Ireland Companies Acts 1963-1990 and the European Communities ( Companies : Group Accounts ) Regulations 1992 .
the republic of ireland companies acts 1963-1990 and the european communities ( companies : group accounts ) [rules] 1992 .

But in between these two groups ( and ironically double Provincial Insurance Cup champions of the last two years , Bradford Salem , are amongst them ) there rest 47 Yorkshire clubs who have no opportunity , although competing in the Courage Leagues , of entering a national knock-out competition , because the qualifying regulations for the two existing competitions do not encompass them .
but in between these two groups ( and ironically double provincial insurance cup champions of the last two years , bradford salem , are amongst them ) there rest 47 yorkshire clubs who have no opportunity , although competing in the courage leagues , of entering a national knock-out competition , because the qualifying [rules] for the two existing competitions do not encompass them .

‘ The highest single total of ‘ no ' ’ answers arises from a lack of cold or continuous review procedures which firms are required to establish and maintain in accordance with the Audit Regulations .
‘ the highest single total of ‘ no ' ’ answers arises from a lack of cold or continuous review procedures which firms are required to establish and maintain in accordance with the audit [rules] .

Section 5 ( 9 ) states that Customs may make regulations with respect to the time of supply of services for a consideration the whole or part of which is determined or payable periodically ( known as ‘ continuous supplies of services ’ ) .
section 5 ( 9 ) states that customs may make [rules] with respect to the time of supply of services for a consideration the whole or part of which is determined or payable periodically ( known as ‘ continuous supplies of services ’ ) .

This was partly because its proposals would have put an end to the prospect of the very benefits that securitisation should bring ( because the Bank of England would have had difficulty in applying its own regulations for securitisation ) , and partly because the accounting treatment proposed seemed to us inconsistent .
this was partly because its proposals would have put an end to the prospect of the very benefits that securitisation should bring ( because the bank of england would have had difficulty in applying its own [rules] for securitisation ) , and partly because the accounting treatment proposed seemed to us inconsistent .

The Regulations correct two minor defects in the Companies Act 1985 whereby certain small and medium-sized companies were technically unable to file abbreviated accounts .
the [rules] correct two minor defects in the companies act 1985 whereby certain small and medium-sized companies were technically unable to file abbreviated accounts .

The Regulations will apply to accounts for financial years ending on or after 16 November 1992 , and there are transitional provisions to enable companies to take early advantage of the new thresholds .
the [rules] will apply to accounts for financial years ending on or after 16 november 1992 , and there are transitional provisions to enable companies to take early advantage of the new thresholds .

( see p 110 ) we reported that The Companies ( Single Member Private Limited Companies ) Regulations 1992 had come into force , and referred to the various aspects of company and insolvency law that had been changed to accommodate the single-member company .
( see p 110 ) we reported that the companies ( single member private limited companies ) [rules] 1992 had come into force , and referred to the various aspects of company and insolvency law that had been changed to accommodate the single-member company .

The Regulations apply only where computer screens are habitually used by one or more employees as a significant part of daily work .
the [rules] apply only where computer screens are habitually used by one or more employees as a significant part of daily work .

The maximum fine in a Magistrates ' Court for breaches of ss 2 to 6 of the Act and of other sections relating to breaches of improvement notices , and prohibition notices or court remedy orders , has risen to £20,000 and all other breaches of the Act or subordinate Regulations and other relevant legislation now incur a maximum fine of £5,000 ( previously £2,000 ) .
the maximum fine in a magistrates ' court for breaches of ss 2 to 6 of the act and of other sections relating to breaches of improvement notices , and prohibition notices or court remedy orders , has risen to £20,000 and all other breaches of the act or subordinate [rules] and other relevant legislation now incur a maximum fine of £5,000 ( previously £2,000 ) .

Previously , extractor fans and smoke detectors were considered to be items not ordinarily installed but , since 1 October 1992 , extractor fans and hard-wired smoke detectors installed in new housing to comply with Building Regulations are eligible for zero-rating .
previously , extractor fans and smoke detectors were considered to be items not ordinarily installed but , since 1 october 1992 , extractor fans and hard-wired smoke detectors installed in new housing to comply with building [rules] are eligible for zero-rating .

This concession by Customs follows an amendment to the Building Regulations on kitchen and bathroom ventilation and fire safety .
this concession by customs follows an amendment to the building [rules] on kitchen and bathroom ventilation and fire safety .

While still dealing with a steady flow of new applications , the committee has now become more concerned with its main tasks of monitoring compliance with the regulations , and considering whether firms and partners satisfy the requirement of being ‘ fit and proper ’ .
while still dealing with a steady flow of new applications , the committee has now become more concerned with its main tasks of monitoring compliance with the [rules] , and considering whether firms and partners satisfy the requirement of being ‘ fit and proper ’ .

It is rather sad to note that the main objective of these Committees these days seems to be enforcing petty rules and regulations whereby , possibly by accident , a secretary may have incorrectly banked a cheque in the office account rather than the client 's account .
it is rather sad to note that the main objective of these committees these days seems to be enforcing petty rules and [rules] whereby , possibly by accident , a secretary may have incorrectly banked a cheque in the office account rather than the client 's account .

‘ In other words , they do n't have to comply with all the regulations that there would be in a training office .
‘ in other words , they do n't have to comply with all the [rules] that there would be in a training office .

They have learned to play their part in the hierarchy , to receive instructions and carry them out according to strict rules and regulations .
they have learned to play their part in the hierarchy , to receive instructions and carry them out according to strict rules and [rules] .

Although it is law , parts of it will only come into force when the Home Secretary issues the necessary regulations .
although it is law , parts of it will only come into force when the home secretary issues the necessary [rules] .

Regulations implementing this part of the Act are not expected until next year .
[rules] implementing this part of the act are not expected until next year .

Accounts must follow a format that will be laid down in regulations due to come into force in September 1993 .
accounts must follow a format that will be laid down in [rules] due to come into force in september 1993 .

The major one is that the Act 's accountancy regulations will not relate to charities that are limited companies .
the major one is that the act 's accountancy [rules] will not relate to charities that are limited companies .

‘ Effectively , ’ says Mr Randall , ‘ this means charities that are companies limited by guarantee will be able to avoid regulations if they wish to .
‘ effectively , ’ says mr randall , ‘ this means charities that are companies limited by guarantee will be able to avoid [rules] if they wish to .

The Department of Trade and Industry has promised to examine whether charities may be able to get round this by using a clause , such as s 257 of the Companies Act , that contains special regulations for banks and insurance companies , allowing them different formats .
the department of trade and industry has promised to examine whether charities may be able to get round this by using a clause , such as s 257 of the companies act , that contains special [rules] for banks and insurance companies , allowing them different formats .

There has also been a failure to update regulations in some jurisdictions , in line with modern requirements .
there has also been a failure to update [rules] in some jurisdictions , in line with modern requirements .

The latter , in particular , has an extremely modest set of regulations and gives BVI-incorporated companies the freedom to switch their domicile to any other country if necessary .
the latter , in particular , has an extremely modest set of [rules] and gives bvi-incorporated companies the freedom to switch their domicile to any other country if necessary .

Although regulations concerning the duties of an independent examiner have yet to be issued , there is an implication that such a person would charge little or nothing for their services .
although [rules] concerning the duties of an independent examiner have yet to be issued , there is an implication that such a person would charge little or nothing for their services .

The interim report to 30 June 1992 of Eurotunnel , the Anglo French group responsible for constructing and running the Channel Tunnel , contains an auditors ' attestation in accordance with French reporting regulations .
the interim report to 30 june 1992 of eurotunnel , the anglo french group responsible for constructing and running the channel tunnel , contains an auditors ' attestation in accordance with french reporting [rules] .

‘ For this reason , we consider that agreement is not required as to what is true and fair within the same timescale as the drafting of the regulations and , consequently , that the debate should be allowed to continue .
‘ for this reason , we consider that agreement is not required as to what is true and fair within the same timescale as the drafting of the [rules] and , consequently , that the debate should be allowed to continue .

New regulations will amend the Insurance Companies Act 1982 and come into force by 21 May 1993 .
new [rules] will amend the insurance companies act 1982 and come into force by 21 may 1993 .

Ss 54 and 55 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 are due to be brought into force before the end of 1992 , along with supporting Regulations , thus breaking the lawyers ' monopoly in the preparation for payment of papers relating to probate and letters of administration .
ss 54 and 55 of the courts and legal services act 1990 are due to be brought into force before the end of 1992 , along with supporting [rules] , thus breaking the lawyers ' monopoly in the preparation for payment of papers relating to probate and letters of administration .

The current Regulations — The Statutory Sick Pay ( General ) Regulations 1982 and The Statutory Maternity Pay ( General ) Regulations 1986 — remain in force .
the current [rules] — the statutory sick pay ( general ) [rules] 1982 and the statutory maternity pay ( general ) [rules] 1986 — remain in force .

Regulations will come into force on 6 November 1992 setting the ‘ official rate ’ of interest at 9.75% from that date .
[rules] will come into force on 6 november 1992 setting the ‘ official rate ’ of interest at 9.75% from that date .

Regulations to this effect have been laid before Parliament .
[rules] to this effect have been laid before parliament .

The party arrived at Gatwick in a grey transit van instead of chauffeur-driven cars and quietly skipped customs regulations .
the party arrived at gatwick in a grey transit van instead of chauffeur-driven cars and quietly skipped customs [rules] .

Businessman John Foy and his wife Sally have been told the Pounds 250,000 house must go because it flouts planning regulations .
businessman john foy and his wife sally have been told the pounds 250,000 house must go because it flouts planning [rules] .

The Windsor Castle source alleged countless breaches of fire regulations .
the windsor castle source alleged countless breaches of fire [rules] .

Public companies will be able to offer debenture and stockholders the option to receive summary financial statements , if draft regulations , contained in a recently published Department of Trade and Industry consultation document , get the go-ahead ( p 100 ) .
public companies will be able to offer debenture and stockholders the option to receive summary financial statements , if draft [rules] , contained in a recently published department of trade and industry consultation document , get the go-ahead ( p 100 ) .

The Management of Health and Safety at Work Regulations 1992 , which will come into effect on 1 January 1993 , have been laid before Parliament .
the management of health and safety at work [rules] 1992 , which will come into effect on 1 january 1993 , have been laid before parliament .

Regulations effecting provisional repayments of tax to insurance companies have been laid before the House of Commons ( p 105 ) .
[rules] effecting provisional repayments of tax to insurance companies have been laid before the house of commons ( p 105 ) .

She has served as a student counsellor with the Education and Training Department and as deputy director of practice regulation she played a major role in setting up the new regulations for financial services business and audit .
she has served as a student counsellor with the education and training department and as deputy director of practice regulation she played a major role in setting up the new [rules] for financial services business and audit .

It is too late now to submit a general appeal , but there are still circumstances when the regulations will permit a valid appeal .
it is too late now to submit a general appeal , but there are still circumstances when the [rules] will permit a valid appeal .

An ability to identify the opportunities for saving is essential , coupled with a basic understanding of the regulations governing the appeal process .
an ability to identify the opportunities for saving is essential , coupled with a basic understanding of the [rules] governing the appeal process .

Current rating legislation is contained in three Acts of Parliament ( the Local Government Finance Act 1988 , the Local Government and Housing Act 1989 and the Non-domestic Rating Act 1992 ) and about 100 items of associated secondary regulations that lay down the processes and procedures governing the system .
current rating legislation is contained in three acts of parliament ( the local government finance act 1988 , the local government and housing act 1989 and the non-domestic rating act 1992 ) and about 100 items of associated secondary [rules] that lay down the processes and procedures governing the system .

Audit regulation , changes to the disciplinary arrangements and the continuing development of accounting and auditing standards may go some way to increasing public confidence in the profession ; and various other proposed regulations and changes to the law , such as preventing directors of public companies from exercising any influence over the appointment and removal of auditors , might have more effect than any of the steps which have been taken so far .
audit regulation , changes to the disciplinary arrangements and the continuing development of accounting and auditing standards may go some way to increasing public confidence in the profession ; and various other proposed [rules] and changes to the law , such as preventing directors of public companies from exercising any influence over the appointment and removal of auditors , might have more effect than any of the steps which have been taken so far .

The section of the Manifesto entitled The Institute and Professional Success does list a number of detailed objectives that might be expected to help firms increase their profitability , the most important of which is that ‘ unless required by public interest , the Institute should not seek to impose regulations which have the effect of restricting the freedom of members to succeed professionally and commercially ’ .
the section of the manifesto entitled the institute and professional success does list a number of detailed objectives that might be expected to help firms increase their profitability , the most important of which is that ‘ unless required by public interest , the institute should not seek to impose [rules] which have the effect of restricting the freedom of members to succeed professionally and commercially ’ .

One assumes from this that there should be no repeat of the Investment Business Regulations debacle but , until such time as the Institute has had an opportunity to demonstrate that it can resist the temptation to create any further unnecessary bureaucracy , members are likely to be justifiably sceptical .
one assumes from this that there should be no repeat of the investment business [rules] debacle but , until such time as the institute has had an opportunity to demonstrate that it can resist the temptation to create any further unnecessary bureaucracy , members are likely to be justifiably sceptical .

The revised Investment Business Regulations may reduce the unnecessary administrative burden created by the original regulations , and relaxing the statutory audit requirement for small companies may provide firms with an opportunity to provide their clients with more valuable services , while at the same time reducing their professional risk .
the revised investment business [rules] may reduce the unnecessary administrative burden created by the original [rules] , and relaxing the statutory audit requirement for small companies may provide firms with an opportunity to provide their clients with more valuable services , while at the same time reducing their professional risk .

As with the rest of the pay and file regulations , interest charges will run on unpaid s 419 tax from the day after the payment is due until the date of payment .
as with the rest of the pay and file [rules] , interest charges will run on unpaid s 419 tax from the day after the payment is due until the date of payment .

This consists of the Auditing Guideline , Communications between Auditors and Regulators under Sections 109 and 180 ( 1 ) ( q ) of the Financial Services Act 1986 , which was issued in July 1990 ; and Practice Note 3 , Client Assets — Guidance to Auditors of Investment Businesses , issued in December 1990 and which has been amended to reflect recent changes in the rules relating to client money following the issue of The Financial Services ( Client Money ) Regulations 1991 .
this consists of the auditing guideline , communications between auditors and regulators under sections 109 and 180 ( 1 ) ( q ) of the financial services act 1986 , which was issued in july 1990 ; and practice note 3 , client assets — guidance to auditors of investment businesses , issued in december 1990 and which has been amended to reflect recent changes in the rules relating to client money following the issue of the financial services ( client money ) [rules] 1991 .

The second of the new areas covered provides guidance on the extent of auditors ' responsibilities in relation to an investment business 's compliance with those rules and regulations , for the conduct of investment business , which are not the subject of specific regular reporting by auditors .
the second of the new areas covered provides guidance on the extent of auditors ' responsibilities in relation to an investment business 's compliance with those rules and [rules] , for the conduct of investment business , which are not the subject of specific regular reporting by auditors .

Among the subjects the report would like to see companies publish in their annual reports are details on environmental policy ; environmental objectives ; information on action taken and the costs of passing environmental objectives ; compliance with regulations ; significant environmental risks not disclosed as contingent liabilities ; and key features of external audit reports on the enterprise 's environmental activities .
among the subjects the report would like to see companies publish in their annual reports are details on environmental policy ; environmental objectives ; information on action taken and the costs of passing environmental objectives ; compliance with [rules] ; significant environmental risks not disclosed as contingent liabilities ; and key features of external audit reports on the enterprise 's environmental activities .

Public companies will be able to offer debenture and stockholders the option to receive summary financial statements , if draft regulations , contained in a recently published Department of Trade and Industry consultative document , get the go-ahead .
public companies will be able to offer debenture and stockholders the option to receive summary financial statements , if draft [rules] , contained in a recently published department of trade and industry consultative document , get the go-ahead .

The draft regulations also provide details of the proposed minimum content of summary financial statements for banks .
the draft [rules] also provide details of the proposed minimum content of summary financial statements for banks .

These Regulations , which are now in force , are made under s 4 ( 2 ) ( c ) of the 1992 Act and set out names which are likely to mislead the public in terms of the status of the charity .
these [rules] , which are now in force , are made under s 4 ( 2 ) ( c ) of the 1992 act and set out names which are likely to mislead the public in terms of the status of the charity .

Regulations effecting provisional repayments of tax to insurance companies have recently been laid before the House of Commons .
[rules] effecting provisional repayments of tax to insurance companies have recently been laid before the house of commons .

The new Regulations define a transitional period of 2 October 1992 to 31 December 1998 ( coinciding with the introduction of corporation tax Pay and File due in 1993 ) , during which provisional repayments in respect of accounting periods ending before 1 January 1999 are to be reduced by a prescribed percentage .
the new [rules] define a transitional period of 2 october 1992 to 31 december 1998 ( coinciding with the introduction of corporation tax pay and file due in 1993 ) , during which provisional repayments in respect of accounting periods ending before 1 january 1999 are to be reduced by a prescribed percentage .

Inter alia , the Regulations also specify the information which is to be included in a claim , and they allow for interest to be charged when a provisional repayment proves to be excessive .
inter alia , the [rules] also specify the information which is to be included in a claim , and they allow for interest to be charged when a provisional repayment proves to be excessive .

of having been found to be in breach of Investment Business Regulations 1.16(a) and 1.17 in that in Grimsby between 30 September 1990 and 1 October 1991 the firm handled Investment Business Clients ' monies when not authorised to do so was reprimanded and ordered to pay £250 by way of costs .
of having been found to be in breach of investment business [rules] 1.16(a) and 1.17 in that in grimsby between 30 september 1990 and 1 october 1991 the firm handled investment business clients ' monies when not authorised to do so was reprimanded and ordered to pay £250 by way of costs .

Indeed , factors such as changes in employment law , in regulations about compulsory schooling , and the introduction of state benefits have very obviously shaped such changes .
indeed , factors such as changes in employment law , in [rules] about compulsory schooling , and the introduction of state benefits have very obviously shaped such changes .

The substance , cross referenced to the introduction , provides a full and detailed commentary on the private and public law provisions and their accompanying rules , regulations and guidance for those who practise within the child care arena .
the substance , cross referenced to the introduction , provides a full and detailed commentary on the private and public law provisions and their accompanying rules , [rules] and guidance for those who practise within the child care arena .

It was difficult to believe that these birds had been harvested for food on Mykines for generations , or to argue against the Faroese claim that the strict regulations which apply to the fowling are designed to ensure that the population numbers are not adversely affected .
it was difficult to believe that these birds had been harvested for food on mykines for generations , or to argue against the faroese claim that the strict [rules] which apply to the fowling are designed to ensure that the population numbers are not adversely affected .

Any doctor or insurer will tell you that the cause of America 's medical woes is government procedures and regulations .
any doctor or insurer will tell you that the cause of america 's medical woes is government procedures and [rules] .

And restrictive regulations , which keep Tokyo buildings low and living spaces small , stifle one of the economy 's biggest potential areas for consumption and imports .
and restrictive [rules] , which keep tokyo buildings low and living spaces small , stifle one of the economy 's biggest potential areas for consumption and imports .

Sometimes the impact of regulations on imports is straightforward : foreign rice is all but banned .
sometimes the impact of [rules] on imports is straightforward : foreign rice is all but banned .

Other regulations do their bit ; Tokyo residents have to commute huge distances because building restrictions limit the living space available in the capital .
other [rules] do their bit ; tokyo residents have to commute huge distances because building restrictions limit the living space available in the capital .

The new regulations were , at first , systematically evaded by all those with vested interests and he recognized that to pursue the path he had begun he was going to have to reinforce the need for change again and again .
the new [rules] were , at first , systematically evaded by all those with vested interests and he recognized that to pursue the path he had begun he was going to have to reinforce the need for change again and again .

Pressing for the abolition of the pernicious fee system had been an obvious target but he also pressed for liquor taps to be banned and the sale of drink to inmates to be closely regulated ; for the gaolers to be resident at the gaol instead of offering only minimal supervision if they lived away from it ; for the provision of chaplains and doctors and the detailing and publishing of prison rules and regulations .
pressing for the abolition of the pernicious fee system had been an obvious target but he also pressed for liquor taps to be banned and the sale of drink to inmates to be closely regulated ; for the gaolers to be resident at the gaol instead of offering only minimal supervision if they lived away from it ; for the provision of chaplains and doctors and the detailing and publishing of prison rules and [rules] .

‘ It is our view that the ‘ levels ’ [ punishment ] system at Glenthorne would , if it were in any other secure facility , contravene the Children 's Homes Regulations , ’ says the report of the advisory group , chaired by Winifred Tumim .
‘ it is our view that the ‘ levels ’ [ punishment ] system at glenthorne would , if it were in any other secure facility , contravene the children 's homes [rules] , ’ says the report of the advisory group , chaired by winifred tumim .

Neither institution is regulated by an outside body , nor are they obliged to comply with the Children 's Homes Regulations .
neither institution is regulated by an outside body , nor are they obliged to comply with the children 's homes [rules] .

‘ Any criticism against the centres by this independent body surely confirms the view that they should be covered by statutory regulations , ’ said Hodgkin .
‘ any criticism against the centres by this independent body surely confirms the view that they should be covered by statutory [rules] , ’ said hodgkin .

‘ Some support children who wo n't conform to school regulations .
‘ some support children who wo n't conform to school [rules] .

In one case , the High Court turned down a complaint that an authority failed to provide unstressful transport for a child because regulations governing ‘ statementing ’ do not require an authority to specify that there should be non-stressful transport .
in one case , the high court turned down a complaint that an authority failed to provide unstressful transport for a child because [rules] governing ‘ statementing ’ do not require an authority to specify that there should be non-stressful transport .

Uzbekistan stopped all bank transfers with Kirgiz banks and brought in regulations to allow sales of goods only to Uzbeks .
uzbekistan stopped all bank transfers with kirgiz banks and brought in [rules] to allow sales of goods only to uzbeks .

Some recycling might be promoted by regulatory changes : building regulations , for example , often discourage the use of recycled materials .
some recycling might be promoted by regulatory changes : building [rules] , for example , often discourage the use of recycled materials .

They prefer them mainly because they face regulations that reward stable growth in returns from year to year rather than the more volatile — but , in the long-run , almost certainly higher — returns they would earn by holding more equities .
they prefer them mainly because they face [rules] that reward stable growth in returns from year to year rather than the more volatile — but , in the long-run , almost certainly higher — returns they would earn by holding more equities .

’ The Sixth Fleet , Talbot was aware , would have informed him of the presence of any of their aircraft in his vicinity , not from courtesy but because regulations demanded it , a fact of which O'Rourke was as well aware as he was .
’ the sixth fleet , talbot was aware , would have informed him of the presence of any of their aircraft in his vicinity , not from courtesy but because [rules] demanded it , a fact of which o'rourke was as well aware as he was .

‘ He did , mind you , make some casual remark about you being allergic to certain naval regulations .
‘ he did , mind you , make some casual remark about you being allergic to certain naval [rules] .

His new body of monastic regulations brought the up-to-date practices of Cluny not only to Canterbury , but also to monasteries in all parts of England .
his new body of monastic [rules] brought the up-to-date practices of cluny not only to canterbury , but also to monasteries in all parts of england .

Anselm was determined to make the clearest possible break with past practice : henceforth no priest or deacon was to be allowed , on any pretext whatsoever , to have a wife and continue to carry out his duties , and he had prepared an elaborate series of provisional arrangements to cope with the shortage of qualified priests under the new regulations .
anselm was determined to make the clearest possible break with past practice : henceforth no priest or deacon was to be allowed , on any pretext whatsoever , to have a wife and continue to carry out his duties , and he had prepared an elaborate series of provisional arrangements to cope with the shortage of qualified priests under the new [rules] .

It then sets out six case studies where owners of significant buildings have failed to observe regulations , and allowed fixtures to be removed for sale or destruction .
it then sets out six case studies where owners of significant buildings have failed to observe [rules] , and allowed fixtures to be removed for sale or destruction .

Its activities have grown with every year , but public financing has not , so it is more and more dependent on what it can extract through planning regulations from the developers and industrialists themselves .
its activities have grown with every year , but public financing has not , so it is more and more dependent on what it can extract through planning [rules] from the developers and industrialists themselves .

Changes in these supply and demand factors depend on the physical and mental capacity of individuals for work and the requirements of employment , but also on the personal choice of individuals , the marginal productivity of other groups in the labour market , the flexibility of remuneration schemes , and institutional factors such as pension-scheme regulations .
changes in these supply and demand factors depend on the physical and mental capacity of individuals for work and the requirements of employment , but also on the personal choice of individuals , the marginal productivity of other groups in the labour market , the flexibility of remuneration schemes , and institutional factors such as pension-scheme [rules] .

The final document referred also to transport , the harmonisation of social regulations , hours of work and overtime , and the creation of an investment fund .
the final document referred also to transport , the harmonisation of social [rules] , hours of work and overtime , and the creation of an investment fund .

There were no Civil Service retirement regulations applicable to Basil .
there were no civil service retirement [rules] applicable to basil .

Given the size of the motion-picture audience it was inevitable that political authorities would become involved in some regulation of the industry even if it was only to be a question of safety and fire regulations , but what made the movies even more into a public issue was that they became a mass activity precisely at the moment when political parties and social agencies were more concerned than ever before with how the masses could be accommodated within cities .
given the size of the motion-picture audience it was inevitable that political authorities would become involved in some regulation of the industry even if it was only to be a question of safety and fire [rules] , but what made the movies even more into a public issue was that they became a mass activity precisely at the moment when political parties and social agencies were more concerned than ever before with how the masses could be accommodated within cities .

Insulating homes well has until fairly recently been a very low priority , both for housebuilders and for the legislators who frame the Building Regulations .
insulating homes well has until fairly recently been a very low priority , both for housebuilders and for the legislators who frame the building [rules] .

However , the latest amendments to the Building Regulations require much higher standards of insulation than ever before and have also belatedly recognised the problems that over-insulation can cause as far as condensation is concerned — both inside the house itself and also within the building 's structure .
however , the latest amendments to the building [rules] require much higher standards of insulation than ever before and have also belatedly recognised the problems that over-insulation can cause as far as condensation is concerned — both inside the house itself and also within the building 's structure .

Most homes now have some form of lost insulation , as a result of Government campaigns and gradually improving Building Regulations , but in many cases it will be less than the current minimum requirement for new homes , of a 100mm thick layer of glass fibre or a similar insulant .
most homes now have some form of lost insulation , as a result of government campaigns and gradually improving building [rules] , but in many cases it will be less than the current minimum requirement for new homes , of a 100mm thick layer of glass fibre or a similar insulant .

Now that the Building Regulations no longer specify minimum ceiling heights in habitable rooms , this is unlikely to cause headroom problems , and it is a simple matter to fit new ceiling joists across the room , supported on joist hangers , and to fit a new plaster board ceiling once the insulation and vapour barrier are in place .
now that the building [rules] no longer specify minimum ceiling heights in habitable rooms , this is unlikely to cause headroom problems , and it is a simple matter to fit new ceiling joists across the room , supported on joist hangers , and to fit a new plaster board ceiling once the insulation and vapour barrier are in place .

The most recent amendments to the Building Regulations have finally introduced requirements for found floor insulation in new homes .
the most recent amendments to the building [rules] have finally introduced requirements for found floor insulation in new homes .

The new Building Regulations , which came into force in June , contain some new rules concerning the giving of notices at the various stages of building works .
the new building [rules] , which came into force in june , contain some new rules concerning the giving of notices at the various stages of building works .

Replace old foam-filled furniture at the earliest opportunity with furniture labelled to indicate that its covers and filling meet the requirements of the 1988 Furniture and Furnishings ( Fire ) ( Safety ) Regulations .
replace old foam-filled furniture at the earliest opportunity with furniture labelled to indicate that its covers and filling meet the requirements of the 1988 furniture and furnishings ( fire ) ( safety ) [rules] .

Whenever possible , Ministerial intervention is achieved through negotiation ( rather than through detailed legislative powers ) and by the use of fiat , circulars and regulations permitted within the legislative framework .
whenever possible , ministerial intervention is achieved through negotiation ( rather than through detailed legislative powers ) and by the use of fiat , circulars and [rules] permitted within the legislative framework .

Each union follows its own policy , makes its own rules and regulations ( and tends to bicker with the other five ) .
each union follows its own policy , makes its own rules and [rules] ( and tends to bicker with the other five ) .

The system being constructed will require its own operating instructions , maintenance procedures and perhaps safety regulations .
the system being constructed will require its own operating instructions , maintenance procedures and perhaps safety [rules] .

These include the operating instructions , the maintenance instructions , the suppliers ' instruction manuals , the safety regulations and instructions for particular emergencies .
these include the operating instructions , the maintenance instructions , the suppliers ' instruction manuals , the safety [rules] and instructions for particular emergencies .

The theme which Dodd points to was just as common when the 1904 regulations were established .
the theme which dodd points to was just as common when the 1904 [rules] were established .

In January 1565 , she ordered Archbishop Parker of Canterbury to impose uniformity of clerical dress and ceremonials on those radicals who were disobeying her regulations .
in january 1565 , she ordered archbishop parker of canterbury to impose uniformity of clerical dress and ceremonials on those radicals who were disobeying her [rules] .

Building Regulations contain strict fire prevention regulations , some of which refer to the treatment of surfaces to prevent fire spreading too rapidly .
building [rules] contain strict fire prevention [rules] , some of which refer to the treatment of surfaces to prevent fire spreading too rapidly .

First , your extension will have to comply with the Building Regulations , which include various requirements for preventing fire spreading from your house to your neighbour 's property .
first , your extension will have to comply with the building [rules] , which include various requirements for preventing fire spreading from your house to your neighbour 's property .

Compliance with the Building Regulations does not give you any legal rights to encroach on your neighbours land , no matter how small the encroachment may be .
compliance with the building [rules] does not give you any legal rights to encroach on your neighbours land , no matter how small the encroachment may be .

Ceauşescu liberalized the regulations restricting emigration from Romania by Jews .
ceauşescu liberalized the [rules] restricting emigration from romania by jews .

For cartons of Kent cigarettes and a few videos , it was always possible to circumvent the regulations limiting abortion to the victims of rape or incest , or life-threatening complications .
for cartons of kent cigarettes and a few videos , it was always possible to circumvent the [rules] limiting abortion to the victims of rape or incest , or life-threatening complications .

Indeed , the business of turning some of the Act 's most central provisions into the regulations needed to implement them has proved so exceedingly complex that some crucial regulations , more than six years later , are still in draft .
indeed , the business of turning some of the act 's most central provisions into the [rules] needed to implement them has proved so exceedingly complex that some crucial [rules] , more than six years later , are still in draft .

The detail of the Act and regulations made under it will be discussed later , in chapter 6 , in the light of what the main body of this report will show about how consumers think of and use credit .
the detail of the act and [rules] made under it will be discussed later , in chapter 6 , in the light of what the main body of this report will show about how consumers think of and use credit .

Judging by American experience , there is no doubt that , as annual percentage rates come to be widely quoted in conformity with the new Consumer Credit Act regulations , people will become more familiar with them .
judging by american experience , there is no doubt that , as annual percentage rates come to be widely quoted in conformity with the new consumer credit act [rules] , people will become more familiar with them .

To recap then , there are two ways in which some awareness of credit costs may influence people 's shopping : their subjective impression of comparative costliness , which tends to be reasonably realistic ; and their objective awareness of interest rates and so forth , which tends to be sketchy , and — given American experience — even with increasing familiarity after implementation of Consumer Credit Act quotations and advertising regulations is likely to remain divorced from their actual understanding of the cost of individual credit transactions .
to recap then , there are two ways in which some awareness of credit costs may influence people 's shopping : their subjective impression of comparative costliness , which tends to be reasonably realistic ; and their objective awareness of interest rates and so forth , which tends to be sketchy , and — given american experience — even with increasing familiarity after implementation of consumer credit act quotations and advertising [rules] is likely to remain divorced from their actual understanding of the cost of individual credit transactions .

Regulations under the Consumer Credit Act will of course ensure that accurate cost information is available for all forms of credit .
[rules] under the consumer credit act will of course ensure that accurate cost information is available for all forms of credit .

So it does not seem realistic to look to credit cost disclosure regulations , and the wider awareness of APRs that these will bring , to change people 's credit buying habits much ( though even a small change could be enough to influence lenders to offer more attractively competitive rates ) .
so it does not seem realistic to look to credit cost disclosure [rules] , and the wider awareness of aprs that these will bring , to change people 's credit buying habits much ( though even a small change could be enough to influence lenders to offer more attractively competitive rates ) .

While mail order , trading checks and weekly credit callers or tallymen continue to be the forms of credit which most obviously meet the needs of those used to weekly budgeting , and to being paid weekly in cash , they are likely to continue to be the obvious choice for many such people — regardless of truth-in-lending regulations .
while mail order , trading checks and weekly credit callers or tallymen continue to be the forms of credit which most obviously meet the needs of those used to weekly budgeting , and to being paid weekly in cash , they are likely to continue to be the obvious choice for many such people — regardless of truth-in-lending [rules] .

On the contrary : we see the cost disclosure regulations which have now been made under the Consumer Credit Act ( see chapter 5 ) as highly important .
on the contrary : we see the cost disclosure [rules] which have now been made under the consumer credit act ( see chapter 5 ) as highly important .

The extent to which the Consumer Credit Regulations for Advertisements , Quotations and Total Charge for Credit can be expected to help will be discussed in the next two chapters .
the extent to which the consumer credit [rules] for advertisements , quotations and total charge for credit can be expected to help will be discussed in the next two chapters .

Section 147 ( 2 ) of the Consumer Credit Act does provide for regulations which could virtually cover all the points we have raised here .
section 147 ( 2 ) of the consumer credit act does provide for [rules] which could virtually cover all the points we have raised here .

However , recent changes in the water bye-laws and the Building Regulations now permit the installation of continental-type sealed systems ( which need no feed-and-expansion tank ) as an alternative .
however , recent changes in the water bye-laws and the building [rules] now permit the installation of continental-type sealed systems ( which need no feed-and-expansion tank ) as an alternative .

If you are installing a new bathroom , it has to meet the requirements of the Building Regulations .
if you are installing a new bathroom , it has to meet the requirements of the building [rules] .

If you are replacing an old bathroom suite with a new one , and plan changes to the layout , which will require alterations to the water pipework , you will again need to meet Building Regulations ' requirements .
if you are replacing an old bathroom suite with a new one , and plan changes to the layout , which will require alterations to the water pipework , you will again need to meet building [rules] ' requirements .

If you want to extend your bathroom into a hallway or bedroom , and plan to put up a partition wall , you will need Building Regulations ' approval if this involves the demolition of a load-bearing wall .
if you want to extend your bathroom into a hallway or bedroom , and plan to put up a partition wall , you will need building [rules] ' approval if this involves the demolition of a load-bearing wall .

If you 're thinking about carrying out some alterations to the roof of your property , then you may require planning permission and/or Building Regulations approval .
if you 're thinking about carrying out some alterations to the roof of your property , then you may require planning permission and/or building [rules] approval .

In addition to planning permission , the Building Regulations classify the replacement of roof coverings as being a ‘ material alteration ’ , requiring Regulations approval .
in addition to planning permission , the building [rules] classify the replacement of roof coverings as being a ‘ material alteration ’ , requiring [rules] approval .

The Building Regulations apply even if the new roof covering is significantly lighter than the covering it replaces , and you may be required to demonstrate that a lighter roof covering will not affect the stability of the roof structure , particularly during windy weather .
the building [rules] apply even if the new roof covering is significantly lighter than the covering it replaces , and you may be required to demonstrate that a lighter roof covering will not affect the stability of the roof structure , particularly during windy weather .

Planning permission will be required if the height of the ridge is to be raised , or if a dormer window is added to a roof slope which fronts onto a highway , and roof alterations caused by loft conversions will certainly require approval under the Building Regulations .
planning permission will be required if the height of the ridge is to be raised , or if a dormer window is added to a roof slope which fronts onto a highway , and roof alterations caused by loft conversions will certainly require approval under the building [rules] .

This is one of the reasons why a loft conversion is classed as a ‘ material alteration ’ under the Building Regulations .
this is one of the reasons why a loft conversion is classed as a ‘ material alteration ’ under the building [rules] .

The rules and regulations of her domain are established , and woe betide members of the household who break them .
the rules and [rules] of her domain are established , and woe betide members of the household who break them .

3.13 shall be responsible for compliance with all applicable legal requirements and Export Control Regulations applicable to 's distribution of the Licensed Products and shall indemnify against any breach of such Regulations .
3.13 shall be responsible for compliance with all applicable legal requirements and export control [rules] applicable to 's distribution of the licensed products and shall indemnify against any breach of such [rules] .

This meeting strongly condemns the regulations of the Food Controller , which favour the rich who are not in danger of being without food , make it possible for the wealthy to provide unscrupulous profiteers to defraud the nation by government sanction i.e .
this meeting strongly condemns the [rules] of the food controller , which favour the rich who are not in danger of being without food , make it possible for the wealthy to provide unscrupulous profiteers to defraud the nation by government sanction i.e .

In Western Europe legislators have ceded sweeping powers to make detailed regulations to central government executives , allowing them in effect to write up the law ‘ as they go along ’ in a discretionary way .
in western europe legislators have ceded sweeping powers to make detailed [rules] to central government executives , allowing them in effect to write up the law ‘ as they go along ’ in a discretionary way .

The Navigation Acts were complicated and applying the regulations would have been harder if there had been a great deal of trade between the colonies , but in the seventeenth century most of the trade of each colony on the American mainland or in the West Indies was with England rather than with other colonies .
the navigation acts were complicated and applying the [rules] would have been harder if there had been a great deal of trade between the colonies , but in the seventeenth century most of the trade of each colony on the american mainland or in the west indies was with england rather than with other colonies .

On letters written on typewriters made from old toothbrushes and elastic bands , prisoners facing death tell their correspondents of daily life in the jail , of the regulations , of the procedure before an execution is carried out , of how their cell light shudder under the strain when someone is electrocuted in the chair .
on letters written on typewriters made from old toothbrushes and elastic bands , prisoners facing death tell their correspondents of daily life in the jail , of the [rules] , of the procedure before an execution is carried out , of how their cell light shudder under the strain when someone is electrocuted in the chair .

Ivanisevic and Co. naturally argue that it is unfair to alter the regulations as it would interfere with the natural development of the game .
ivanisevic and co. naturally argue that it is unfair to alter the [rules] as it would interfere with the natural development of the game .

Evaluation of labour market policy measures , regulations and institutional arrangement in the context of an international comparative project with special attention to the effects of the completion of the European internal market ( including quantitative impact analyses ) .
evaluation of labour market policy measures , [rules] and institutional arrangement in the context of an international comparative project with special attention to the effects of the completion of the european internal market ( including quantitative impact analyses ) .

By July 1990 nearly half the country was under emergency regulations — a legacy inherited by the new government of President Alberto Fujimori which took office in Peru on 28 July .
by july 1990 nearly half the country was under emergency [rules] — a legacy inherited by the new government of president alberto fujimori which took office in peru on 28 july .

The regulations setting out the procedure whereby a soldier in the British Army can apply for conscientious objector status are classified as a ‘ restricted ’ document — to which only army officers have access .
the [rules] setting out the procedure whereby a soldier in the british army can apply for conscientious objector status are classified as a ‘ restricted ’ document — to which only army officers have access .

But he still had to print out yet another copy of the Capellan regulations about acceptable levels of degradation on axis lock crystals before he let her through the gate .
but he still had to print out yet another copy of the capellan [rules] about acceptable levels of degradation on axis lock crystals before he let her through the gate .

Rules and regulations and protocol .
rules and [rules] and protocol .

‘ What 's this , ’ he said , ‘ safety regulations now ? ’
‘ what 's this , ’ he said , ‘ safety [rules] now ? ’

Tabitha thought briefly about livestock regulations .
tabitha thought briefly about livestock [rules] .

The King of Saudi Arabia is not exempt from the regulations set forth by the Shari'a .
the king of saudi arabia is not exempt from the [rules] set forth by the shari'a .

The relation between these inherent motives for culture and society is a matter that requires analysis of the epigenetic regulations of brain growth , about which little is yet known .
the relation between these inherent motives for culture and society is a matter that requires analysis of the epigenetic [rules] of brain growth , about which little is yet known .

Despite these restrictions and regulations , goat numbers have continued to decline .
despite these restrictions and [rules] , goat numbers have continued to decline .

‘ They have the guns and the dogs and the wire , they have their norms of output in the Factory , they have their regulations and their camp regime .
‘ they have the guns and the dogs and the wire , they have their norms of output in the factory , they have their [rules] and their camp regime .

The kitchen area accords with the latest food hygiene regulations .
the kitchen area accords with the latest food hygiene [rules] .

( h ) Safety , health and welfare regulations should be observed by both management and labour .
( h ) safety , health and welfare [rules] should be observed by both management and labour .

The labour constant should provide for meal breaks , weather , site conditions , time spent receiving and understanding instructions , locating materials and plant , measuring and setting out , maintenance of plant , clearing up , and observance of safety regulations .
the labour constant should provide for meal breaks , weather , site conditions , time spent receiving and understanding instructions , locating materials and plant , measuring and setting out , maintenance of plant , clearing up , and observance of safety [rules] .

The building regulations do not impose the same degree of restriction on the developer as the planning authority ; nevertheless , their implications in the development of proposed sites must be taken into account when Investigating viability .
the building [rules] do not impose the same degree of restriction on the developer as the planning authority ; nevertheless , their implications in the development of proposed sites must be taken into account when investigating viability .

The majority of the building regulations have little or no impact on the financial potential of a site , with one or two notable exceptions .
the majority of the building [rules] have little or no impact on the financial potential of a site , with one or two notable exceptions .

building regulations
building [rules]

The maximum effective length for pumping is 30 metres and the regulations therefore require that the cesspool or septic tank should be sited within this distance of a vehicular access .
the maximum effective length for pumping is 30 metres and the [rules] therefore require that the cesspool or septic tank should be sited within this distance of a vehicular access .

The building regulations require that walls to buildings should be so constructed as to prevent fire reaching the boundary and , as a consequence , possibly endangering adjoining property .
the building [rules] require that walls to buildings should be so constructed as to prevent fire reaching the boundary and , as a consequence , possibly endangering adjoining property .

Some aspects of the nature of the site have already been discussed when looking at the effect of the building regulations .
some aspects of the nature of the site have already been discussed when looking at the effect of the building [rules] .

Septic tanks and cesspools were discussed earlier under ’ building regulations ’ .
septic tanks and cesspools were discussed earlier under ’ building [rules] ’ .

Then Mr Stein would have two permits and regulations do n't like that .
then mr stein would have two permits and [rules] do n't like that .

Stephen and he agreed that in view of the value to the island of Crystal Springs ' recruitment plans , the regulations would be waived this time and Michael Stein 's long-term permit would be processed as quickly as possible .
stephen and he agreed that in view of the value to the island of crystal springs ' recruitment plans , the [rules] would be waived this time and michael stein 's long-term permit would be processed as quickly as possible .

You had to learn each officer 's quirks personally , because they not only interpreted the rules and regulations so very differently , they also made up their own as they went along .
you had to learn each officer 's quirks personally , because they not only interpreted the rules and [rules] so very differently , they also made up their own as they went along .

The Consolidated Regulations of the Inns of Court , together with the particulars of the scholarships and prizes available , can be had by applying to the Sub-Treasurer at the Inner Temple or to the Under-Treasurer at the other three Inns .
the consolidated [rules] of the inns of court , together with the particulars of the scholarships and prizes available , can be had by applying to the sub-treasurer at the inner temple or to the under-treasurer at the other three inns .

Under new Law Society regulations the articled clerk must be paid an ‘ acceptable ’ salary , the intention being that this shall be at least equivalent to the undergraduate maintenance grant , grossed up to cover 52 weeks instead of 38 and further increased to take account of the income tax and national insurance contributions payable .
under new law society [rules] the articled clerk must be paid an ‘ acceptable ’ salary , the intention being that this shall be at least equivalent to the undergraduate maintenance grant , grossed up to cover 52 weeks instead of 38 and further increased to take account of the income tax and national insurance contributions payable .

Before the new regulations were introduced it was found that most prospective solicitors gained some practical experience of : registered and unregistered conveyancing , landlord and tenant , matrimonial causes , probate and succession , family law , criminal law , accident claims , litigation generally and briefing counsel .
before the new [rules] were introduced it was found that most prospective solicitors gained some practical experience of : registered and unregistered conveyancing , landlord and tenant , matrimonial causes , probate and succession , family law , criminal law , accident claims , litigation generally and briefing counsel .

’ With a view toward facilitating the use of electronic bills of lading , the Law Commissions recommended that the Secretary of State be empowered to ‘ make provision by regulations for information given by means other than in writing to be of equivalent force and effect as if it had been given in writing .
’ with a view toward facilitating the use of electronic bills of lading , the law commissions recommended that the secretary of state be empowered to ‘ make provision by [rules] for information given by means other than in writing to be of equivalent force and effect as if it had been given in writing .

King 's Regulations allowed an officer to have outside accommodation and , if the Colonel-in-Chief did n't forbid it , it was none of ‘ Bythe-book ’ Campbell 's business .
king 's [rules] allowed an officer to have outside accommodation and , if the colonel-in-chief did n't forbid it , it was none of ‘ bythe-book ’ campbell 's business .

The complexity of the social security regulations and the attempts , during the 1980s , by Ministers to limit their applicability resulted in a series of judicial decisions .
the complexity of the social security [rules] and the attempts , during the 1980s , by ministers to limit their applicability resulted in a series of judicial decisions .

In 1985 regulations were held to be void as having no statutory authority where their purpose was to force able-bodied young people who lived on supplementary benefit to move from one area to another in search of employment .
in 1985 [rules] were held to be void as having no statutory authority where their purpose was to force able-bodied young people who lived on supplementary benefit to move from one area to another in search of employment .

As we shall see in the following chapter , mechanization has not been the only process responsible for this , but by enabling the farmer to de-bureaucratize his farm and place greater emphasis on developing the personal loyalty of his workforce rather than relying upon regulations and sanctions , it has been an important contributory factor .
as we shall see in the following chapter , mechanization has not been the only process responsible for this , but by enabling the farmer to de-bureaucratize his farm and place greater emphasis on developing the personal loyalty of his workforce rather than relying upon [rules] and sanctions , it has been an important contributory factor .

What was needed was the kind of laws and regulations , and tax structure , that would make the market society work , or allow it to work , and the kind of state services — defence , and even military expansion , education , sanitation , and various sorts of assistance to industry , such as tariffs and grants for railway development that were thought necessary to make the system run efficiently and profitably .
what was needed was the kind of laws and [rules] , and tax structure , that would make the market society work , or allow it to work , and the kind of state services — defence , and even military expansion , education , sanitation , and various sorts of assistance to industry , such as tariffs and grants for railway development that were thought necessary to make the system run efficiently and profitably .

All associations make rules and regulations for their conduct , and when men are associated politically these rules and regulations are called laws , the power to make these being the prerogative of the state and of no other association .
all associations make rules and [rules] for their conduct , and when men are associated politically these rules and [rules] are called laws , the power to make these being the prerogative of the state and of no other association .

Many , although appreciative of the education they received , felt that their schools were too strict in imposing petty regulations — a comment rarely made by students from mixed or comprehensive schools .
many , although appreciative of the education they received , felt that their schools were too strict in imposing petty [rules] — a comment rarely made by students from mixed or comprehensive schools .

This section of the labour market is also virtually non-unionized , providing for almost no representation on pay and working conditions , or health and safety regulations .
this section of the labour market is also virtually non-unionized , providing for almost no representation on pay and working conditions , or health and safety [rules] .

The process of admissions also varies , not only from one course to another , but between younger and older students , and from one institution to another : for example , the Open University is ‘ open ’ in terms of admissions , and there are normally special regulations relating to mature students ( on undergraduate courses , typically but not always those aged over 21 on entry ) .
the process of admissions also varies , not only from one course to another , but between younger and older students , and from one institution to another : for example , the open university is ‘ open ’ in terms of admissions , and there are normally special [rules] relating to mature students ( on undergraduate courses , typically but not always those aged over 21 on entry ) .

It alerts one to the importance of contextual factors such as those relating to the institution 's regulations , resources and ethos .
it alerts one to the importance of contextual factors such as those relating to the institution 's [rules] , resources and ethos .

No doubt , in the fullness of time , a structured institution would emerge , with all the rituals and regulations , and all the academic-territorial demarcations , conflicts and ambiguities , which typify the modern university , polytechnic or college .
no doubt , in the fullness of time , a structured institution would emerge , with all the rituals and [rules] , and all the academic-territorial demarcations , conflicts and ambiguities , which typify the modern university , polytechnic or college .

Professions are sometimes referred to as institutions , but the interesting point is that compared to many institutions they function less on the basis of formal , explicit regulations and codes than on informal , tacit norms and expectations .
professions are sometimes referred to as institutions , but the interesting point is that compared to many institutions they function less on the basis of formal , explicit [rules] and codes than on informal , tacit norms and expectations .

Secondary legislation is the name given to the vast body of rules , orders , regulations and by-laws created by subordinate bodies under specific powers delegated to those bodies by Parliament .
secondary legislation is the name given to the vast body of rules , orders , [rules] and by-laws created by subordinate bodies under specific powers delegated to those bodies by parliament .

Regulations .
[rules] .

Regulations .
[rules] .

Hence , regulations confer individual rights and duties which must be respected by the courts of the member states .
hence , [rules] confer individual rights and duties which must be respected by the courts of the member states .

These , unlike regulations , do not necessarily have immediate binding force .
these , unlike [rules] , do not necessarily have immediate binding force .

The articles of a company are the regulations for its internal management .
the articles of a company are the [rules] for its internal management .

Sections 3 and 8 of the Companies Act 1985 authorize the Secretary of State to make regulations specifying forms of memorandum and articles for the different categories of registered companies .
sections 3 and 8 of the companies act 1985 authorize the secretary of state to make [rules] specifying forms of memorandum and articles for the different categories of registered companies .

Under the Public Health Acts building regulations have been imposed which cover the quality of materials and procedures to be followed during construction .
under the public health acts building [rules] have been imposed which cover the quality of materials and procedures to be followed during construction .

This definition of deindustrialization is concerned with the ability of the economy to produce a socially acceptable level of employment ( full employment ) in a context where the unemployment level is itself a product of government regulations about definitions and individuals ' propensity to register .
this definition of deindustrialization is concerned with the ability of the economy to produce a socially acceptable level of employment ( full employment ) in a context where the unemployment level is itself a product of government [rules] about definitions and individuals ' propensity to register .

According to Hanan ( 1969 ) , a venture team is characterized by being relatively small , by being composed of members from various functional areas working full-time on the project , by being willing to take risks , by having a broad objective that is not well defined at the start , by having sufficient resources , by being segregated from the permanent organization , and by having great freedom with a minimum of corporate rules and regulations .
according to hanan ( 1969 ) , a venture team is characterized by being relatively small , by being composed of members from various functional areas working full-time on the project , by being willing to take risks , by having a broad objective that is not well defined at the start , by having sufficient resources , by being segregated from the permanent organization , and by having great freedom with a minimum of corporate rules and [rules] .

Locally , for example , Thirsk ( 1973 , p. 262 ) notes that ‘ The nature of the farming economy in each agricultural region gave a certain bias to its bylaws ; communities inhabiting the same kinds of countryside upheld some regulations with great fidelity , while others did not ’ .
locally , for example , thirsk ( 1973 , p. 262 ) notes that ‘ the nature of the farming economy in each agricultural region gave a certain bias to its bylaws ; communities inhabiting the same kinds of countryside upheld some [rules] with great fidelity , while others did not ’ .

Some , as a result , have complained that regulations are ‘ poorly enforced ’ and legislation is ‘ ineffective ’ ( Gunningham , 1974:56 ; also Freeman and Haveman , 1973 ; Zwick and Benstock , 1971 ) , or that ‘ a tradition of relatively weak enforcement prevails ’ ( Bernstein , 1955:223 ) .
some , as a result , have complained that [rules] are ‘ poorly enforced ’ and legislation is ‘ ineffective ’ ( gunningham , 1974:56 ; also freeman and haveman , 1973 ; zwick and benstock , 1971 ) , or that ‘ a tradition of relatively weak enforcement prevails ’ ( bernstein , 1955:223 ) .

One of the themes of this book is that strategies of control employed in the enforcement of pollution regulations are shaped by features inherent in the nature of regulation itself .
one of the themes of this book is that strategies of control employed in the enforcement of pollution [rules] are shaped by features inherent in the nature of regulation itself .

Most people , indeed , are unwilling to talk of ‘ crime ’ when they discuss breach of pollution regulations : this sort of language is considered appropriate only where clearly blameworthy conduct exists — where there is a calculated breach of regulation , or where the polluting substance concerned is widely known to be dangerous and there was carelessness or recklessness in handling it .
most people , indeed , are unwilling to talk of ‘ crime ’ when they discuss breach of pollution [rules] : this sort of language is considered appropriate only where clearly blameworthy conduct exists — where there is a calculated breach of regulation , or where the polluting substance concerned is widely known to be dangerous and there was carelessness or recklessness in handling it .

But even among these writers the predominant conception of organizational crime is of individual traditional crime , in the form of the various kinds of dishonesty committed by corporations , rather than one of the violation of the host of criminally-enforceable regulations to which organizations are subject .
but even among these writers the predominant conception of organizational crime is of individual traditional crime , in the form of the various kinds of dishonesty committed by corporations , rather than one of the violation of the host of criminally-enforceable [rules] to which organizations are subject .

The responsibility for detecting pollution and enforcing regulations in the two water authorities studied rests with a policing section or inspectorate .
the responsibility for detecting pollution and enforcing [rules] in the two water authorities studied rests with a policing section or inspectorate .

As enforcement of water pollution regulations places demands on polluters of time , manpower , and money , one of the basic premises informing routine pollution control work is the assumption that every discharger has a substantial economic incentive to evade enforcement : ‘ Everyone will try to get out of it , or say it was n't them .
as enforcement of water pollution [rules] places demands on polluters of time , manpower , and money , one of the basic premises informing routine pollution control work is the assumption that every discharger has a substantial economic incentive to evade enforcement : ‘ everyone will try to get out of it , or say it was n't them .

They were not , however , fully tenanted , perhaps because the ‘ stringent regulations as to the hours of closing and constant supervision ’ discouraged the single women for whom they were intended .
they were not , however , fully tenanted , perhaps because the ‘ stringent [rules] as to the hours of closing and constant supervision ’ discouraged the single women for whom they were intended .

The burial regulations and provision of mourning `` , notes Stephen Jones , `` make it plain that many a coasting man did not want to go to his maker like his deep-sea brother , sliding down a plank in a canvas sack with the last stitch through his nose `` .
the burial [rules] and provision of mourning `` , notes stephen jones , `` make it plain that many a coasting man did not want to go to his maker like his deep-sea brother , sliding down a plank in a canvas sack with the last stitch through his nose `` .

The 1850 Act was regarded with horror by the shipowners who saw the observance of petty regulations added to the loss of their rights to carry freight in British bottoms .
the 1850 act was regarded with horror by the shipowners who saw the observance of petty [rules] added to the loss of their rights to carry freight in british bottoms .

Even more obnoxious were the charges to be made at Shipping Offices at each engagement and discharge and the disciplinary regulations which the government had appended to the Act .
even more obnoxious were the charges to be made at shipping offices at each engagement and discharge and the disciplinary [rules] which the government had appended to the act .

It also aimed to `` establish , so far as may be possible , a uniform rate of pay for the same class of worker in all ports and to establish a recognised working day and other regulations in the ports of the world `` . ``
it also aimed to `` establish , so far as may be possible , a uniform rate of pay for the same class of worker in all ports and to establish a recognised working day and other [rules] in the ports of the world `` . ``

The regulations determining how short spells of employment affect subsequent rights to Unemployment Benefit are often unclearly presented , even in specialist publications ( for example , Smith/Rowland , 1986 ) .
the [rules] determining how short spells of employment affect subsequent rights to unemployment benefit are often unclearly presented , even in specialist publications ( for example , smith/rowland , 1986 ) .

If , in a time of reduced employment opportunities , unemployed people rather than more traditional seasonal workers are filling a share of seasonal jobs , and if they develop a pattern of working in this fashion , they could be penalised by these regulations ( see Hansard , 4/2/87 ) .
if , in a time of reduced employment opportunities , unemployed people rather than more traditional seasonal workers are filling a share of seasonal jobs , and if they develop a pattern of working in this fashion , they could be penalised by these [rules] ( see hansard , 4/2/87 ) .

In one case , however , a misunderstanding of what are admittedly very unclear social security regulations meant that the minimum period was twice as long as would have been necessary to satisfy this objective .
in one case , however , a misunderstanding of what are admittedly very unclear social security [rules] meant that the minimum period was twice as long as would have been necessary to satisfy this objective .

Informations were laid against him relating to offences under the Food Hygiene ( General ) Regulations 1970 and the Electricity at Work Regulations 1990 .
informations were laid against him relating to offences under the food hygiene ( general ) [rules] 1970 and the electricity at work [rules] 1990 .

This may seem melodramatic , particularly with Clinton 's high draft number , but as Strobe Talbot points out , the draft regulations were constantly being changed .
this may seem melodramatic , particularly with clinton 's high draft number , but as strobe talbot points out , the draft [rules] were constantly being changed .

In addition , the industry 's preference for an inexpensive way to meet tougher environmental regulations leads to different research goals from those of the administration .
in addition , the industry 's preference for an inexpensive way to meet tougher environmental [rules] leads to different research goals from those of the administration .

The low-emission consortium deals with technology that will cut petrol engine emissions to meet the tightening regulations .
the low-emission consortium deals with technology that will cut petrol engine emissions to meet the tightening [rules] .

Clark ( 1982a , 1982b ) cites the example of the Lake District , where planning board regulations concerning slate roofs can add £2,000 to the price of a house .
clark ( 1982a , 1982b ) cites the example of the lake district , where planning board [rules] concerning slate roofs can add £2,000 to the price of a house .

Caravans can serve the function of temporary housing for homeless persons , but too often regulations on their seasonal use are ignored even by local authorities to avoid the creation of homeless families who would have to be rehoused ( Larkin 1979 ) .
caravans can serve the function of temporary housing for homeless persons , but too often [rules] on their seasonal use are ignored even by local authorities to avoid the creation of homeless families who would have to be rehoused ( larkin 1979 ) .

On 22 March 1988 a further notice under regulation 7 of the Police ( Discipline ) Regulations 1985 was served on the respondent .
on 22 march 1988 a further notice under regulation 7 of the police ( discipline ) [rules] 1985 was served on the respondent .

Held , granting the applications and remitting the case to the magistrates , the essence of the defence case was an allegation that the prosecutor had dishonestly contrived to manipulate the prosecution process so as to avoid the consequences of the legislation which brought the applicants within the custody time limit regulations .
held , granting the applications and remitting the case to the magistrates , the essence of the defence case was an allegation that the prosecutor had dishonestly contrived to manipulate the prosecution process so as to avoid the consequences of the legislation which brought the applicants within the custody time limit [rules] .

Further , the magistrates should have considered the guidance and regulations in volume 1 of The Children Act 1989 Guidance and Regulations , vol .
further , the magistrates should have considered the guidance and [rules] in volume 1 of the children act 1989 guidance and [rules] , vol .

‘ the justices were under a duty to make any secure accommodation order only for as long as was necessary ’ — and again the guidance and regulations are referred to — ‘ In the light of the evidence that a full planning meeting was due to be held on 30 December 1991 the magistrates should either have adjourned the application until after that meeting or should have made an order to last until shortly after that meeting .
‘ the justices were under a duty to make any secure accommodation order only for as long as was necessary ’ — and again the guidance and [rules] are referred to — ‘ in the light of the evidence that a full planning meeting was due to be held on 30 december 1991 the magistrates should either have adjourned the application until after that meeting or should have made an order to last until shortly after that meeting .

Emergency regulations empowered the government to declare virtual martial law at will .
emergency [rules] empowered the government to declare virtual martial law at will .

Your investigators now will not only have to keep to the law but they will have to obey regulations as well , or only occasionally and with their eye very much over their shoulder slide past them .
your investigators now will not only have to keep to the law but they will have to obey [rules] as well , or only occasionally and with their eye very much over their shoulder slide past them .

Suddenly he exploded , yelled at the porter to buzz off , and broke union regulations by pushing the children 's luggage himself to the two West Indian women who were meeting them .
suddenly he exploded , yelled at the porter to buzz off , and broke union [rules] by pushing the children 's luggage himself to the two west indian women who were meeting them .

Either they would send a rescue party , or they would adhere to quarantine regulations and he would be marooned on Tarvaras .
either they would send a rescue party , or they would adhere to quarantine [rules] and he would be marooned on tarvaras .

He guessed that somewhere aboard the survey vessel a meeting was in progress to determine whether or not the quarantine regulations were to be obeyed , and whether that adherence meant that he ought to be abandoned .
he guessed that somewhere aboard the survey vessel a meeting was in progress to determine whether or not the quarantine [rules] were to be obeyed , and whether that adherence meant that he ought to be abandoned .

If the quarantine regulations had already been broken by the landing of the escape pod , so the opposing argument would run , then surely it would be a second and far more serious breach to despatch a lifeboat on a rescue mission , especially since the size of such a vehicle increased the risk of inhabitant contact a thousandfold .
if the quarantine [rules] had already been broken by the landing of the escape pod , so the opposing argument would run , then surely it would be a second and far more serious breach to despatch a lifeboat on a rescue mission , especially since the size of such a vehicle increased the risk of inhabitant contact a thousandfold .

Broadcasting regulations prevent anyone appealing for money on a programme like that , but he sidestepped the rules very smartly .
broadcasting [rules] prevent anyone appealing for money on a programme like that , but he sidestepped the rules very smartly .

‘ controlling the emission into the atmosphere of noxious or offensive substances … ’ In order to promote these purposes the Secretary of State , normally on the advice of the Health and Safety Commission , has power to make ‘ health and safety regulations ’ which will give rise to civil liability except in so far as they provide otherwise .
‘ controlling the emission into the atmosphere of noxious or offensive substances … ’ in order to promote these purposes the secretary of state , normally on the advice of the health and safety commission , has power to make ‘ health and safety [rules] ’ which will give rise to civil liability except in so far as they provide otherwise .

To the extent that these regulations impose absolute duties they may , accordingly , provide any persons injured thereby with an effective civil remedy .
to the extent that these [rules] impose absolute duties they may , accordingly , provide any persons injured thereby with an effective civil remedy .

Many Acts allow governments to promote subsequent changes and new regulations .
many acts allow governments to promote subsequent changes and new [rules] .

They will look in vain for detailed information on , for example , the housing benefit scheme or the ‘ social fund ’ in the Act : this is contained in subsequent regulations .
they will look in vain for detailed information on , for example , the housing benefit scheme or the ‘ social fund ’ in the act : this is contained in subsequent [rules] .

In particular actual benefit rates are not included in such legislation but set out in regulations which are regularly updated and amended
in particular actual benefit rates are not included in such legislation but set out in [rules] which are regularly updated and amended

We can contrast , for example , the comparatively strict ways in which regulations under the 1986 Social Security Act instruct local authorities in the administration of housing rebates , with powers given ( originally in the 1963 Children and Young Persons Act , now in the 1980 Child Care Act ) to local authorities to make money payments , in exceptional circumstances to prevent children being taken into care , where no attempt has been made to prescribe how this should be done .
we can contrast , for example , the comparatively strict ways in which [rules] under the 1986 social security act instruct local authorities in the administration of housing rebates , with powers given ( originally in the 1963 children and young persons act , now in the 1980 child care act ) to local authorities to make money payments , in exceptional circumstances to prevent children being taken into care , where no attempt has been made to prescribe how this should be done .

It is humiliating to be living in debt and squalor in the midst of affluence and bewildering to feel helpless in the face of laws , regulations and procedures that one can not understand .
it is humiliating to be living in debt and squalor in the midst of affluence and bewildering to feel helpless in the face of laws , [rules] and procedures that one can not understand .

These regulations put a premium on formal job search methods which can be recorded , such as Jobcentres and newspapers , rather than informal methods of seeking employment , such as unsolicited visits or letters to employers .
these [rules] put a premium on formal job search methods which can be recorded , such as jobcentres and newspapers , rather than informal methods of seeking employment , such as unsolicited visits or letters to employers .

Not surprisingly , employers have reported an increase in formal methods , especially Jobcentres , and unsolicited written applications from the unemployed since the regulations came into force ( Callender and Metcalf , 1991 ) .
not surprisingly , employers have reported an increase in formal methods , especially jobcentres , and unsolicited written applications from the unemployed since the [rules] came into force ( callender and metcalf , 1991 ) .

Hence , these regulations penalise those unemployed who use successful , but the least observable , job search strategies and may discourage them from using those strategies .
hence , these [rules] penalise those unemployed who use successful , but the least observable , job search strategies and may discourage them from using those strategies .

Other recent regulations concern the suspension of unemployment benefit or a reduction of income support for people who left their job voluntarily without good cause .
other recent [rules] concern the suspension of unemployment benefit or a reduction of income support for people who left their job voluntarily without good cause .

Rather than increasing claimants ' economic independence , studies tracking the impact of the new social security regulations point to increasing debt and increasing dependency on kin ( Craig , 1991 ; Craig and Glendinning , 1990a , 1990b ; Cohen , 1991 a , 1991b ) .
rather than increasing claimants ' economic independence , studies tracking the impact of the new social security [rules] point to increasing debt and increasing dependency on kin ( craig , 1991 ; craig and glendinning , 1990a , 1990b ; cohen , 1991 a , 1991b ) .

But the final report from the Wagner Development group recommended nursing and social care provision could be made within one set of regulations , with homes registering under one inspectorate .
but the final report from the wagner development group recommended nursing and social care provision could be made within one set of [rules] , with homes registering under one inspectorate .

It is nonsensical for the government to suggest the benefit changes are , to quote the title of the regulations , ‘ consequent upon the introduction of community care ’ .
it is nonsensical for the government to suggest the benefit changes are , to quote the title of the [rules] , ‘ consequent upon the introduction of community care ’ .

At many subsequent meetings there are regulations laid down for the conduct of the Pacquet , and a committee appointed to see that they were conformed to .
at many subsequent meetings there are [rules] laid down for the conduct of the pacquet , and a committee appointed to see that they were conformed to .

At many subsequent meetings there are regulations laid down for the conduct of the Pacquet , and a committee appointed to see that they were conformed to .
at many subsequent meetings there are [rules] laid down for the conduct of the pacquet , and a committee appointed to see that they were conformed to .

In 1934 the Hall Committee made a set of regulations for lending which were stuck in each book on a numbered bookplate ; the highest number remaining is over 800 .
in 1934 the hall committee made a set of [rules] for lending which were stuck in each book on a numbered bookplate ; the highest number remaining is over 800 .

Under the Control of Substances Hazardous to Health Regulations the employer is required to ensure safe working practices , but recent studies have led to serious reservations about the reliability of this two tier system for venepuncture .
under the control of substances hazardous to health [rules] the employer is required to ensure safe working practices , but recent studies have led to serious reservations about the reliability of this two tier system for venepuncture .

And see whether or not there is basis for an agreement on that because if it is possible to get an agreement on that it is infinitely easier to persuade the government that regulations have to be written which cover all of these issues and cover all of the sectors and that therefore makes it easier to create a situation in which it is not possible for an independent company that wish to ignore the good practice guidelines to simply go ahead and do so .
and see whether or not there is basis for an agreement on that because if it is possible to get an agreement on that it is infinitely easier to persuade the government that [rules] have to be written which cover all of these issues and cover all of the sectors and that therefore makes it easier to create a situation in which it is not possible for an independent company that wish to ignore the good practice guidelines to simply go ahead and do so .

The 1983 circular invited applications for pilot project funding and it also set out new rules and regulations , new guidelines for joint working , not only between the health service and local authorities but also between statutory and voluntary agencies .
the 1983 circular invited applications for pilot project funding and it also set out new rules and [rules] , new guidelines for joint working , not only between the health service and local authorities but also between statutory and voluntary agencies .

The faculty has regularly reviewed both its membership examination regulations and syllabus and its training recommendations over the past 20 years to ensure that they keep up to date , most recently with a complete revision last year , and it is continually striving to improve education and training in the specialty .
the faculty has regularly reviewed both its membership examination [rules] and syllabus and its training recommendations over the past 20 years to ensure that they keep up to date , most recently with a complete revision last year , and it is continually striving to improve education and training in the specialty .

It seems rather ironic that we are going to make life more difficult for the vast majority of English speaking North American graduates when under European Community regulations we now grant full registration to doctors from several European countries .
it seems rather ironic that we are going to make life more difficult for the vast majority of english speaking north american graduates when under european community [rules] we now grant full registration to doctors from several european countries .

Ever tighter regulations are being introduced to protect the environment from emissions contributing to the greenhouse effect or acid rain .
ever tighter [rules] are being introduced to protect the environment from emissions contributing to the greenhouse effect or acid rain .

Two further concerns have been generated by the massive growth in the number of private residential and nursing homes following changes in social security regulations in the past decade .
two further concerns have been generated by the massive growth in the number of private residential and nursing homes following changes in social security [rules] in the past decade .

Despite Smith 's editorial and Esmail and Everington 's short report the medical establishment in Britain will do little to correct the situation other than wonder how to find new barriers or regulations to stop the foreign sounding names appearing in applications before them .
despite smith 's editorial and esmail and everington 's short report the medical establishment in britain will do little to correct the situation other than wonder how to find new barriers or [rules] to stop the foreign sounding names appearing in applications before them .

Although in some countries participation in practical work is restricted ( because of employment regulations , for example ) , in most places it is possible for anyone to become involved in some aspect of archaeology .
although in some countries participation in practical work is restricted ( because of employment [rules] , for example ) , in most places it is possible for anyone to become involved in some aspect of archaeology .

The chairman was charged by regulations with the supervision of the overall conduct of cases before NILTs .
the chairman was charged by [rules] with the supervision of the overall conduct of cases before nilts .

There are detailed rules contained in regulations , which can be used strategically by representatives , and the documents used to outline the grounds of claims are increasingly being regarded as pleadings , so that inconsistencies or changes of tack revealed later may prejudice the parties .
there are detailed rules contained in [rules] , which can be used strategically by representatives , and the documents used to outline the grounds of claims are increasingly being regarded as pleadings , so that inconsistencies or changes of tack revealed later may prejudice the parties .

Finally , in cases involving legal aid , legal aid rates are established by regulations and it will be these which determine the amount payable to the solicitor out of the Legal Aid Fund for work done whether contentious or non-contentious .
finally , in cases involving legal aid , legal aid rates are established by [rules] and it will be these which determine the amount payable to the solicitor out of the legal aid fund for work done whether contentious or non-contentious .

It is a breach of the legal aid regulations for a solicitor to receive money for fees from a client who is legally aided other than the contribution payable under the Green Form scheme .
it is a breach of the legal aid [rules] for a solicitor to receive money for fees from a client who is legally aided other than the contribution payable under the green form scheme .

Branson and Berry had brought with them a suitcase containing several thousands of American dollars , which was carried coolly through Customs , in defiance of the local currency regulations .
branson and berry had brought with them a suitcase containing several thousands of american dollars , which was carried coolly through customs , in defiance of the local currency [rules] .

Of course , Branson explained , the whole scheme would be in profit very quickly : the real bonus was that under the regulations governing hospital radio , which is also transmitted by cable , Music Box would not actually be legally obliged to pay any of the standard performers ' royalties .
of course , branson explained , the whole scheme would be in profit very quickly : the real bonus was that under the [rules] governing hospital radio , which is also transmitted by cable , music box would not actually be legally obliged to pay any of the standard performers ' royalties .

‘ The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision as to — … ( b ) the circumstances in which , and conditions subject to which , terms of any order under this section may be departed from by agreement between the local authority and the person in relation to whom the order is made ; …
‘ the secretary of state may by [rules] make provision as to — … ( b ) the circumstances in which , and conditions subject to which , terms of any order under this section may be departed from by agreement between the local authority and the person in relation to whom the order is made ; …

Such regulations have been made .
such [rules] have been made .

By a notice of appeal dated 6 September 1991 the solicitors appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) under section 6(2) of the Act of 1986 the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of section 3 of the Act to repay to investors sums paid by them to Pantell and ( b ) under section 61(1) of the Act the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of any rules , regulations or provisions referred to in that section to repay to investors sums paid by them to Pantell ; ( 2 ) the court had no jurisdiction under sections 6(2) and 61(1) to award claims for compensation for loss against persons knowingly concerned in such contraventions in contrast to sections 6(3) to ( 7 ) and sections 61(3) to ( 7 ) ; ( 3 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) the power of the court under section 6(2) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court might direct for restoring the parties to the transaction to the position in which they were before the transaction was entered into and ( b ) the power of the court under section 61(1) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention of the rules , regulations or provisions referred to in that section to take such steps as the court might direct to remedy it included power to make a financial award against such person directing payment by that person to individual investors of sums equivalent to the amounts paid by such investors pursuant to the said transaction , neither subsection empowering the court to order restitution by the repayment of moneys outside the possession or control of the person concerned ; and ( 4 ) the judge erred in law ( a ) in his construction of sections 6(2) and 61(1) in failing to have regard to the principle ‘ generalibus specialia derogant , ’ in particular in holding that there could exist within each of sections 6 and 61 two parallel powers to order financial redress at the suit of the plaintiff , one derived from sections 6(3) and 6(4) and sections 61(3) and 61(4) respectively , which was subject to the limitations set out in those and subsequent subsections , and the other derived from section 6(2) and section 61(1) , which was subject to no such limitations ; ( b ) in rejecting the submission that sections 6 and 61 were essentially procedural and did not create new substantive legal rights and remedies ; and ( c ) in failing to have regard to the fact that the orders sought under paragraphs 11 and 13 of the prayer to the amended statement of claim required payment to the plaintiff or alternatively into court of moneys recovered thereunder from the solicitors despite the absence of any provisions for such orders in the Act , his dismissal of the summons being inconsistent with his finding that there was no provision in sections 6(2) or 61(1) directing payment into court and that any order under the sections would have to direct repayment of the sum paid to each individual investor who had made the original payment .
by a notice of appeal dated 6 september 1991 the solicitors appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) under section 6(2) of the act of 1986 the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of section 3 of the act to repay to investors sums paid by them to pantell and ( b ) under section 61(1) of the act the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of any rules , [rules] or provisions referred to in that section to repay to investors sums paid by them to pantell ; ( 2 ) the court had no jurisdiction under sections 6(2) and 61(1) to award claims for compensation for loss against persons knowingly concerned in such contraventions in contrast to sections 6(3) to ( 7 ) and sections 61(3) to ( 7 ) ; ( 3 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) the power of the court under section 6(2) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court might direct for restoring the parties to the transaction to the position in which they were before the transaction was entered into and ( b ) the power of the court under section 61(1) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention of the rules , [rules] or provisions referred to in that section to take such steps as the court might direct to remedy it included power to make a financial award against such person directing payment by that person to individual investors of sums equivalent to the amounts paid by such investors pursuant to the said transaction , neither subsection empowering the court to order restitution by the repayment of moneys outside the possession or control of the person concerned ; and ( 4 ) the judge erred in law ( a ) in his construction of sections 6(2) and 61(1) in failing to have regard to the principle ‘ generalibus specialia derogant , ’ in particular in holding that there could exist within each of sections 6 and 61 two parallel powers to order financial redress at the suit of the plaintiff , one derived from sections 6(3) and 6(4) and sections 61(3) and 61(4) respectively , which was subject to the limitations set out in those and subsequent subsections , and the other derived from section 6(2) and section 61(1) , which was subject to no such limitations ; ( b ) in rejecting the submission that sections 6 and 61 were essentially procedural and did not create new substantive legal rights and remedies ; and ( c ) in failing to have regard to the fact that the orders sought under paragraphs 11 and 13 of the prayer to the amended statement of claim required payment to the plaintiff or alternatively into court of moneys recovered thereunder from the solicitors despite the absence of any provisions for such orders in the act , his dismissal of the summons being inconsistent with his finding that there was no provision in sections 6(2) or 61(1) directing payment into court and that any order under the sections would have to direct repayment of the sum paid to each individual investor who had made the original payment .

Sections 61 and 62 of the Act provide remedies for contraventions of these , and other , statutory prohibitions and regulations .
sections 61 and 62 of the act provide remedies for contraventions of these , and other , statutory prohibitions and [rules] .

‘ ( 1 ) If on the application of the Secretary of State the court is satisfied — ( a ) that there is a reasonable likelihood that any person will contravene any provision of — ( i ) rules or regulations made under this Chapter ; ( ii ) sections 47 , 56 , 57 , or 59 above ; … ( c ) that any person has contravened any such provision or condition and that there are steps that could be taken for remedying the contravention , the court may grant an injunction restraining the contravention … or , as the case may be , make an order requiring that person and any other person … knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court may direct to remedy it .
‘ ( 1 ) if on the application of the secretary of state the court is satisfied — ( a ) that there is a reasonable likelihood that any person will contravene any provision of — ( i ) rules or [rules] made under this chapter ; ( ii ) sections 47 , 56 , 57 , or 59 above ; … ( c ) that any person has contravened any such provision or condition and that there are steps that could be taken for remedying the contravention , the court may grant an injunction restraining the contravention … or , as the case may be , make an order requiring that person and any other person … knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court may direct to remedy it .

The judges , with the concurrence of the Inns of Court , resolved when these arrangements were created that disciplinary powers over barristers should be exercised in accordance with the regulations governing the new Senate , and by those regulations a committee of the Senate , known as the disciplinary tribunal , exercised those powers .
the judges , with the concurrence of the inns of court , resolved when these arrangements were created that disciplinary powers over barristers should be exercised in accordance with the [rules] governing the new senate , and by those [rules] a committee of the senate , known as the disciplinary tribunal , exercised those powers .

However , he did call in his aid the fact that the Disciplinary Tribunal Regulations of the Inns ' Council permit evidence to be adduced which would not ordinarily be admissible in a court of law .
however , he did call in his aid the fact that the disciplinary tribunal [rules] of the inns ' council permit evidence to be adduced which would not ordinarily be admissible in a court of law .

By section 27 ( 9 ) of the Act the ‘ qualification regulations ’ of an ‘ authorised body , ’ which the Advisory Committee has the duty to approve , mean only the regulations ( however they may be described ) as to the education and training which members of that body must receive in order to be entitled to any right of audience granted by it ; and in the same way ‘ rules of conduct , ’ which it has a duty to approve , mean only the rules ( however they may be described ) as to the conduct required of members of that body in exercising any such right of audience .
by section 27 ( 9 ) of the act the ‘ qualification [rules] ’ of an ‘ authorised body , ’ which the advisory committee has the duty to approve , mean only the [rules] ( however they may be described ) as to the education and training which members of that body must receive in order to be entitled to any right of audience granted by it ; and in the same way ‘ rules of conduct , ’ which it has a duty to approve , mean only the rules ( however they may be described ) as to the conduct required of members of that body in exercising any such right of audience .

The Act of 1988 and the Regulations of 1988 came into force on 1 December 1988 .
the act of 1988 and the [rules] of 1988 came into force on 1 december 1988 .

However , under section 13 ( 3 ) ( b ) and section 58 of the Act of 1988 in conjunction with regulation 66 of the Regulations of 1988 , the validity of registrations made under the previous Act were extended for a transitional period until 31 March 1989 .
however , under section 13 ( 3 ) ( b ) and section 58 of the act of 1988 in conjunction with regulation 66 of the [rules] of 1988 , the validity of registrations made under the previous act were extended for a transitional period until 31 march 1989 .

The Act and Regulations of 1988 came into force on 1 December 1988 .
the act and [rules] of 1988 came into force on 1 december 1988 .

On 13 June 1991 the House of Lords ordered , pursuant to section 18 of the Legal Aid Act 1988 that the defendant 's costs before the issue of his legal aid certificate should be paid out of the legal aid fund and , pursuant to regulations 143 and 147 of the Civil Legal Aid ( General ) Regulations 1989 , suspended the effect of that order to give the Legal Aid Board an opportunity to object .
on 13 june 1991 the house of lords ordered , pursuant to section 18 of the legal aid act 1988 that the defendant 's costs before the issue of his legal aid certificate should be paid out of the legal aid fund and , pursuant to [rules] 143 and 147 of the civil legal aid ( general ) [rules] 1989 , suspended the effect of that order to give the legal aid board an opportunity to object .

It is again common ground that the appropriate course for the House now to take in accordance with regulation 143 of the Regulations of 1989 is to adjourn the hearing of the defendant 's application for an order under section 18 , which will automatically activate the procedure under regulation 147 requiring the defendant , if he is minded to pursue the matter , to file evidence in support of his claim .
it is again common ground that the appropriate course for the house now to take in accordance with regulation 143 of the [rules] of 1989 is to adjourn the hearing of the defendant 's application for an order under section 18 , which will automatically activate the procedure under regulation 147 requiring the defendant , if he is minded to pursue the matter , to file evidence in support of his claim .

Hearing of defendant 's application for order under section 18 of Act of 1988 adjourned in accordance with regulation 143 of Regulations of 1989 .
hearing of defendant 's application for order under section 18 of act of 1988 adjourned in accordance with regulation 143 of [rules] of 1989 .

‘ You should be aware that we are presently seeking leave to commence legal proceedings in connection with the Regulations and accordingly this payment is made without prejudice to any right to recover any payments made pursuant to the Regulations which may arise as a result of legal proceedings , or as a result of any future extinguishment or reduction of any liability under the said Regulations or otherwise .
‘ you should be aware that we are presently seeking leave to commence legal proceedings in connection with the [rules] and accordingly this payment is made without prejudice to any right to recover any payments made pursuant to the [rules] which may arise as a result of legal proceedings , or as a result of any future extinguishment or reduction of any liability under the said [rules] or otherwise .

First and foremost , the requirements of the Regulations as amplified in communications from the revenue amounted on their face to lawful demands from the Crown .
first and foremost , the requirements of the [rules] as amplified in communications from the revenue amounted on their face to lawful demands from the crown .

It is certainly of importance to both parties — to the revenue , which is concerned to maintain the traditional position under which the repayment of overpaid tax is essentially a matter for its own discretion ; and to Woolwich , which adopted a courageous and independent stance about the lawfulness of the underlying regulations , and now adopts a similar stance about the obligation of the revenue to repay tax exacted without lawful authority .
it is certainly of importance to both parties — to the revenue , which is concerned to maintain the traditional position under which the repayment of overpaid tax is essentially a matter for its own discretion ; and to woolwich , which adopted a courageous and independent stance about the lawfulness of the underlying [rules] , and now adopts a similar stance about the obligation of the revenue to repay tax exacted without lawful authority .

The revenue demanded and received payment of the sum by way of tax alleged to be due under regulations subsequently held by your Lordships ' House to be ultra vires .
the revenue demanded and received payment of the sum by way of tax alleged to be due under [rules] subsequently held by your lordships ' house to be ultra vires .

pursuant to demands made under the Income Tax ( Building Societies ) Regulations 1986 .
pursuant to demands made under the income tax ( building societies ) [rules] 1986 .

They did so under protest that the money was not due because the Regulations were ultra vires and void .
they did so under protest that the money was not due because the [rules] were ultra vires and void .

They immediately began proceedings for judicial review to challenge the validity of the Regulations .
they immediately began proceedings for judicial review to challenge the validity of the [rules] .

It is quite impossible to say that Woolwich paid to close a transaction since it protested that it was not liable and it immediately sought to establish that the regulations were void .
it is quite impossible to say that woolwich paid to close a transaction since it protested that it was not liable and it immediately sought to establish that the [rules] were void .

First and foremost , the requirements of the Regulations as amplified in communications from the revenue amounted on their face to lawful demands from the Crown .
first and foremost , the requirements of the [rules] as amplified in communications from the revenue amounted on their face to lawful demands from the crown .

By a respondent 's notice dated 28 February 1992 the father contended that in the event of the appeal being allowed in part the order should be varied so that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing the costs incurred by the father in the family proceedings court and that sum to be calculated by a costs draftsman by reference to the Legal Aid in Family Proceedings ( Remuneration ) Regulations 1991 or alternatively , to an order that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing in relating to the proceedings below calculated in the same way but excluding all or part of the costs incurred on 27 and 28 January 1992 .
by a respondent 's notice dated 28 february 1992 the father contended that in the event of the appeal being allowed in part the order should be varied so that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing the costs incurred by the father in the family proceedings court and that sum to be calculated by a costs draftsman by reference to the legal aid in family proceedings ( remuneration ) [rules] 1991 or alternatively , to an order that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing in relating to the proceedings below calculated in the same way but excluding all or part of the costs incurred on 27 and 28 january 1992 .

The grounds on which the father relied were , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the justices heard evidence from which they could properly conclude that his costs had been incurred as a result of the actions and omissions of the local authority ; ( 2 ) as there was no machinery for taxation of costs the justices were correct to assess the amount of the costs ; ( 3 ) the father was entitled to his costs incurred in the Family Proceedings court to the extent allowable under the Legal Aid in Family Proceedings ( Remuneration ) Regulations 1991 and the justices were correct to hold that the actions of the local authority justified making the costs order which included the costs of the hearing on 27 and 28 January 1992 .
the grounds on which the father relied were , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the justices heard evidence from which they could properly conclude that his costs had been incurred as a result of the actions and omissions of the local authority ; ( 2 ) as there was no machinery for taxation of costs the justices were correct to assess the amount of the costs ; ( 3 ) the father was entitled to his costs incurred in the family proceedings court to the extent allowable under the legal aid in family proceedings ( remuneration ) [rules] 1991 and the justices were correct to hold that the actions of the local authority justified making the costs order which included the costs of the hearing on 27 and 28 january 1992 .

Entry formalities in Fiji are strictly enforced and several visiting yachts have fallen foul of the regulations recently for not being aware of the correct procedure , writes Jimmy Cornell .
entry formalities in fiji are strictly enforced and several visiting yachts have fallen foul of the [rules] recently for not being aware of the correct procedure , writes jimmy cornell .

‘ We have very limited means to enforce our regulations .
‘ we have very limited means to enforce our [rules] .

( 4 ) In relation to food hygiene , the certificate from the appropriate authority should , in the case of an application for a new licence , state that the premises to which the application relates comply , or , in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , would comply , with the requirements of regulations made under section 13 of the Food and Drugs ( Scotland ) Act 1956 relating to construction , layout , drainage , ventilation , lighting and water supply or concerned with the provision of sanitary and washing facilities .
( 4 ) in relation to food hygiene , the certificate from the appropriate authority should , in the case of an application for a new licence , state that the premises to which the application relates comply , or , in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , would comply , with the requirements of [rules] made under section 13 of the food and drugs ( scotland ) act 1956 relating to construction , layout , drainage , ventilation , lighting and water supply or concerned with the provision of sanitary and washing facilities .

The warrant is not granted unless the proposed works are in accordance with the appropriate building regulations .
the warrant is not granted unless the proposed works are in accordance with the appropriate building [rules] .

( 4 ) The relevant regulations are the Food Hygiene ( Scotland ) Regulations 1959 to 1978 , which comprise the original regulations ( 5.1 .
( 4 ) the relevant [rules] are the food hygiene ( scotland ) [rules] 1959 to 1978 , which comprise the original [rules] ( 5.1 .

413 ) and the Food Hygiene ( Scotland ) Amendment Regulations 1961 , 1966 and 1978 ( 5.1 .
413 ) and the food hygiene ( scotland ) amendment [rules] 1961 , 1966 and 1978 ( 5.1 .

( 6 ) The provisions of this Act and of any byelaws or regulations made thereunder , other than provisions relating to permitted hours , shall apply to the sale of alcoholic liquor under subsection ( 1 ) above as if the sale took place on licensed premises and to the sale of alcoholic liquor under subsection ( 2 ) above as if the sale took place in the registered club .
( 6 ) the provisions of this act and of any byelaws or [rules] made thereunder , other than provisions relating to permitted hours , shall apply to the sale of alcoholic liquor under subsection ( 1 ) above as if the sale took place on licensed premises and to the sale of alcoholic liquor under subsection ( 2 ) above as if the sale took place in the registered club .

( 6 ) For " byelaws , " see s.38 and " regulations , " see 5.37 .
( 6 ) for " byelaws , " see s.38 and " [rules] , " see 5.37 .

( 6 ) The person to whom an occasional permission is granted shall ensure that the provisions of this Act or any byelaws or regulations made thereunder relating to the conduct of licensed premises are observed in the premises or place in respect of which the permission was granted as if he were the holder of a public house licence , and if he contravenes this subsection he shall be guilty of an offence : Provided that it shall be a defence for any person charged with an offence under this subsection if he proves that he used due diligence to prevent the occurrence of the offence .
( 6 ) the person to whom an occasional permission is granted shall ensure that the provisions of this act or any byelaws or [rules] made thereunder relating to the conduct of licensed premises are observed in the premises or place in respect of which the permission was granted as if he were the holder of a public house licence , and if he contravenes this subsection he shall be guilty of an offence : provided that it shall be a defence for any person charged with an offence under this subsection if he proves that he used due diligence to prevent the occurrence of the offence .

( 6 ) For `` byelaws `` and `` regulations , `` see ss.38 and 37 respectively .
( 6 ) for `` byelaws `` and `` [rules] , `` see ss.38 and 37 respectively .

Power of licensing board to make regulations
power of licensing board to make [rules]

Regulations made by a licensing court must be intra vires .
[rules] made by a licensing court must be intra vires .

Regulations may be made at any meeting .
[rules] may be made at any meeting .

Regulations made under this section must not delegate to one or more members of the licensing board , or to officials or other persons , except as authorised by the Act , any responsibility which must be exercised by the licensing board at any of their meetings .
[rules] made under this section must not delegate to one or more members of the licensing board , or to officials or other persons , except as authorised by the act , any responsibility which must be exercised by the licensing board at any of their meetings .

Flights carried out in Instrument Meterological Conditions and under Instrument Flight Rules are governed by local , national and international regulations .
flights carried out in instrument meterological conditions and under instrument flight rules are governed by local , national and international [rules] .

There is a comprehensive system of navigation and approach assistance available for air traffic operating within control areas and in instrument flying conditions that enable pilots to comply with these regulations .
there is a comprehensive system of navigation and approach assistance available for air traffic operating within control areas and in instrument flying conditions that enable pilots to comply with these [rules] .

Although the report found that the airlines training and operating regulations to be in order , it referred to the `` dubious basic training `` of the Captain .
although the report found that the airlines training and operating [rules] to be in order , it referred to the `` dubious basic training `` of the captain .

We would expect regulations to be drawn up under those headings in the hope that the privatised companies would be obliged to act upon them .
we would expect [rules] to be drawn up under those headings in the hope that the privatised companies would be obliged to act upon them .

The Government promised to consult the disabled persons transport advisory committee on the introduction of new regulations that would result in better standards of accessibility to buses for the handicapped and the disabled .
the government promised to consult the disabled persons transport advisory committee on the introduction of new [rules] that would result in better standards of accessibility to buses for the handicapped and the disabled .

If we add to that the distinct empires which units and special schools often constitute and whose border crossings have indeterminate customs regulations , then there is scope for duplication and confusion in most LEAs ' provision .
if we add to that the distinct empires which units and special schools often constitute and whose border crossings have indeterminate customs [rules] , then there is scope for duplication and confusion in most leas ' provision .

It has been confined to an interpretation of the specific regulations .
it has been confined to an interpretation of the specific [rules] .

Subjectively worded regulations were treated literally , and the courts eschewed any attempt to persuade them to judge the necessity or reasonableness of such regulations .
subjectively worded [rules] were treated literally , and the courts eschewed any attempt to persuade them to judge the necessity or reasonableness of such [rules] .

In consumer matters these rights have not stood the test of time , and in modern economic conditions , Britain and other Western nations have had to introduce numerous statutory regulations to clarify and indeed strengthen the rights of individual consumers .
in consumer matters these rights have not stood the test of time , and in modern economic conditions , britain and other western nations have had to introduce numerous statutory [rules] to clarify and indeed strengthen the rights of individual consumers .

The consumer 's physical safety is considered in the Consumer Safety Act , 1978 , which draws up regulations to minimise risks to consumers from potentially dangerous products , such as oil heaters , electric blankets and certain children 's toys .
the consumer 's physical safety is considered in the consumer safety act , 1978 , which draws up [rules] to minimise risks to consumers from potentially dangerous products , such as oil heaters , electric blankets and certain children 's toys .

Obviously an approach which involves regulating emissions from millions of stationary and mobile pollution sources which have varying characteristics , locations and use patterns is not simple and the strategy produces a complex set of control regulations .
obviously an approach which involves regulating emissions from millions of stationary and mobile pollution sources which have varying characteristics , locations and use patterns is not simple and the strategy produces a complex set of control [rules] .

Such a model is central to the management of air quality in order that alternative regulations of emissions can be examined for compliance with air quality standards .
such a model is central to the management of air quality in order that alternative [rules] of emissions can be examined for compliance with air quality standards .

Criticisms of the pollution control regulations frequently imply that the high cost of compliance leads to plant closures and curtailments , which in turn translate into unemployment .
criticisms of the pollution control [rules] frequently imply that the high cost of compliance leads to plant closures and curtailments , which in turn translate into unemployment .

The Emissions Trading Policy marks a new chapter in flexibility in administrating federal regulations .
the emissions trading policy marks a new chapter in flexibility in administrating federal [rules] .

By encouraging people to vote against the complex at elections it is expected that legislature will then be able to pass laws and regulations and make institutional changes which will expunge this cancerous growth from American society .
by encouraging people to vote against the complex at elections it is expected that legislature will then be able to pass laws and [rules] and make institutional changes which will expunge this cancerous growth from american society .

Ultimately , this approach argues , this can result in the reform of existing political institutions and the creation of new public policies and regulations which will control the military-industrial complex .
ultimately , this approach argues , this can result in the reform of existing political institutions and the creation of new public policies and [rules] which will control the military-industrial complex .

My electrical capabilities go no further than being able to wire a plug — and even that we are n't ( officially ) allowed to do in the lab : the safety regulations demand that a qualified electrician should carry out this skilled task .
my electrical capabilities go no further than being able to wire a plug — and even that we are n't ( officially ) allowed to do in the lab : the safety [rules] demand that a qualified electrician should carry out this skilled task .

Under regulations introduced in 1982 , any overseas visitor who falls sick and requires treatment other than in an accident or emergency will be charged for his or her treatment on a special scale of charges reflecting the ‘ full cost ’ of the care .
under [rules] introduced in 1982 , any overseas visitor who falls sick and requires treatment other than in an accident or emergency will be charged for his or her treatment on a special scale of charges reflecting the ‘ full cost ’ of the care .

Tarvaras was a quarantine world , cut off from contact with the rest of the universe by orbiting weapons platforms which were programmed to destroy any craft which did not identify itself with the appropriate recognition codes , and it had seemed unlikely that the civilian survey crew would be tempted to break the stringent regulations which applied to the situation .
tarvaras was a quarantine world , cut off from contact with the rest of the universe by orbiting weapons platforms which were programmed to destroy any craft which did not identify itself with the appropriate recognition codes , and it had seemed unlikely that the civilian survey crew would be tempted to break the stringent [rules] which applied to the situation .

The present institutional structure is based on regulations contained in the 1964 Police Act .
the present institutional structure is based on [rules] contained in the 1964 police act .

Nevertheless , in accordance with the regulations of the shipping company , they had all been obliged to buy return tickets .
nevertheless , in accordance with the [rules] of the shipping company , they had all been obliged to buy return tickets .

The report is a remarkable admission that despite tightening of Lloyds ' regulations such frauds will continue .
the report is a remarkable admission that despite tightening of lloyds ' [rules] such frauds will continue .

The adequacy of the safety regulations , which allowed lighter craft to use the same bridge arches as heavy vessels was criticised , and immediate changes in regulations were brought .
the adequacy of the safety [rules] , which allowed lighter craft to use the same bridge arches as heavy vessels was criticised , and immediate changes in [rules] were brought .

There are no regulations which limit the hours ships ' crews work , unlike land transport workers .
there are no [rules] which limit the hours ships ' crews work , unlike land transport workers .

All these regulations are seen as impediments and burdens on the industry .
all these [rules] are seen as impediments and burdens on the industry .

However , the change in safety regulations and the harder line taken is not sufficient compensation for the curtailing and running down of health and safety inspections , nor the differences in health and safety regulations which exist between companies operating on land , and those , such as contractors on off-shore oil rigs who are at sea .
however , the change in safety [rules] and the harder line taken is not sufficient compensation for the curtailing and running down of health and safety inspections , nor the differences in health and safety [rules] which exist between companies operating on land , and those , such as contractors on off-shore oil rigs who are at sea .

All main services are connected to the property including the telephone ( subject to British Telecom Regulations )
all main services are connected to the property including the telephone ( subject to british telecom [rules] )

All main services are connected to the property including the telephone ( subject to British Telecom Regulations ) .
all main services are connected to the property including the telephone ( subject to british telecom [rules] ) .

Complete or partial tenders will be requested to meet the objectives which are that the service will be available for non-commercial traffic in connection with academic , government and industrial research activities and , in doing so , it must not contravene any European or national laws or regulations .
complete or partial tenders will be requested to meet the objectives which are that the service will be available for non-commercial traffic in connection with academic , government and industrial research activities and , in doing so , it must not contravene any european or national laws or [rules] .

It is undeniable , however , that the new regulations could easily lead to racially segregated schools .
it is undeniable , however , that the new [rules] could easily lead to racially segregated schools .

Nevertheless , the Secretary of State has the power to draw up regulations about what can be charged for and what can not and the Education Reform Act required local authorities and school governors to draw up policies on charging parents for their children 's out-of-school activities .
nevertheless , the secretary of state has the power to draw up [rules] about what can be charged for and what can not and the education reform act required local authorities and school governors to draw up policies on charging parents for their children 's out-of-school activities .

And although regulations stipulate the number of toilets and washbasins in schools , over a third of the schools surveyed did n't come up to scratch because of an inadequate number of toilets .
and although [rules] stipulate the number of toilets and washbasins in schools , over a third of the schools surveyed did n't come up to scratch because of an inadequate number of toilets .

However , if you 're not sure whether you need planning permission or Buildings Regulations approval , talk to your local authority .
however , if you 're not sure whether you need planning permission or buildings [rules] approval , talk to your local authority .

Services greater freedom of choice in a variety of sectors , e.g. banking and insurance , liberalisation of regulations covering air transport
services greater freedom of choice in a variety of sectors , e.g. banking and insurance , liberalisation of [rules] covering air transport

As you prepare for the change in 1990 you should bear in mind that further regulations on the new Business Rate are still to be published .
as you prepare for the change in 1990 you should bear in mind that further [rules] on the new business rate are still to be published .

Referring to her leader 's handbook , Carole covered the fire regulations , the working day ( 9–5 with an hour off for lunch ) , the rota for making breakfast and sandwiches , doing the washing-up and the cooking , and various curious house rules , such as no alcohol , no ‘ personal entertainment ’ , which apparently included such things as Walkmans , and lights out at 11pm .
referring to her leader 's handbook , carole covered the fire [rules] , the working day ( 9–5 with an hour off for lunch ) , the rota for making breakfast and sandwiches , doing the washing-up and the cooking , and various curious house rules , such as no alcohol , no ‘ personal entertainment ’ , which apparently included such things as walkmans , and lights out at 11pm .

Another problem wives face is dealing with prison regulations .
another problem wives face is dealing with prison [rules] .

The acts of 1866 and 1869 extended the geographical locations covered by the regulations , while the Admiralty and the War Office were now mandated to provide hospital facilities for inspection and treatment .
the acts of 1866 and 1869 extended the geographical locations covered by the [rules] , while the admiralty and the war office were now mandated to provide hospital facilities for inspection and treatment .

The growing hegemony of state medicine written into the new regulations bore witness to a substantial shift in the balance of forces within the sanitary movement .
the growing hegemony of state medicine written into the new [rules] bore witness to a substantial shift in the balance of forces within the sanitary movement .

Campaigners against the regulations were working to undermine the time-honoured alliance between medicine and morality but the healer who deployed his art ‘ honourably and fully ’ could never be in antagonism with divine law.It was believed that the curative functions of medicine provided their own moral guarantee .
campaigners against the [rules] were working to undermine the time-honoured alliance between medicine and morality but the healer who deployed his art ‘ honourably and fully ’ could never be in antagonism with divine law.it was believed that the curative functions of medicine provided their own moral guarantee .

The Report from the Royal Commission on the Administration and Operation of the Contagious Diseases Acts , 1871 , pointed out that the ‘ decorous and wholesome ’ improvement in the manners and habits of the people was a direct result of expanded sanitary regulations .
the report from the royal commission on the administration and operation of the contagious diseases acts , 1871 , pointed out that the ‘ decorous and wholesome ’ improvement in the manners and habits of the people was a direct result of expanded sanitary [rules] .

In addition to views on special needs , pupils ' understandings of many aspects of school life from rules and regulations to teachers ' personalities have been documented and analysed .
in addition to views on special needs , pupils ' understandings of many aspects of school life from rules and [rules] to teachers ' personalities have been documented and analysed .

All that the legislation provided for was that any loss incurred by the local authorities , as a result of carrying out the regulations , would fall as a charge upon the Exchequer .
all that the legislation provided for was that any loss incurred by the local authorities , as a result of carrying out the [rules] , would fall as a charge upon the exchequer .

Primates are expensive to buy , there 's God knows how many regulations attached to keeping them , and you have to employ two full-time handlers to look after them .
primates are expensive to buy , there 's god knows how many [rules] attached to keeping them , and you have to employ two full-time handlers to look after them .

It is considered therefore that the lack of height limitation in current Building Regulations may be acceptable and , further , that no greater restriction in terms of floor area than those appertaining at present is justifiable .
it is considered therefore that the lack of height limitation in current building [rules] may be acceptable and , further , that no greater restriction in terms of floor area than those appertaining at present is justifiable .

Where the warehouse is totally independent of other buildings , the standards of construction and protection described in other chapters will apply , but , where other accommodation is attached or within prescribed distances , the Building Regulations ( and possibly Insurance Surveyors ) will require structural separation between the different purpose groups , and the standards of fire resistance will be the highest of the respective categories .
where the warehouse is totally independent of other buildings , the standards of construction and protection described in other chapters will apply , but , where other accommodation is attached or within prescribed distances , the building [rules] ( and possibly insurance surveyors ) will require structural separation between the different purpose groups , and the standards of fire resistance will be the highest of the respective categories .

Similarly it is worth considering the separation above the lower roof areas of accommodation , say , where the office is only two storeys and against the full height of the end wall of the warehouse — as there is no Building Regulations ' requirement for the fire resistance of the interior surfaces of a roof .
similarly it is worth considering the separation above the lower roof areas of accommodation , say , where the office is only two storeys and against the full height of the end wall of the warehouse — as there is no building [rules] ' requirement for the fire resistance of the interior surfaces of a roof .

The Regulations controlling building in the United Kingdom generally require all buildings to be constructed to a prescribed standard of fire resistance commensurate with the use and size .
the [rules] controlling building in the united kingdom generally require all buildings to be constructed to a prescribed standard of fire resistance commensurate with the use and size .

The compartment walls ( in Scotland , division walls ) and compartment floors are required to have a stipulated fire resistance depending on the size of the spaces as are all the other elements of structure as defined in the Regulations .
the compartment walls ( in scotland , division walls ) and compartment floors are required to have a stipulated fire resistance depending on the size of the spaces as are all the other elements of structure as defined in the [rules] .

Applications for relaxation of those parts of the Building Regulations dealing with fire precautions are made in England and Wales in the first instance to the Local Authority .
applications for relaxation of those parts of the building [rules] dealing with fire precautions are made in england and wales in the first instance to the local authority .

The Building Standards ( Scotland ) Regulations 1971 to 1979 recognise two occupancy classes or storage building .
the building standards ( scotland ) [rules] 1971 to 1979 recognise two occupancy classes or storage building .

As and when National Building Regulations include means of escape , fire fighting facilities and other additional requirements , it is understood that these will supersede the parallel clauses in any Local Authority Acts .
as and when national building [rules] include means of escape , fire fighting facilities and other additional requirements , it is understood that these will supersede the parallel clauses in any local authority acts .

Authority to carry them out is given to the officials in charge , and rules and regulations are established in order to ensure their achievement .
authority to carry them out is given to the officials in charge , and rules and [rules] are established in order to ensure their achievement .

impersonal nature : employees work full time within the impersonal rules and regulations and act according to formal , impersonal procedures ;
impersonal nature : employees work full time within the impersonal rules and [rules] and act according to formal , impersonal procedures ;

for the Women 's Trade Union League , setting up its legal advice bureau while studying labour law at University College London , mastering insurance regulations for workers ' compensation , and interviewing women factory inspectors on conditions in the workplace .
for the women 's trade union league , setting up its legal advice bureau while studying labour law at university college london , mastering insurance [rules] for workers ' compensation , and interviewing women factory inspectors on conditions in the workplace .

He was always ready to flout the company 's regulations , failing to register two alternative versions of his new sterling ( Britannia ) mark , and was criticized by the company for failing to submit plate for assay and hallmarking in 1717 .
he was always ready to flout the company 's [rules] , failing to register two alternative versions of his new sterling ( britannia ) mark , and was criticized by the company for failing to submit plate for assay and hallmarking in 1717 .

Simpson 's shop in Piccadilly , London ( 1936 ) , was structurally innovative , although the welded plate girders designed by the consulting engineer , Felix Samuely , had to be modified to meet London county council regulations .
simpson 's shop in piccadilly , london ( 1936 ) , was structurally innovative , although the welded plate girders designed by the consulting engineer , felix samuely , had to be modified to meet london county council [rules] .

He disapproved of the casual obscenity of barrack-room conversation , but as he groped for words to express his triumphant passion , he found to his surprise that he could not say them to Bridget They would sound to her like a string of incoherent obscenities : — the Army and — second stag on East Wing Guard and — Sergeant Towser who cancelled his last leave pass and — the troop train back to Catterick on Sunday night and — the cold walk from the station to the camp and — the platform where he kissed Bridget good-bye at the end of leave and — the street corner where he had to run for his bus and — the Teddy-boy who had attacked her and — all the people and all the regulations and all the time-tables and all the clocks that had tried for so long to stop them from having this .
he disapproved of the casual obscenity of barrack-room conversation , but as he groped for words to express his triumphant passion , he found to his surprise that he could not say them to bridget they would sound to her like a string of incoherent obscenities : — the army and — second stag on east wing guard and — sergeant towser who cancelled his last leave pass and — the troop train back to catterick on sunday night and — the cold walk from the station to the camp and — the platform where he kissed bridget good-bye at the end of leave and — the street corner where he had to run for his bus and — the teddy-boy who had attacked her and — all the people and all the [rules] and all the time-tables and all the clocks that had tried for so long to stop them from having this .

It is also subject to the powers of the Secretary of State to make provision by regulations as to obligations of a company under the Act to make documents available for inspection or to provide copies of them .
it is also subject to the powers of the secretary of state to make provision by [rules] as to obligations of a company under the act to make documents available for inspection or to provide copies of them .

( c ) Where the regulations confer a discretion on directors with regard to the acceptance of transfers , this discretion , like all the directors ' powers , is a fiduciary one to be exercised bona fide in what they consider — not what the court considers — to be in the interest of the company , and not for any collateral purpose .
( c ) where the [rules] confer a discretion on directors with regard to the acceptance of transfers , this discretion , like all the directors ' powers , is a fiduciary one to be exercised bona fide in what they consider — not what the court considers — to be in the interest of the company , and not for any collateral purpose .

If the regulations are so framed as to give the directors an unfettered discretion the court will interfere with it only on proof of bad faith and since the directors will not be bound to disclose either their grounds or their reasons , the difficulty of discharging the onus of proof is especially great .
if the [rules] are so framed as to give the directors an unfettered discretion the court will interfere with it only on proof of bad faith and since the directors will not be bound to disclose either their grounds or their reasons , the difficulty of discharging the onus of proof is especially great .

( e ) If , as is normal , the regulations merely give the directors power to refuse to register , as opposed to making their passing of transfers a condition precedent to registration , the transferee is entitled to be registered unless the directors resolve as a board to reject .
( e ) if , as is normal , the [rules] merely give the directors power to refuse to register , as opposed to making their passing of transfers a condition precedent to registration , the transferee is entitled to be registered unless the directors resolve as a board to reject .

Until recently company law , with its relative freedom from stringent regulations , reflected this national belief .
until recently company law , with its relative freedom from stringent [rules] , reflected this national belief .

The maximum fees that companies can charge for inspection or copies are now prescribed by regulations ( the former practice of stating them in the primary legislation did not work well in an inflationary climate ) and these regulations clarify the obligations of companies regarding inspection and copies .
the maximum fees that companies can charge for inspection or copies are now prescribed by [rules] ( the former practice of stating them in the primary legislation did not work well in an inflationary climate ) and these [rules] clarify the obligations of companies regarding inspection and copies .

The section provides that the Secretary of State may make provisions by regulations in relation to revised accounts and reports which , in particular , may : — make different provisions according to whether the previous documents are replaced or merely supplemented by a statement of corrections ; deal with the functions of the auditors ; require the directors to take specified steps in relation to circulation to members and others entitled under section 238 ; laying before a general meeting and delivery to the Registrar ; and the application of provisions of the Act ( including penalties ) .
the section provides that the secretary of state may make provisions by [rules] in relation to revised accounts and reports which , in particular , may : — make different provisions according to whether the previous documents are replaced or merely supplemented by a statement of corrections ; deal with the functions of the auditors ; require the directors to take specified steps in relation to circulation to members and others entitled under section 238 ; laying before a general meeting and delivery to the registrar ; and the application of provisions of the act ( including penalties ) .

Under the new section 251 , a company , any of whose shares are officially listed , need not , in such circumstances as are specified by regulations and subject to complying with conditions so specified , send copies of the accounts and reports to members but may instead send them a summary financial statement , derived from the company 's annual accounts and directors ' report , in such form and containing such information as may be specified in the regulations .
under the new section 251 , a company , any of whose shares are officially listed , need not , in such circumstances as are specified by [rules] and subject to complying with conditions so specified , send copies of the accounts and reports to members but may instead send them a summary financial statement , derived from the company 's annual accounts and directors ' report , in such form and containing such information as may be specified in the [rules] .

In fact , various conditions are laid down in the section itself ; in particular that the nature of the document must be made clear , and that it must contain a statement by the company 's auditors of their opinion on whether the statement is consistent with the accounts and reports and complies with the section and the regulations .
in fact , various conditions are laid down in the section itself ; in particular that the nature of the document must be made clear , and that it must contain a statement by the company 's auditors of their opinion on whether the statement is consistent with the accounts and reports and complies with the section and the [rules] .

The importance that the Government place on this section is shown by the fact that it was among the first provisions of the 1989 Act to be brought into operation and the regulations made under it were among the first to be published .
the importance that the government place on this section is shown by the fact that it was among the first provisions of the 1989 act to be brought into operation and the [rules] made under it were among the first to be published .

As for the conservation aim , there will initially be a greater , not a lesser , consumption of paper , if members are to be persuaded to be content with the summary , it will be necessary to undertake what the Regulations call a ‘ relevant consultation ’ which involves sending to each member both the full accounts for the financial year and a summary financial statement plus a postage-paid card on which he can make his choice for the future .
as for the conservation aim , there will initially be a greater , not a lesser , consumption of paper , if members are to be persuaded to be content with the summary , it will be necessary to undertake what the [rules] call a ‘ relevant consultation ’ which involves sending to each member both the full accounts for the financial year and a summary financial statement plus a postage-paid card on which he can make his choice for the future .

The other points to note on the Regulations are : ( i ) that advantage can not be taken of the section if a provision , ‘ however expressed , ’ of the company 's memorandum or articles requires copies of the full accounts to be sent to members or which prohibits the sending of summary financial statements ( ii ) that provisions , similar to those in relation to the full accounts , apply to approval by , and signature on behalf of , the directors of the summary , and ( iii ) that , up to the end of 1991 , most listed companies do not seem to have opted to adopt the innovation .
the other points to note on the [rules] are : ( i ) that advantage can not be taken of the section if a provision , ‘ however expressed , ’ of the company 's memorandum or articles requires copies of the full accounts to be sent to members or which prohibits the sending of summary financial statements ( ii ) that provisions , similar to those in relation to the full accounts , apply to approval by , and signature on behalf of , the directors of the summary , and ( iii ) that , up to the end of 1991 , most listed companies do not seem to have opted to adopt the innovation .

The Public Service Vehicles ( Conduct of Drivers , Conductors and Passengers ) Regulations makes it an offence for a person to ‘ use obscene and offensive language , or to conduct himself in a riotous or disorderly manner .
the public service vehicles ( conduct of drivers , conductors and passengers ) [rules] makes it an offence for a person to ‘ use obscene and offensive language , or to conduct himself in a riotous or disorderly manner .

But local authorities are generally empowered to make regulations and by-laws for the use of public places where meetings might be held ( such as parks and squares ) , and the assertion of quasi-private property rights are generally sufficient to exclude the claims of those seeking to exercise rights of freedom of speech in public .
but local authorities are generally empowered to make [rules] and by-laws for the use of public places where meetings might be held ( such as parks and squares ) , and the assertion of quasi-private property rights are generally sufficient to exclude the claims of those seeking to exercise rights of freedom of speech in public .

General ‘ enabling ’ laws are passed by Parliament on the prompting of the executive , which lay down certain principles but , even if they are detailed , leave ample room for bargaining when the drafting of regulations for the implementation of the law occurs .
general ‘ enabling ’ laws are passed by parliament on the prompting of the executive , which lay down certain principles but , even if they are detailed , leave ample room for bargaining when the drafting of [rules] for the implementation of the law occurs .

Since the beginning of this century the executive has tended to extend its influence vis-a-vis the assembly ( especially in parliamentary systems ) by dominating the parliamentary timetable and making regulations subsidiary to major legislative measures .
since the beginning of this century the executive has tended to extend its influence vis-a-vis the assembly ( especially in parliamentary systems ) by dominating the parliamentary timetable and making [rules] subsidiary to major legislative measures .

As we have seen , the formal liberal democratic theory of bureaucracies was that officials ( sometimes called bureaucrats or civil servants ) simply implement the policies that their political masters — the representatives of the people — present to them in the form of laws and regulations .
as we have seen , the formal liberal democratic theory of bureaucracies was that officials ( sometimes called bureaucrats or civil servants ) simply implement the policies that their political masters — the representatives of the people — present to them in the form of laws and [rules] .

Legal rules are the more detailed regulations applicable in practice , and derive from a variety of sources .
legal rules are the more detailed [rules] applicable in practice , and derive from a variety of sources .

In the Soviet Union the party and government bureaucracies issued a mass of rules and regulations — so many , in fact , that sometimes ways had to be found to circumvent them so that the system would not grind to a halt .
in the soviet union the party and government bureaucracies issued a mass of rules and [rules] — so many , in fact , that sometimes ways had to be found to circumvent them so that the system would not grind to a halt .

The laws , regulations , and guidelines governing them
the laws , [rules] , and guidelines governing them

Assisting in determining compliance with finance-related laws , rules and regulations .
assisting in determining compliance with finance-related laws , rules and [rules] .

‘ … a fiscal and accounting entity with self-balancing set of accounts recording cash and other financial resources together with all related liabilities and residual equities or balances and changes therein which are segregated for the purpose of carrying on specific activities or attaining certain objectives in accordance with special regulations , restrictions or limitations . ’
‘ … a fiscal and accounting entity with self-balancing set of accounts recording cash and other financial resources together with all related liabilities and residual equities or balances and changes therein which are segregated for the purpose of carrying on specific activities or attaining certain objectives in accordance with special [rules] , restrictions or limitations . ’

The major statute for local authorities is the Local Government Finance Act 1982 . Section 23 gives the Secretary of State power to make regulations with respect to the
the major statute for local authorities is the local government finance act 1982 . section 23 gives the secretary of state power to make [rules] with respect to the

‘ publication of information relating to and the form , preparation keeping and certification of accounts ' . This power was exercised in the Accounts and Audit Regulations 1983 , which require that :
‘ publication of information relating to and the form , preparation keeping and certification of accounts ' . this power was exercised in the accounts and audit [rules] 1983 , which require that :

The regulations also give details of how the historic rights of inspection of accounts by the public , should be administered .
the [rules] also give details of how the historic rights of inspection of accounts by the public , should be administered .

In 1985 , the Government responded to , among other things , this creative accounting by proposals to reduce the flexibility in accounting regulations .
in 1985 , the government responded to , among other things , this creative accounting by proposals to reduce the flexibility in accounting [rules] .

In central government as well as in the National Health Service there are many internal audit sections ; in local government all authorities are required by the Accounts and Audit Regulations 1983 to have internal audit departments .
in central government as well as in the national health service there are many internal audit sections ; in local government all authorities are required by the accounts and audit [rules] 1983 to have internal audit departments .

Before the 1930s , when formal rules and regulations were introduced , contestants would get into a ring to fight wearing crude boxing gloves made of hemp .
before the 1930s , when formal rules and [rules] were introduced , contestants would get into a ring to fight wearing crude boxing gloves made of hemp .

Competition simulates real combat , only with rules and regulations .
competition simulates real combat , only with rules and [rules] .

Recently safety regulations have made it obligatory for all competitors to wear fist protectors .
recently safety [rules] have made it obligatory for all competitors to wear fist protectors .

Even non-aligned Yugoslavia enacted new legal regulations in 1974 which permitted within limits the provision of support services to any ‘ non-aggressor ’ navy .
even non-aligned yugoslavia enacted new legal [rules] in 1974 which permitted within limits the provision of support services to any ‘ non-aggressor ’ navy .

The administrative civil servant may operate within a legal culture with a concern for following regulations and statutes .
the administrative civil servant may operate within a legal culture with a concern for following [rules] and statutes .

Given the constraints placed upon officials by formal rules and regulations we may wonder to what extent there is the opportunity for officials to express personal qualities .
given the constraints placed upon officials by formal rules and [rules] we may wonder to what extent there is the opportunity for officials to express personal qualities .

Similarly , within the civil service the engineer or architect may resent being bound by the rules and regulations of administrative practices and accountability rather than those of the profession .
similarly , within the civil service the engineer or architect may resent being bound by the rules and [rules] of administrative practices and accountability rather than those of the profession .

They resist change because they feel threatened by it and are the ones who constantly refer to the rules and regulations before they will do anything .
they resist change because they feel threatened by it and are the ones who constantly refer to the rules and [rules] before they will do anything .

Spending by public sector organisations has to comply with complex and changing legal regulations , and is exposed to scrutiny at a number of levels .
spending by public sector organisations has to comply with complex and changing legal [rules] , and is exposed to scrutiny at a number of levels .

It remains true that all of the major parameters of Course regulations and management remain today as they were established by David Mobbs ; all that has changed is the values given to certain parts of the equation .
it remains true that all of the major parameters of course [rules] and management remain today as they were established by david mobbs ; all that has changed is the values given to certain parts of the equation .

modifications to specific field regulations as a result of approved changes in structure or content ;
modifications to specific field [rules] as a result of approved changes in structure or content ;

amendment of general regulations where necessary for consistency .
amendment of general [rules] where necessary for consistency .

Departments and the fields which they contribute to the Modular Course are not free agents , either in terms of conformity to Course regulations or in being able to project student numbers in isolation .
departments and the fields which they contribute to the modular course are not free agents , either in terms of conformity to course [rules] or in being able to project student numbers in isolation .

liaison with staff and students , for example to advise on the regulations ;
liaison with staff and students , for example to advise on the [rules] ;

to review the regulations as required ;
to review the [rules] as required ;

In effect the regulations are tailored to fit each individual .
in effect the [rules] are tailored to fit each individual .

Such students graduate at the point when they meet the regulations for the specific award , which is not necessarily July in any particular year .
such students graduate at the point when they meet the [rules] for the specific award , which is not necessarily july in any particular year .

However , in accordance with the principles of credit accumulation , full-time students can make use of Course regulations to take additional modules , at their own expense in the part-time mode , to get back on track .
however , in accordance with the principles of credit accumulation , full-time students can make use of course [rules] to take additional modules , at their own expense in the part-time mode , to get back on track .

to be designed around the established needs of the Course and its working practices , academic structure and regulations , in order to assist all staff and students to fulfil their roles ( on occasion , analysis for proposed developments showed up imperfections in existing procedures and sharpened user perceptions of their roles and working practices ) ;
to be designed around the established needs of the course and its working practices , academic structure and [rules] , in order to assist all staff and students to fulfil their roles ( on occasion , analysis for proposed developments showed up imperfections in existing procedures and sharpened user perceptions of their roles and working practices ) ;

The transition of the Course to a new structure and regulations in 1985–86 presented a unique data processing challenge .
the transition of the course to a new structure and [rules] in 1985–86 presented a unique data processing challenge .

Different formulae for this assimilation were proposed and compared using a computer model of the old and new regulations .
different formulae for this assimilation were proposed and compared using a computer model of the old and new [rules] .

One pitfall has been the temptation to adopt a ‘ lowest common denominator ’ approach to unit length and course delivery , leading to a set of central ‘ modular ’ regulations which , in their efforts to retain local features of individual cases , present the student with an overall scheme of mind-boggling complexity .
one pitfall has been the temptation to adopt a ‘ lowest common denominator ’ approach to unit length and course delivery , leading to a set of central ‘ modular ’ [rules] which , in their efforts to retain local features of individual cases , present the student with an overall scheme of mind-boggling complexity .

The General Regulations and Information for Passengers of the railways of that colony had elaborate provisions for the conveyance of horses , dogcarts , carriages , and palanquins , together with their servants .
the general [rules] and information for passengers of the railways of that colony had elaborate provisions for the conveyance of horses , dogcarts , carriages , and palanquins , together with their servants .

Throughout colonial Africa there were often unwritten regulations about who could use which accommodation and facilities both on the trains and in the stations .
throughout colonial africa there were often unwritten [rules] about who could use which accommodation and facilities both on the trains and in the stations .

The [ Gold Coast ] line is equipped with Webb and Thompson 's instruments , and to explain the electric staff regulations , in a temperature somewhere around 90 degrees , to a native stationmaster who understands about as much of English as the average English railway official does of French , is a task which white officials feelingly affirm requires a considerable amount of patience , to say nothing of linguistic gymnastics .
the [ gold coast ] line is equipped with webb and thompson 's instruments , and to explain the electric staff [rules] , in a temperature somewhere around 90 degrees , to a native stationmaster who understands about as much of english as the average english railway official does of french , is a task which white officials feelingly affirm requires a considerable amount of patience , to say nothing of linguistic gymnastics .

The financial criteria are altered from time to time by regulations .
the financial criteria are altered from time to time by [rules] .

Whilst the new provisions appeared to create a very wide power to use the scheme for representation in all manner of courts , tribunals or statutory inquiries , the detailed implementation of the section was left to regulations to be made by the Lord Chancellor , whose approach has been cautious .
whilst the new provisions appeared to create a very wide power to use the scheme for representation in all manner of courts , tribunals or statutory inquiries , the detailed implementation of the section was left to [rules] to be made by the lord chancellor , whose approach has been cautious .

The Committee 's report provided the basis upon which the Law Society was invited by the Lord Chancellor to undertake the task of organising a legal aid scheme , which resulted in the Legal Aid and Advice Act 1949 and the regulations made thereunder .
the committee 's report provided the basis upon which the law society was invited by the lord chancellor to undertake the task of organising a legal aid scheme , which resulted in the legal aid and advice act 1949 and the [rules] made thereunder .

These are calculated by reference to the regulations and allowance is made for dependants , income tax , national insurance , housing costs , and work expenses .
these are calculated by reference to the [rules] and allowance is made for dependants , income tax , national insurance , housing costs , and work expenses .

These specific figures appear in the Assessment of Resources Regulations and not in the Act , and so can be easily uprated as necessary .
these specific figures appear in the assessment of resources [rules] and not in the act , and so can be easily uprated as necessary .

’ The regulations give some guidance by directing that an application may be refused where it appears that any advantage accruing would only be trivial , where the simple nature of the proceedings would not normally require the assistance of a solicitor , or where funds from another source were available but not pursued .
’ the [rules] give some guidance by directing that an application may be refused where it appears that any advantage accruing would only be trivial , where the simple nature of the proceedings would not normally require the assistance of a solicitor , or where funds from another source were available but not pursued .

Laws and regulations are complex .
laws and [rules] are complex .

These Acts comprise primarily the regulations , directives , and decisions adopted by those institutions .
these acts comprise primarily the [rules] , directives , and decisions adopted by those institutions .

These are the only types of legislative measure explicitly referred to by Article 189 , which begins with the words : ‘ In order to carry out their task the Council and the Commission shall , in accordance with the provisions of this Treaty , make regulations , issue directives , take decisions , make recommendations or deliver opinions .
these are the only types of legislative measure explicitly referred to by article 189 , which begins with the words : ‘ in order to carry out their task the council and the commission shall , in accordance with the provisions of this treaty , make [rules] , issue directives , take decisions , make recommendations or deliver opinions .

The largest category of legislative Acts is by far that of regulations , of which some 6,471 were in force at 1 January 1992 .
the largest category of legislative acts is by far that of [rules] , of which some 6,471 were in force at 1 january 1992 .

It is important to note in particular that although much is said and written about directives ( as indeed will be the case later in this article ) , they are much less numerous than regulations , which appear in effect as the most frequently used Community legislative instrument .
it is important to note in particular that although much is said and written about directives ( as indeed will be the case later in this article ) , they are much less numerous than [rules] , which appear in effect as the most frequently used community legislative instrument .

‘ Regulations , directives and decisions of the Council and of the Commission shall state the reasons on which they are based and shall refer to any proposals or opinions which were required to be obtained pursuant to this Treaty . ’
‘ [rules] , directives and decisions of the council and of the commission shall state the reasons on which they are based and shall refer to any proposals or opinions which were required to be obtained pursuant to this treaty . ’

It emerges from this case law that Article 190 requires that regulations , directives , and decisions should contain a statement of the reasons which led the institution to adopt them , so as to make possible a review by the Court of Justice and so that the Member States and the nationals concerned may have knowledge of the conditions under which the Community institutions have applied the Treaty .
it emerges from this case law that article 190 requires that [rules] , directives , and decisions should contain a statement of the reasons which led the institution to adopt them , so as to make possible a review by the court of justice and so that the member states and the nationals concerned may have knowledge of the conditions under which the community institutions have applied the treaty .

Likewise , regulations imposing anti-dumping duties ( which are in certain respects akin to decisions in the field of competition ) also tend to comprise long and relatively detailed statements of reasons in their preambles .
likewise , [rules] imposing anti-dumping duties ( which are in certain respects akin to decisions in the field of competition ) also tend to comprise long and relatively detailed statements of reasons in their preambles .

This is particularly true of regulations in heavily regulated fields such as agriculture , where they may be part of a long string of related measures or be limited to implementing a regulation of broader scope .
this is particularly true of [rules] in heavily regulated fields such as agriculture , where they may be part of a long string of related measures or be limited to implementing a regulation of broader scope .

‘ Regulations shall be published in the Official Journal of the Community .
‘ [rules] shall be published in the official journal of the community .

This practice is inconvenient , and comparison with Community regulations ( or , for that matter , with British secondary legislation ) prompts the question whether it might not be possible to reduce the use of separate commencement orders for Acts of Parliament .
this practice is inconvenient , and comparison with community [rules] ( or , for that matter , with british secondary legislation ) prompts the question whether it might not be possible to reduce the use of separate commencement orders for acts of parliament .

That such doubt should be expressed shows the danger of an English court applying English canons of statutory construction to the interpretation of the Treaty or , for that matter , of regulations or directives .
that such doubt should be expressed shows the danger of an english court applying english canons of statutory construction to the interpretation of the treaty or , for that matter , of [rules] or directives .

Unlike regulations and directly effective treaty provisions , directives do contemplate intervening national measures for their implementation .
unlike [rules] and directly effective treaty provisions , directives do contemplate intervening national measures for their implementation .

On the other hand , the existing case law on delegation of powers suggests that it would not be possible to grant such a body power to issue binding Community legislation of the types defined in the treaty , whereas the Maastricht Treaty envisages in its Article 108a that the Central Bank would be able to issue regulations , decisions , recommendations , and opinions ( though not directives ) .
on the other hand , the existing case law on delegation of powers suggests that it would not be possible to grant such a body power to issue binding community legislation of the types defined in the treaty , whereas the maastricht treaty envisages in its article 108a that the central bank would be able to issue [rules] , decisions , recommendations , and opinions ( though not directives ) .

Regulations 802/68 and 803/68 respectively on the concept of the origin of goods and on the valuation of goods for customs purposes were enacted under Article 235 on the basis that the treaty had not otherwise provided the necessary powers .
[rules] 802/68 and 803/68 respectively on the concept of the origin of goods and on the valuation of goods for customs purposes were enacted under article 235 on the basis that the treaty had not otherwise provided the necessary powers .

Regulations adopted by the Council and Commission in Brussels would form part of the law of the United Kingdom , without any intervention or endorsement by Parliament .
[rules] adopted by the council and commission in brussels would form part of the law of the united kingdom , without any intervention or endorsement by parliament .

This is foiled aesthetically by the enclosure of the wide , steep staircase to the basement which has a three sided screen demanded by the fire regulations .
this is foiled aesthetically by the enclosure of the wide , steep staircase to the basement which has a three sided screen demanded by the fire [rules] .

Greenways will introduce revolutionary new traffic regulations , setting out what can be done , as opposed to what is prohibited .
greenways will introduce revolutionary new traffic [rules] , setting out what can be done , as opposed to what is prohibited .

In these circumstances the Local Government Superannuation Regulations or the Teachers ' Superannuation ( Scotland ) Regulations will be applied as appropriate in terms of the payment or otherwise of pension benefits .
in these circumstances the local government superannuation [rules] or the teachers ' superannuation ( scotland ) [rules] will be applied as appropriate in terms of the payment or otherwise of pension benefits .

Where the Local Government Superannuation Regulations apply and the employee is not eligible to be a member of that superannuation scheme , a payment will be made to the employee under the terms of the Regional Council 's Gratuity Scheme subject to the conditions of the scheme being met .
where the local government superannuation [rules] apply and the employee is not eligible to be a member of that superannuation scheme , a payment will be made to the employee under the terms of the regional council 's gratuity scheme subject to the conditions of the scheme being met .

dismissed on the grounds of permanent incapacity , the injury allowance provisions of the Local Government Superannuation Regulations will apply to eligible employees .
dismissed on the grounds of permanent incapacity , the injury allowance provisions of the local government superannuation [rules] will apply to eligible employees .

In this regard the Director of Social Work , in conjunction with the Director of Finance , will , in exercising the discretion provided by the regulations concerning the amount of an injury allowance , give sympathetic consideration to each individual case having regard to all the circumstances .
in this regard the director of social work , in conjunction with the director of finance , will , in exercising the discretion provided by the [rules] concerning the amount of an injury allowance , give sympathetic consideration to each individual case having regard to all the circumstances .

10.10 The Regional Council recognises that the Teachers ' Superannuation ( Scotland ) Regulations do not contain provisions relating to an injury allowance or its equivalent .
10.10 the regional council recognises that the teachers ' superannuation ( scotland ) [rules] do not contain provisions relating to an injury allowance or its equivalent .

In order to ensure consistency of treatment for all employees the Director of Social Work , in conjunction with the Director of Finance , will make a payment to a teacher in circumstances where an injury allowance would be payable to an employee covered by the terms of the Local Government Superannuation Regulations .
in order to ensure consistency of treatment for all employees the director of social work , in conjunction with the director of finance , will make a payment to a teacher in circumstances where an injury allowance would be payable to an employee covered by the terms of the local government superannuation [rules] .

The payment will be available to teaching staff until such time as the Teachers ' Superannuation ( Scotland ) Regulations are amended to provide for an injury allowance .
the payment will be available to teaching staff until such time as the teachers ' superannuation ( scotland ) [rules] are amended to provide for an injury allowance .

Action will be taken to reinforce existing regulations regarding restraining infants in cars .
action will be taken to reinforce existing [rules] regarding restraining infants in cars .

Detailed regulations are in place which are designed to ensure that all employees give the highest priority to the health and safety of themselves , and those around them .
detailed [rules] are in place which are designed to ensure that all employees give the highest priority to the health and safety of themselves , and those around them .

To achieve this a set of regulations has been introduced which is having a profound effect on the electrical and electronics sectors .
to achieve this a set of [rules] has been introduced which is having a profound effect on the electrical and electronics sectors .

Specifically , we believe that changes to the Framework and Implementing Regulations are required in the following areas :
specifically , we believe that changes to the framework and implementing [rules] are required in the following areas :

We believe the legislative changes outlined above would form the basis for more specific amendments in the co-ordinating and implementing Regulations and the Community Support Frameworks .
we believe the legislative changes outlined above would form the basis for more specific amendments in the co-ordinating and implementing [rules] and the community support frameworks .

The Royal Bank of Scotland plc is connected with the Insurers of the Travel Insurance Scheme as defined in the Insurance Companies Regulations 1981 .
the royal bank of scotland plc is connected with the insurers of the travel insurance scheme as defined in the insurance companies [rules] 1981 .

Other proposals included a strengthening of Food and Drug Administration guidelines on contamination , more stringent and far reaching regulations on chemical pollution from the Environmental Protection Agency , the improvement of tests for toxins and germs and increased research into the long-term effects of industrial chemicals .
other proposals included a strengthening of food and drug administration guidelines on contamination , more stringent and far reaching [rules] on chemical pollution from the environmental protection agency , the improvement of tests for toxins and germs and increased research into the long-term effects of industrial chemicals .

Under Schools ' Regulations , students should be in full-time attendance and under the age of 19 .
under schools ' [rules] , students should be in full-time attendance and under the age of 19 .

Green belt planning regulations may be loosened
green belt planning [rules] may be loosened

Changes to the planning regulations surrounding the redevelopment of partially abandoned hospitals in green belt areas could also be expected .
changes to the planning [rules] surrounding the redevelopment of partially abandoned hospitals in green belt areas could also be expected .

The farmers are carrying on the work in defiance both of cantonal regulations and a supreme court injunction ordering them to stop .
the farmers are carrying on the work in defiance both of cantonal [rules] and a supreme court injunction ordering them to stop .

The report called for the establishment of an " ecological police force " , to have similar powers to traffic police in enforcing pollution regulations .
the report called for the establishment of an " ecological police force " , to have similar powers to traffic police in enforcing pollution [rules] .

They are expected to halve pollution caused by large commercial vehicles , bringing them into line with regulations governing car exhaust emissions .
they are expected to halve pollution caused by large commercial vehicles , bringing them into line with [rules] governing car exhaust emissions .

The measures will be introduced in two stages starting in July 1992 , when all new models will have to conform to the new regulations .
the measures will be introduced in two stages starting in july 1992 , when all new models will have to conform to the new [rules] .

This document details and explains the regulations governing the professional certificate and diploma programmes of the Hotel , Catering and Institutional Management Association .
this document details and explains the [rules] governing the professional certificate and diploma programmes of the hotel , catering and institutional management association .

These regulations are effective for programmes of study starting in and after September 1990 .
these [rules] are effective for programmes of study starting in and after september 1990 .

Centre devised Programme Regulations should set out clearly policy on reassessment of students who fail or fail to complete assignments .
centre devised programme [rules] should set out clearly policy on reassessment of students who fail or fail to complete assignments .

Moderators may request to see these Regulations and students work submitted for reassessment .
moderators may request to see these [rules] and students work submitted for reassessment .

Centre devised Programme Regulations should set out clearly the centre 's policy on reassessment of students who fail or fail to complete assignments .
centre devised programme [rules] should set out clearly the centre 's policy on reassessment of students who fail or fail to complete assignments .

the centre 's own Programme Regulations
the centre 's own programme [rules]

Acceptance of Programme Regulations
acceptance of programme [rules]

Each candidate , by virtue of signing to enrol upon a programme of studies shall be deemed to have understood and accepted these regulations .
each candidate , by virtue of signing to enrol upon a programme of studies shall be deemed to have understood and accepted these [rules] .

The programme regulations equally apply to students enrolled for distance learning or correspondence modes of study with one exception mentioned below under 20.2 .
the programme [rules] equally apply to students enrolled for distance learning or correspondence modes of study with one exception mentioned below under 20.2 .

The committee recommends that building regulations be amended to ensure that offices and other similar buildings have adequate ventilation .
the committee recommends that building [rules] be amended to ensure that offices and other similar buildings have adequate ventilation .

The most stringent regulations are those recently introduced in California , where , by the year 2003 , cars must emit 85 per cent less hydrocarbons , 50 per cent less carbon monoxide and 75 per cent less nitrogen oxide than currently permitted .
the most stringent [rules] are those recently introduced in california , where , by the year 2003 , cars must emit 85 per cent less hydrocarbons , 50 per cent less carbon monoxide and 75 per cent less nitrogen oxide than currently permitted .

New regulations aim to improve the irrigation system of the shrimp farms , which last year provided Thailand with its sixth-largest source of export revenue .
new [rules] aim to improve the irrigation system of the shrimp farms , which last year provided thailand with its sixth-largest source of export revenue .

In a move that runs counter its commitment to clean up the environment in former East Germany , the German government has agreed to exempt a huge rubbish tip near Schonberg near the Baltic coast from its regulations for a five year period .
in a move that runs counter its commitment to clean up the environment in former east germany , the german government has agreed to exempt a huge rubbish tip near schonberg near the baltic coast from its [rules] for a five year period .

Amongst its duties would be the setting up of an environmental Geneva Convention — to decide how environmental regulations should apply in wartime .
amongst its duties would be the setting up of an environmental geneva convention — to decide how environmental [rules] should apply in wartime .

The state has some of the most stringent air quality regulations in the world .
the state has some of the most stringent air quality [rules] in the world .

One of the farthest-reaching pieces of recycling legislation in Europe , the law was originally passed in November , but implementation has been delayed pending a referendum on even more stringent waste regulations , introduced through a Green Party-backed `` citizens ' initiative `` .
one of the farthest-reaching pieces of recycling legislation in europe , the law was originally passed in november , but implementation has been delayed pending a referendum on even more stringent waste [rules] , introduced through a green party-backed `` citizens ' initiative `` .

Duties and conditions are laid down in greater detail in the accompanying extract from the Decrees and Regulations .
duties and conditions are laid down in greater detail in the accompanying extract from the decrees and [rules] .

Except when they are earned by the professor as the supervisor of graduate students , as an academic adviser under the regulations for Recognized Students , or ( subject to the approval of the faculty board or boards concerned and the General Board , including approval as to the length of time for which the permission shall be given ) in respect of tutorial teaching for up to four hours per week ( exceptionally up to six hours per week ) , any fees received for lectures or instruction given by the professor in the University shall be applied towards meeting the expenses of the department of which he is in charge or , if he is not in charge of the department , shall be paid to the Curators of the University Chest for the credit of the University General Fund .
except when they are earned by the professor as the supervisor of graduate students , as an academic adviser under the [rules] for recognized students , or ( subject to the approval of the faculty board or boards concerned and the general board , including approval as to the length of time for which the permission shall be given ) in respect of tutorial teaching for up to four hours per week ( exceptionally up to six hours per week ) , any fees received for lectures or instruction given by the professor in the university shall be applied towards meeting the expenses of the department of which he is in charge or , if he is not in charge of the department , shall be paid to the curators of the university chest for the credit of the university general fund .

Large numbers of US-owned concerns are setting up manufacturing plants just over the Mexican frontier in order to escape increasingly tough federal anti-pollution regulations .
large numbers of us-owned concerns are setting up manufacturing plants just over the mexican frontier in order to escape increasingly tough federal anti-pollution [rules] .

The Control of Trade in Endangered Species ( Enforcement ) Regulations were agreed by Far Eastern countries in 1985 .
the control of trade in endangered species ( enforcement ) [rules] were agreed by far eastern countries in 1985 .

In a ballot paper that ran to 39 pages , the bill stipulated some of the toughest environmental regulations yet seen in the industrial world .
in a ballot paper that ran to 39 pages , the bill stipulated some of the toughest environmental [rules] yet seen in the industrial world .

" We have regulations too . "
" we have [rules] too . "

* Conservationists have alleged that planning regulations are being misused in order to put up collections of new buildings in the middle of Exmoor National Park .
* conservationists have alleged that planning [rules] are being misused in order to put up collections of new buildings in the middle of exmoor national park .

The Great Lakes and other waterways are to undergo a clean-up programme , and regulations will be introduced to ensure safer drinking water .
the great lakes and other waterways are to undergo a clean-up programme , and [rules] will be introduced to ensure safer drinking water .

Statutory and other regulations
statutory and other [rules]

1.18 " Restrictions " means all matters affecting the Site or the Premises or their use registered or capable of registration as local land charges and all notices charges orders resolutions demands proposals requirements regulations restrictions agreements directions or other matters affecting the Site the Premises or their use or affecting the Works served or made by any local or other competent authority or otherwise arising under any statute or any regulation or order made under any statute
1.18 " restrictions " means all matters affecting the site or the premises or their use registered or capable of registration as local land charges and all notices charges orders resolutions demands proposals requirements [rules] restrictions agreements directions or other matters affecting the site the premises or their use or affecting the works served or made by any local or other competent authority or otherwise arising under any statute or any regulation or order made under any statute

2.10 " the 1954 Act " means the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 [ and all statutes regulations and orders included by virtue of clause 3.16 ]
2.10 " the 1954 act " means the landlord and tenant act 1954 [ and all statutes [rules] and orders included by virtue of clause 3.16 ]

2.13 " the Planning Acts " means the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 [ and all statutes regulations and orders included by virtue of clause 3.16 ]
2.13 " the planning acts " means the town and country planning act 1971 [ and all statutes [rules] and orders included by virtue of clause 3.16 ]

3.16 Any references to a specific statute include any statutory extension or modification amendment or re-enactment of such statute and any regulations or orders made under such statute and any general reference to " statute " or " statutes " includes any regulations or orders made under such statute or statutes
3.16 any references to a specific statute include any statutory extension or modification amendment or re-enactment of such statute and any [rules] or orders made under such statute and any general reference to " statute " or " statutes " includes any [rules] or orders made under such statute or statutes

( 8 ) Has any work to the seller 's knowledge been done at the property requiring planning permission or Building Regulations consent ?
( 8 ) has any work to the seller 's knowledge been done at the property requiring planning permission or building [rules] consent ?

The regulations anticipated under s11 ( 1 ) will have the purpose of securing : ( a ) that goods to which this section applies are safe ; ( b ) that goods to which this section applies which are unsafe , or would be unsafe in the hands of persons of a particular description , are not made available to persons generally or , as the case may be , to persons of that description ; and ( c ) that appropriate information is , and inappropriate information is not , provided in relation to goods to which this section applies .
the [rules] anticipated under s11 ( 1 ) will have the purpose of securing : ( a ) that goods to which this section applies are safe ; ( b ) that goods to which this section applies which are unsafe , or would be unsafe in the hands of persons of a particular description , are not made available to persons generally or , as the case may be , to persons of that description ; and ( c ) that appropriate information is , and inappropriate information is not , provided in relation to goods to which this section applies .

In some cases of urgency he can introduce regulations with a shelf life of up to 12 months without consultation ( s11 ( 5 ) ) .
in some cases of urgency he can introduce [rules] with a shelf life of up to 12 months without consultation ( s11 ( 5 ) ) .

The scope of the power to issue regulations is laid out in s11 ( 2 ) and ( 4 ) which include such matters as packaging , testing , marks , warning , instructions and requiring information to be given to enforcement authorities .
the scope of the power to issue [rules] is laid out in s11 ( 2 ) and ( 4 ) which include such matters as packaging , testing , marks , warning , instructions and requiring information to be given to enforcement authorities .

The regulatory system therefore seeks to cater for these divergent situations by tailoring the degree of regulation to the degree of investor protection required , having regard to such factors as the sophistication of the particular investor , whether transactions are executed on exchanges ( which have their own investor protection mechanisms ) , whether the particular transaction can lead to contingent liabilities and whether margin is taken in support of a transaction . Tailoring the extent of regulation to the particular circumstances aims to give protection where it is necessary without interfering with the efficient operation of the market where it is not , but it does so at the expense of adding to the complexity of the regulations
the regulatory system therefore seeks to cater for these divergent situations by tailoring the degree of regulation to the degree of investor protection required , having regard to such factors as the sophistication of the particular investor , whether transactions are executed on exchanges ( which have their own investor protection mechanisms ) , whether the particular transaction can lead to contingent liabilities and whether margin is taken in support of a transaction . tailoring the extent of regulation to the particular circumstances aims to give protection where it is necessary without interfering with the efficient operation of the market where it is not , but it does so at the expense of adding to the complexity of the [rules]

The customer must be notified or warned of the following where applicable : ( a ) That collateral will not be registered in his name ; ( b ) That that part of the proceeds of sale of his collateral that exceeds the amount owed by the customer to the firm will be subject , on the firm 's default , to the pooling rules under the client money regulations .
the customer must be notified or warned of the following where applicable : ( a ) that collateral will not be registered in his name ; ( b ) that that part of the proceeds of sale of his collateral that exceeds the amount owed by the customer to the firm will be subject , on the firm 's default , to the pooling rules under the client money [rules] .

When it is passed on , the Client Money Regulations will cease to apply , although before passing the money on the firm must : ( a ) notify the exchange or clearing house that the firm is obliged to segregate clients ' money in a margined transaction bank account ; ( b ) instruct the exchange or clearing house to credit the margin into the firm 's client transaction account ( and not to its office account ) ; and ( c ) require an acknowledgement that the client transaction account may not be combined with any other account and that no right of set off may be exercised .
when it is passed on , the client money [rules] will cease to apply , although before passing the money on the firm must : ( a ) notify the exchange or clearing house that the firm is obliged to segregate clients ' money in a margined transaction bank account ; ( b ) instruct the exchange or clearing house to credit the margin into the firm 's client transaction account ( and not to its office account ) ; and ( c ) require an acknowledgement that the client transaction account may not be combined with any other account and that no right of set off may be exercised .

To answer these questions and many others the child care lawyer will need a working knowledge of the Children Act and the relevant rules and regulations .
to answer these questions and many others the child care lawyer will need a working knowledge of the children act and the relevant rules and [rules] .

The rules and regulations are also referred to extensively in the text where relevant .
the rules and [rules] are also referred to extensively in the text where relevant .

These are written primarily for social work practitioners and they explain the principles of the Act and associated regulations in the context of good social work practice .
these are written primarily for social work practitioners and they explain the principles of the act and associated [rules] in the context of good social work practice .

Paragraphs 2.7 to 2.9 of Volume 2 of The Children Act 1989 Guidance and Regulations explain how local authorities should carry out an assessment of need .
paragraphs 2.7 to 2.9 of volume 2 of the children act 1989 guidance and [rules] explain how local authorities should carry out an assessment of need .

Where this is the case it is interesting to note that the Access to Personal Files ( Social Services ) Regulations 1989 require local authorities to disclose as much information as they can by omitting names and sensitive information or by other means .
where this is the case it is interesting to note that the access to personal files ( social services ) [rules] 1989 require local authorities to disclose as much information as they can by omitting names and sensitive information or by other means .

Rates of pay for care proceedings are laid down in Schedule 1 to the Legal Aid in Family Proceedings ( Remuneration ) Regulations 1991 .
rates of pay for care proceedings are laid down in schedule 1 to the legal aid in family proceedings ( remuneration ) [rules] 1991 .

In the county court and High Court , claims for costs must be assessed if they do not exceed £500 and a solicitor may opt for assessment where costs do not exceed £1,000 ( Civil Legal Aid ( General ) Regulations 1989 ) .
in the county court and high court , claims for costs must be assessed if they do not exceed £500 and a solicitor may opt for assessment where costs do not exceed £1,000 ( civil legal aid ( general ) [rules] 1989 ) .

Legal advice and assistance on child care matters is available under the green form scheme but can not extend to representation in court although it may cover the cost of a solicitor attending court with a client as an advisor ( Legal Advice and Assistance Regulations 1989 , reg 21 ) .
legal advice and assistance on child care matters is available under the green form scheme but can not extend to representation in court although it may cover the cost of a solicitor attending court with a client as an advisor ( legal advice and assistance [rules] 1989 , reg 21 ) .

Thus , the local authority will have parental responsibility for the child , a duty to review the case in accordance with the regulations , a duty to allow reasonable contact as specified in s34 ( see 8 ( b ) below ) and a duty to comply with s23 and the relevant regulations when placing the child .
thus , the local authority will have parental responsibility for the child , a duty to review the case in accordance with the [rules] , a duty to allow reasonable contact as specified in s34 ( see 8 ( b ) below ) and a duty to comply with s23 and the relevant [rules] when placing the child .

It is also possible for a contact order to be `` varied `` without recourse to the court if the local authority and person entitled to contact agree and certain formalities are complied with ( Contact with Children Regulations 1991 , reg 3 ) .
it is also possible for a contact order to be `` varied `` without recourse to the court if the local authority and person entitled to contact agree and certain formalities are complied with ( contact with children [rules] 1991 , reg 3 ) .

All these issues take concrete form in the exchange 's rules and regulations .
all these issues take concrete form in the exchange 's rules and [rules] .

With regard to contracts for delivery the regulations are more explicit .
with regard to contracts for delivery the [rules] are more explicit .

It indicates that there is something left over after the linguists have done their work , a dark or light madness about language that will not be repressed and that can erupt at the very heart of the most sacred regulations identified as normative by grammarians .
it indicates that there is something left over after the linguists have done their work , a dark or light madness about language that will not be repressed and that can erupt at the very heart of the most sacred [rules] identified as normative by grammarians .

All the legal rules vital to them — the rules fixing taxation , welfare payments , labour relations , credit arrangements , and rent were born and live in particular acts of legislation , and litigation is increasingly a matter of judges finding pertinent sections in some statute or set of administrative regulations and deciding what these mean .
all the legal rules vital to them — the rules fixing taxation , welfare payments , labour relations , credit arrangements , and rent were born and live in particular acts of legislation , and litigation is increasingly a matter of judges finding pertinent sections in some statute or set of administrative [rules] and deciding what these mean .

Ordinary politics shares with utopian political theory certain political ideals , the ideals of a fair political structure , a just distribution of resources and opportunities , and an equitable process of enforcing the rules and regulations that establish these .
ordinary politics shares with utopian political theory certain political ideals , the ideals of a fair political structure , a just distribution of resources and opportunities , and an equitable process of enforcing the rules and [rules] that establish these .

Metropolitan Police regulations restricted the holding of rival meetings in close proximity , while in Manchester the police had banned the wearing of political uniforms .
metropolitan police [rules] restricted the holding of rival meetings in close proximity , while in manchester the police had banned the wearing of political uniforms .

Periodical payments of maintenance escape the statutory charge as does the first £2,500 of any money or property preserved or recovered ( Civil Legal Aid ( General ) Regulations 1989 , reg 94 ) .
periodical payments of maintenance escape the statutory charge as does the first £2,500 of any money or property preserved or recovered ( civil legal aid ( general ) [rules] 1989 , reg 94 ) .

If , however , the court order specifies that the lump sum is to be used for the purpose of purchasing a home for the assisted person or her dependants enforcement of the charge can be postponed ( Civil Legal Aid ( General ) Regulations 1989 , reg 96 ) .
if , however , the court order specifies that the lump sum is to be used for the purpose of purchasing a home for the assisted person or her dependants enforcement of the charge can be postponed ( civil legal aid ( general ) [rules] 1989 , reg 96 ) .

( vi ) Conveyance or transfer by husband to wife , not within s83 , with element of gift — no monetary consideration Although hardly within the circumstances mentioned in this book , such a conveyance does avoid a charge to stamp duty by virtue of the Regulations and provided that it is a conveyance or transfer of property operating as a voluntary disposition inter vivos for no consideration in money or money 's worth nor any consideration referred to in s57 of the Stamp Act 1891 ( conveyance in consideration of a debt etc ) .
( vi ) conveyance or transfer by husband to wife , not within s83 , with element of gift — no monetary consideration although hardly within the circumstances mentioned in this book , such a conveyance does avoid a charge to stamp duty by virtue of the [rules] and provided that it is a conveyance or transfer of property operating as a voluntary disposition inter vivos for no consideration in money or money 's worth nor any consideration referred to in s57 of the stamp act 1891 ( conveyance in consideration of a debt etc ) .

The conveyance not being one of sale and not exactly within the provisions of the exempt regulations ( see Chapter 2 ) , stamp duty of 50p only will be payable ( see p24 ) .
the conveyance not being one of sale and not exactly within the provisions of the exempt [rules] ( see chapter 2 ) , stamp duty of 50p only will be payable ( see p24 ) .

The new regulations place responsibility on businesses and industry to minimise the risk of fatality or personal injury due to faulty electrical appliances and fixtures in the workplace .
the new [rules] place responsibility on businesses and industry to minimise the risk of fatality or personal injury due to faulty electrical appliances and fixtures in the workplace .

The secretary of state may by regulations make such provision as he thinks fit for the payment of a fee of the prescribed amount to a local planning authority … in respect of an application made to them under the planning enactments for any permission , consent , approval , determination or certificate .
the secretary of state may by [rules] make such provision as he thinks fit for the payment of a fee of the prescribed amount to a local planning authority … in respect of an application made to them under the planning enactments for any permission , consent , approval , determination or certificate .

However , to illustrate , under the 1985 regulations , the fee per new dwelling is £53 ( up to fifty dwellings when the £2,650 then payable becomes the maximum for the development ) ; applications relating to commercial and industrial buildings are charged £27 for up to 40 sq .
however , to illustrate , under the 1985 [rules] , the fee per new dwelling is £53 ( up to fifty dwellings when the £2,650 then payable becomes the maximum for the development ) ; applications relating to commercial and industrial buildings are charged £27 for up to 40 sq .

The control of advertisements is exercised by regulations .
the control of advertisements is exercised by [rules] .

The secretary of state has very wide powers of making regulations ‘ in the interests of amenity or public safety ’ .
the secretary of state has very wide powers of making [rules] ‘ in the interests of amenity or public safety ’ .

These were extended by regulations made under the Planning Acts .
these were extended by [rules] made under the planning acts .

However , when the regulations came to be made , the government maintained that the policy which had been set out during the passage of the Bill through the House was unworkable .
however , when the [rules] came to be made , the government maintained that the policy which had been set out during the passage of the bill through the house was unworkable .

The Community Land Scheme was complex , and became increasingly so as regulations , directions and circulars followed the passing of the two Acts .
the community land scheme was complex , and became increasingly so as [rules] , directions and circulars followed the passing of the two acts .

Indeed , many sole practitioners clearly regarded the abolition of sole practice as the hidden agenda of the Council , and saw in the presentation of the issues in the background paper an attack upon the very concept of a single profession governed in accordance with single set of regulations .
indeed , many sole practitioners clearly regarded the abolition of sole practice as the hidden agenda of the council , and saw in the presentation of the issues in the background paper an attack upon the very concept of a single profession governed in accordance with single set of [rules] .

the Law Society should maintain a register of competent and approved accountants , and negotiate a scale of reasonable fees with their respective professional bodies ; the present regulations have not been enforced adequately ; there should be one random spot check per year on the accounts of all firms ;
the law society should maintain a register of competent and approved accountants , and negotiate a scale of reasonable fees with their respective professional bodies ; the present [rules] have not been enforced adequately ; there should be one random spot check per year on the accounts of all firms ;

b ) Effectiveness of the Law Society in its regulatory role — there was scope , argued a considerable number of respondents , for the Law Society to improve its effectiveness in enforcing the current regulations .
b ) effectiveness of the law society in its regulatory role — there was scope , argued a considerable number of respondents , for the law society to improve its effectiveness in enforcing the current [rules] .

The Department of Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland on regulations affecting distribution of smoked salmon by post ;
the department of agriculture and fisheries for scotland on [rules] affecting distribution of smoked salmon by post ;

This paper will review the range of statutory regulations which impact the means by which data is stored ; the conditions under which such storage must occur and the rules regarding the release of such information .
this paper will review the range of statutory [rules] which impact the means by which data is stored ; the conditions under which such storage must occur and the rules regarding the release of such information .

As soon as the Indian earns three reales a day , he will never work more than half the week , so that he will still have the same nine reales he gets at present . When you have changed everything , you will have to return to where you started : to freedom , to that true freedom which wants neither taxes nor regulations nor measures to develop agriculture : to that marvellous laissez-faire which is the last word of political economy
as soon as the indian earns three reales a day , he will never work more than half the week , so that he will still have the same nine reales he gets at present . when you have changed everything , you will have to return to where you started : to freedom , to that true freedom which wants neither taxes nor [rules] nor measures to develop agriculture : to that marvellous laissez-faire which is the last word of political economy

However if an order for payment out is required under Ord 11 , r 4 ( 2 ) , or if a legal aid certificate is in force in favour of the defendant , then the plaintiff must apply for his judgment and order for costs ( Ord 11 , r 2 ( 3 ) ( b ) ; ss 12 and 17 ( 1 ) of the Legal Aid Act 1988 and reg 124 of the Civil Legal Aid ( General ) Regulations 1989 ) .
however if an order for payment out is required under ord 11 , r 4 ( 2 ) , or if a legal aid certificate is in force in favour of the defendant , then the plaintiff must apply for his judgment and order for costs ( ord 11 , r 2 ( 3 ) ( b ) ; ss 12 and 17 ( 1 ) of the legal aid act 1988 and reg 124 of the civil legal aid ( general ) [rules] 1989 ) .

Money in court for the benefit of a person who has legal aid must be paid out only to his solicitor or , if he is no longer represented by a solicitor , to the Legal Aid Board ( Ord 11 , r 4(4) and reg 87 of the Civil Legal Aid ( General ) Regulations 1989 .
money in court for the benefit of a person who has legal aid must be paid out only to his solicitor or , if he is no longer represented by a solicitor , to the legal aid board ( ord 11 , r 4(4) and reg 87 of the civil legal aid ( general ) [rules] 1989 .

This task will be easier if the plaintiff has been convicted of an offence under the Motor Vehicles ( Wearing of Seat Belts ) Regulations 1982 or the 1991 Regulations making the wearing of seat belts in rear seats by adults compulsory because that conviction will throw the onus on to the plaintiff who will have to show it was erroneous or irrelevant to discharge it .
this task will be easier if the plaintiff has been convicted of an offence under the motor vehicles ( wearing of seat belts ) [rules] 1982 or the 1991 [rules] making the wearing of seat belts in rear seats by adults compulsory because that conviction will throw the onus on to the plaintiff who will have to show it was erroneous or irrelevant to discharge it .

Article 1 states the purpose of the Directive as approximating the law regulations and administrative provisions of the member states relating to unfair terms in contracts concluded between the seller or supplier and the consumer .
article 1 states the purpose of the directive as approximating the law [rules] and administrative provisions of the member states relating to unfair terms in contracts concluded between the seller or supplier and the consumer .

Article 10 requires the member states to adopt the laws , regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive no later than 31 December 1994 .
article 10 requires the member states to adopt the laws , [rules] and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this directive no later than 31 december 1994 .

The Green Paper sets out draft implementing regulations which by and large follow closely the wording of the Directive .
the green paper sets out draft implementing [rules] which by and large follow closely the wording of the directive .

7.2 Should you use any personnel to execute work on our premises they shall be required to abide by the safety rules and other relevant regulations laid down by us from time to time .
7.2 should you use any personnel to execute work on our premises they shall be required to abide by the safety rules and other relevant [rules] laid down by us from time to time .

As a matter of general law , apart from the statutory provisions and the Law Society 's regulations , the firm 's name must not be such as to deceive the general public into believing that it is dealing with some rival firm .
as a matter of general law , apart from the statutory provisions and the law society 's [rules] , the firm 's name must not be such as to deceive the general public into believing that it is dealing with some rival firm .

Compliance with the Solicitors ' Publicity Code and the Introductions and Referrals Code is a minimum requirement though any more rigorous regulations of the local jurisdiction must also be observed .
compliance with the solicitors ' publicity code and the introductions and referrals code is a minimum requirement though any more rigorous [rules] of the local jurisdiction must also be observed .

The Law Society has in force strict regulations ( a summary of which may be found in Chapter 12 ) regarding clients ' money and trust money , though infractions of the relevant rules do seem to occur with depressing frequency .
the law society has in force strict [rules] ( a summary of which may be found in chapter 12 ) regarding clients ' money and trust money , though infractions of the relevant rules do seem to occur with depressing frequency .

( b ) Under the Solicitors ' Act Much of the work of a solicitor is now the subject of regulations made by the Law Society under the Solicitors ' Act .
( b ) under the solicitors ' act much of the work of a solicitor is now the subject of [rules] made by the law society under the solicitors ' act .

The impact of these , increasingly numerous , regulations upon the partnership as a legal entity and upon the partnership agreement itself is limited , though where relevant is noted throughout this book .
the impact of these , increasingly numerous , [rules] upon the partnership as a legal entity and upon the partnership agreement itself is limited , though where relevant is noted throughout this book .

This will involve not only matters of professional competence and etiquette but also the need to ensure compliance with regulations regarding replacement of practising certificates , the annual delivery of certificates to the Solicitors Indemnity Fund and obtaining all other licences and authorisations relevant to the work of the firm .
this will involve not only matters of professional competence and etiquette but also the need to ensure compliance with [rules] regarding replacement of practising certificates , the annual delivery of certificates to the solicitors indemnity fund and obtaining all other licences and authorisations relevant to the work of the firm .

Even though the application of common sense will almost always ensure that no breach occurs , it will pay even small firms to detail one of the partners or a senior employee to vet all publicity material to ensure its compliance with these rules and regulations .
even though the application of common sense will almost always ensure that no breach occurs , it will pay even small firms to detail one of the partners or a senior employee to vet all publicity material to ensure its compliance with these rules and [rules] .

If desired the agreement could contain separate provisions regarding partners attending continuing education courses in accordance with Law Society training regulations or even the taking of sabbaticals , but perhaps these matters are best left to ad hoc arrangements with individual partners .
if desired the agreement could contain separate provisions regarding partners attending continuing education courses in accordance with law society training [rules] or even the taking of sabbaticals , but perhaps these matters are best left to ad hoc arrangements with individual partners .

Does an engineer who decides matters of planning regulations , architectural design and quantification of damages have the same liability for his decisions on those matters as for his decisions on engineering matters , and , if so , on what basis ?
does an engineer who decides matters of planning [rules] , architectural design and quantification of damages have the same liability for his decisions on those matters as for his decisions on engineering matters , and , if so , on what basis ?

It will usually be desirable for the landlord to have power to make regulations about traffic management .
it will usually be desirable for the landlord to have power to make [rules] about traffic management .

This is normally done by imposing upon the tenant a covenant to comply with regulations made from time by the landlord .
this is normally done by imposing upon the tenant a covenant to comply with [rules] made from time by the landlord .

The tenant 's adviser should seek to restrict the power to the making of reasonable regulations .
the tenant 's adviser should seek to restrict the power to the making of reasonable [rules] .

If further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . Example 2:13 Right to display advertisement permitted by regulations The right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the Town and Country Planning ( Control of Advertisements ) Regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof Example 2:14 Right to display advertisement in prescribed form The right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord
if further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . example 2:13 right to display advertisement permitted by [rules] the right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the town and country planning ( control of advertisements ) [rules] 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof example 2:14 right to display advertisement in prescribed form the right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord

Where Newco acquires the business and assets directly , then prima facie the Transfer of Undertakings ( Protection of Employment ) Regulations 1981 will `` preserve `` employees ' contracts of employment on the same terms and conditions , with Newco becoming the new employer .
where newco acquires the business and assets directly , then prima facie the transfer of undertakings ( protection of employment ) [rules] 1981 will `` preserve `` employees ' contracts of employment on the same terms and conditions , with newco becoming the new employer .

The effect of the Transfer Regulations is that the contracts of employment of the persons working in the business immediately before it is transferred are novated automatically to the purchaser on completion of the transfer .
the effect of the transfer [rules] is that the contracts of employment of the persons working in the business immediately before it is transferred are novated automatically to the purchaser on completion of the transfer .

The Transfer Regulations reverse the common law position which is that persons employed in that business will be redundant unless the vendor has other business in which they can be redeployed .
the transfer [rules] reverse the common law position which is that persons employed in that business will be redundant unless the vendor has other business in which they can be redeployed .

Instead , by virtue of the automatic novation when the Transfer Regulations apply , the contracts of employment continue to have effect after the transfer as if they were originally made between the purchaser and the employee .
instead , by virtue of the automatic novation when the transfer [rules] apply , the contracts of employment continue to have effect after the transfer as if they were originally made between the purchaser and the employee .

The Transfer Regulations reverse the position with respect to employees .
the transfer [rules] reverse the position with respect to employees .

Due to the Transfer Regulations , the purchaser is in much the same and in no better a position than if he had bought the shares of the vendor company .
due to the transfer [rules] , the purchaser is in much the same and in no better a position than if he had bought the shares of the vendor company .

As a result of the Transfer Regulations the purchaser becomes responsible for all the rights , obligations and liabilities of the vendor under the employment contracts for all persons employed in the business transferred .
as a result of the transfer [rules] the purchaser becomes responsible for all the rights , obligations and liabilities of the vendor under the employment contracts for all persons employed in the business transferred .

Until very recently it was commonly thought to be a peculiar anomaly of the Transfer Regulations that reg 7 specifically excludes from the statutory novation the rights of employees in respect of occupational pension schemes .
until very recently it was commonly thought to be a peculiar anomaly of the transfer [rules] that reg 7 specifically excludes from the statutory novation the rights of employees in respect of occupational pension schemes .

When do the Transfer Regulations apply ?
when do the transfer [rules] apply ?

Subject to the important exceptions below , the Transfer Regulations apply to the `` transfer from one person to another of an undertaking situated immediately before the transfer in the United Kingdom or a part of one which is so situated `` .
subject to the important exceptions below , the transfer [rules] apply to the `` transfer from one person to another of an undertaking situated immediately before the transfer in the united kingdom or a part of one which is so situated `` .

Such a statement merely indicates that the vendor and purchaser agree as between themselves that the Transfer Regulations should apply .
such a statement merely indicates that the vendor and purchaser agree as between themselves that the transfer [rules] should apply .

Specific situations when the Transfer Regulations do not apply
specific situations when the transfer [rules] do not apply

Even if a sale clearly appears to involve the transfer of a business as a going concern , it is still important to consider whether the Transfer Regulations are relevant .
even if a sale clearly appears to involve the transfer of a business as a going concern , it is still important to consider whether the transfer [rules] are relevant .

The following are common situations in which the Transfer Regulations will not apply .
the following are common situations in which the transfer [rules] will not apply .

Dismissals under the Transfer Regulations
dismissals under the transfer [rules]

Any dismissal ( either express or constructive ) which is in connection with a sale governed by the Transfer Regulations is , as a result of reg 8 ( 1 ) of the Transfer Regulations , automatically presumed to be an unfair dismissal .
any dismissal ( either express or constructive ) which is in connection with a sale governed by the transfer [rules] is , as a result of reg 8 ( 1 ) of the transfer [rules] , automatically presumed to be an unfair dismissal .

The automatic presumption is rebutted if the dismissal is for an `` economic , technical or organisational reason entailing changes in the work force `` ( see reg 8 ( 2 ) of the Transfer Regulations ) .
the automatic presumption is rebutted if the dismissal is for an `` economic , technical or organisational reason entailing changes in the work force `` ( see reg 8 ( 2 ) of the transfer [rules] ) .

In Litster , even though the sale was by a receiver , it was clear that the employees had been dismissed immediately prior to completing the sale of a business solely to avoid the effect of the Transfer Regulations on the sale .
in litster , even though the sale was by a receiver , it was clear that the employees had been dismissed immediately prior to completing the sale of a business solely to avoid the effect of the transfer [rules] on the sale .

If the Transfer Regulations do not apply , but it is the transfer of a business as a going concern , the position is governed by the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 ( although a discussion of this Act is outside the scope of this book ) .
if the transfer [rules] do not apply , but it is the transfer of a business as a going concern , the position is governed by the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 ( although a discussion of this act is outside the scope of this book ) .

However , if the Transfer Regulations do not apply and it is not the transfer of a business as a going concern , the position is governed by the common law .
however , if the transfer [rules] do not apply and it is not the transfer of a business as a going concern , the position is governed by the common law .

Under reg 10 of the Transfer Regulations , the vendor is under a duty to give recognised trade unions certain information about the business sale and the vendor is under a duty to consult with the unions if either the vendor or the purchaser envisages he will take `` measures `` in relation to the transfer .
under reg 10 of the transfer [rules] , the vendor is under a duty to give recognised trade unions certain information about the business sale and the vendor is under a duty to consult with the unions if either the vendor or the purchaser envisages he will take `` measures `` in relation to the transfer .

The Transfer Regulations do not impose a duty to consult employees in general if there is no recognised trade union .
the transfer [rules] do not impose a duty to consult employees in general if there is no recognised trade union .

Meanwhile , a report by the National Academy of Sciences called for changes in chemical regulations to protect children because of the possibility that they may be uniquely sensitive to pesticide residues .
meanwhile , a report by the national academy of sciences called for changes in chemical [rules] to protect children because of the possibility that they may be uniquely sensitive to pesticide residues .

The report advises developing countries on drawing up contracts and establishing regulations so that they can profit from their biodiversity . ``
the report advises developing countries on drawing up contracts and establishing [rules] so that they can profit from their biodiversity . ``

Marketing and distribution assistance is also needed , as are changes in existing regulations that hinder small-scale food processing .
marketing and distribution assistance is also needed , as are changes in existing [rules] that hinder small-scale food processing .

European Commission President , Jacques Delors , has announced that the funds are to be increased over the next five years , although the regulations governing their use are to be reformed .
european commission president , jacques delors , has announced that the funds are to be increased over the next five years , although the [rules] governing their use are to be reformed .

The organizations are demanding that more stringent environmental criteria be built into the reformed regulations .
the organizations are demanding that more stringent environmental criteria be built into the reformed [rules] .

The other generating company , PowerGen , has been burning orimulsion on an experimental basis under less strict control regulations in force at the time of licensing .
the other generating company , powergen , has been burning orimulsion on an experimental basis under less strict control [rules] in force at the time of licensing .

Dounreay " breaking nuclear waste regulations "
dounreay " breaking nuclear waste [rules] "

The nuclear power plant at Dounreay , Scotland , is breaking regulations on the storage and disposal of radioactive waste , according to a former nuclear waste manager and head of British Nuclear Fuels ' environment protection group , Bob Burton .
the nuclear power plant at dounreay , scotland , is breaking [rules] on the storage and disposal of radioactive waste , according to a former nuclear waste manager and head of british nuclear fuels ' environment protection group , bob burton .

The decision comes against a background of growing concern , in Latin America and elsewhere in the developing world , that poorer countries are being used as a dumping ground by companies keen to avoid the more stringent regulations governing toxic waste in force in industrialized states .
the decision comes against a background of growing concern , in latin america and elsewhere in the developing world , that poorer countries are being used as a dumping ground by companies keen to avoid the more stringent [rules] governing toxic waste in force in industrialized states .

France unveils draft recycling regulations
france unveils draft recycling [rules]

If the new regulations gain parliamentary approval , producers or importers of consumer goods will be obliged to recover packaging , either themselves or through a hired contractor , by the start of next year .
if the new [rules] gain parliamentary approval , producers or importers of consumer goods will be obliged to recover packaging , either themselves or through a hired contractor , by the start of next year .

The European Recovery and Recycling Association has stated its preference for schemes which are commercially-XXXX driven , rather than imposed by regulations , while the Industrial Council for Packaging and the Environment ( Incpen ) has criticized its lack of flexibility . ``
the european recovery and recycling association has stated its preference for schemes which are commercially-xxxx driven , rather than imposed by [rules] , while the industrial council for packaging and the environment ( incpen ) has criticized its lack of flexibility . ``

Ofwat , the water industry watchdog in England and Wales , has warned that water bills could double in real terms by the year 2005 because of the cost of meeting environmental regulations .
ofwat , the water industry watchdog in england and wales , has warned that water bills could double in real terms by the year 2005 because of the cost of meeting environmental [rules] .

Germany 's tough waste disposal regulations are believed to be encouraging unscrupulous operators to dump toxic waste in neighbouring countries .
germany 's tough waste disposal [rules] are believed to be encouraging unscrupulous operators to dump toxic waste in neighbouring countries .

The German Environment Minister , Klaus Töpfer , has presented draft regulations which will make it compulsory for car manufacturers to take back their old cars for recycling or disposal .
the german environment minister , klaus töpfer , has presented draft [rules] which will make it compulsory for car manufacturers to take back their old cars for recycling or disposal .

New regulations were imposed banning vehicles from the road two days per week , on a rotation basis , with the ban extending to weekends for some vehicles .
new [rules] were imposed banning vehicles from the road two days per week , on a rotation basis , with the ban extending to weekends for some vehicles .

Unleaded petrol was introduced last year , and new regulations now compel refineries to cut the proportion of lead in conventional petrol , and produce lighter , less smoky diesel fuel .
unleaded petrol was introduced last year , and new [rules] now compel refineries to cut the proportion of lead in conventional petrol , and produce lighter , less smoky diesel fuel .

The regulations were provided for in the 1990 Environmental Protection Act .
the [rules] were provided for in the 1990 environmental protection act .

Some in the forestry industry would like to see tax regulations used to encourage individuals to invest in tree planting , through vehicles such as unit trusts .
some in the forestry industry would like to see tax [rules] used to encourage individuals to invest in tree planting , through vehicles such as unit trusts .

The German government is set to extend to industry the compulsory recovery/recycling regulations which apply to consumer packaging [ see EDs 63 , 56 ] .
the german government is set to extend to industry the compulsory recovery/recycling [rules] which apply to consumer packaging [ see eds 63 , 56 ] .

But it also points out that there may be cases where technology changes fast to the benefit of companies which wait or where environmental investment can be a competitive disadvantage when a company exports to parts of the world with less stringent regulations .
but it also points out that there may be cases where technology changes fast to the benefit of companies which wait or where environmental investment can be a competitive disadvantage when a company exports to parts of the world with less stringent [rules] .

New regulations aimed at preserving wildlife and natural resources have been imposed on the fishing industry in the South Atlantic .
new [rules] aimed at preserving wildlife and natural resources have been imposed on the fishing industry in the south atlantic .

California introduces cleaner petrol regulations
california introduces cleaner petrol [rules]

The State of California 's Air Resources Board has announced new regulations for petrol , providing for a 30 per cent cut in emissions of air pollutants .
the state of california 's air resources board has announced new [rules] for petrol , providing for a 30 per cent cut in emissions of air pollutants .

The all-party Public Accounts Committee of the House of Commons has called for stricter regulations to prevent pollution by oil and chemical spills at sea .
the all-party public accounts committee of the house of commons has called for stricter [rules] to prevent pollution by oil and chemical spills at sea .

The waste-to-energy companies are pressing for financial support to allow them to take advantage of new waste management regulations due to come into force next year .
the waste-to-energy companies are pressing for financial support to allow them to take advantage of new waste management [rules] due to come into force next year .

The German government recently drafted regulations making it compulsory for car makers to take back their old cars when they are due to be scrapped .
the german government recently drafted [rules] making it compulsory for car makers to take back their old cars when they are due to be scrapped .

Since the early 1980s , the Chinese parliament has enacted four major laws on the protection of the environment , and eight laws on the protection of natural resources , and the government has issued a series of administrative regulations and environmental standards .
since the early 1980s , the chinese parliament has enacted four major laws on the protection of the environment , and eight laws on the protection of natural resources , and the government has issued a series of administrative [rules] and environmental standards .

France has introduced regulations on the protection of water supplied from pollution by nitrates from agricultural use .
france has introduced [rules] on the protection of water supplied from pollution by nitrates from agricultural use .

The city 's environmental problems are due to rapid urbanization , poor infrastructure and ineffective enforcement of regulations .
the city 's environmental problems are due to rapid urbanization , poor infrastructure and ineffective enforcement of [rules] .

These orders , valid into the next century , carried few conditions when granted and would not meet current environmental regulations .
these orders , valid into the next century , carried few conditions when granted and would not meet current environmental [rules] .

The scheme will replace current regulations based on the concentrations of chemicals in the water .
the scheme will replace current [rules] based on the concentrations of chemicals in the water .

The new law does include some conservation measures , including incentives to promote management of native forests and measures to help the public denounce infringements of the regulations .
the new law does include some conservation measures , including incentives to promote management of native forests and measures to help the public denounce infringements of the [rules] .

It recommends a full evaluation study of the problem , and urges an end to the disagreement in the Council of Ministers over regulations governing finance for pollution research .
it recommends a full evaluation study of the problem , and urges an end to the disagreement in the council of ministers over [rules] governing finance for pollution research .

The octopus will be the first animal without a backbone to be protected under regulations that already cover experiments on vertebrates .
the octopus will be the first animal without a backbone to be protected under [rules] that already cover experiments on vertebrates .

When the safety of walkers is threatened by the use of pesticides on crops , The Ramblers ' Association challenges the government to bring in better safety regulations .
when the safety of walkers is threatened by the use of pesticides on crops , the ramblers ' association challenges the government to bring in better safety [rules] .

Moreover , there are well established structures for dealing with work hazards , following the 1974 Health and Safety at Work Act and the 1978 Safety Representatives and Safety Committees Regulations .
moreover , there are well established structures for dealing with work hazards , following the 1974 health and safety at work act and the 1978 safety representatives and safety committees [rules] .

The commissioner quotes the Environmental Assessment ( Salmon Farming in Marine Waters ) Regulations of 1988 , which says that ‘ a proposed development shall only be taken to be likely to have significant effects on the environment … where the Crown Estates Commissioners consider that this is the case .
the commissioner quotes the environmental assessment ( salmon farming in marine waters ) [rules] of 1988 , which says that ‘ a proposed development shall only be taken to be likely to have significant effects on the environment … where the crown estates commissioners consider that this is the case .

The moral commands of the Bible are presented more as main guiding principles and ideals than as a set of meticulously detailed regulations for daily living .
the moral commands of the bible are presented more as main guiding principles and ideals than as a set of meticulously detailed [rules] for daily living .

So , in addition to regulations for worship ( festivals , sacrifices , etc . )
so , in addition to [rules] for worship ( festivals , sacrifices , etc . )

These regulations no longer apply to the Christian church , though the underlying principles still have much to teach .
these [rules] no longer apply to the christian church , though the underlying principles still have much to teach .

Regulations protecting the weak and helpless ( slaves , orphans , widows , foreigners ) are particularly striking .
[rules] protecting the weak and helpless ( slaves , orphans , widows , foreigners ) are particularly striking .

These regulations fill out in detail the summary of 20:1–17 .
these [rules] fill out in detail the summary of 20:1–17 .

The same principles govern present-day public health regulations .
the same principles govern present-day public health [rules] .

This is the earliest formulation of quarantine regulations and preventive medicine relating to these diseases so far recovered from the ancient Near East .
this is the earliest formulation of quarantine [rules] and preventive medicine relating to these diseases so far recovered from the ancient near east .

Regulations are given for both normal ( seminal and menstrual ) and abnormal , possibly malignant , discharges .
[rules] are given for both normal ( seminal and menstrual ) and abnormal , possibly malignant , discharges .

Because of their position and duties the priests are subject to particularly stringent regulations on ritual purity .
because of their position and duties the priests are subject to particularly stringent [rules] on ritual purity .

Many unnecessary regulations on business have also been removed , leaving industry freer to compete .
many unnecessary [rules] on business have also been removed , leaving industry freer to compete .

Another apparently unique aspect of the current world market is the extraordinary profusion of regulations , standards , rules , laws and policies .
another apparently unique aspect of the current world market is the extraordinary profusion of [rules] , standards , rules , laws and policies .

It was flouted — as indeed would be many other laws and decrees , rules and regulations governing communications during the next 40-odd years .
it was flouted — as indeed would be many other laws and decrees , rules and [rules] governing communications during the next 40-odd years .

Where a treaty is silent on assignability certain factors should be weighed to determine its legitimacy , for example the intention of the parties and their interests , the background to the negotiations and the circumstances at the conclusion of the treaty , the subject matter and terms of the treaty , the identity of the assignee and its relationship with the treaty parties , the impact of the assignment on the original parties , and any domestic regulations that might be relevant .
where a treaty is silent on assignability certain factors should be weighed to determine its legitimacy , for example the intention of the parties and their interests , the background to the negotiations and the circumstances at the conclusion of the treaty , the subject matter and terms of the treaty , the identity of the assignee and its relationship with the treaty parties , the impact of the assignment on the original parties , and any domestic [rules] that might be relevant .

Canadian regulations require a flight operating under instrument flight rules to carry sufficient fuel for flight to the destination , thence to an alternate airport , plus forty-five minutes reserve , unless otherwise specifically authorised .
canadian [rules] require a flight operating under instrument flight rules to carry sufficient fuel for flight to the destination , thence to an alternate airport , plus forty-five minutes reserve , unless otherwise specifically authorised .

Rowntree quotes Philip Jackson on the average school system and what it teaches the student : " He learns to be passive and to acquiesce to the network of rules , regulations and routines in which he is embedded . " ( Rowntree 1974 : 40 ) He quotes Harold Taylor :
rowntree quotes philip jackson on the average school system and what it teaches the student : " he learns to be passive and to acquiesce to the network of rules , [rules] and routines in which he is embedded . " ( rowntree 1974 : 40 ) he quotes harold taylor :

Now equally of course organization can stultify progress , enmesh teachers and students alike in a nightmare of regulations and restrictions , tie up materials and equipment that could otherwise be productively used , and generally contribute more to the personal empires of individuals than to liberation of either teachers or students .
now equally of course organization can stultify progress , enmesh teachers and students alike in a nightmare of [rules] and restrictions , tie up materials and equipment that could otherwise be productively used , and generally contribute more to the personal empires of individuals than to liberation of either teachers or students .

In fact , it was largely through the middle-class and scientific bias of the new provincial colleges that English Language , Literature , and History came to serve as a so-called `` poor man 's classics `` , and it was only at the very end of the century that Oxbridge became sufficiently concerned to begin to succumb to the then `` national demand `` for such studies and introduce new `` Schools `` and `` Tripos `` regulations that would allow the ancient institutions to take a lead in these new areas .
in fact , it was largely through the middle-class and scientific bias of the new provincial colleges that english language , literature , and history came to serve as a so-called `` poor man 's classics `` , and it was only at the very end of the century that oxbridge became sufficiently concerned to begin to succumb to the then `` national demand `` for such studies and introduce new `` schools `` and `` tripos `` [rules] that would allow the ancient institutions to take a lead in these new areas .

The 1904 School Regulations refer to the `` group of subjects commonly classed as `` English `` and including the English language and literature , Geography and History `` .
the 1904 school [rules] refer to the `` group of subjects commonly classed as `` english `` and including the english language and literature , geography and history `` .

The sale ( subject to British export control regulations ) was made through Christie 's after the completion of the loan period and after the National Gallery had been offered first refusal .
the sale ( subject to british export control [rules] ) was made through christie 's after the completion of the loan period and after the national gallery had been offered first refusal .

Another factor was raised in a case in which the government did not properly consult local authorities ( as required by statute ) before making some regulations : by the time the application to revoke the regulations was heard , they had been in operation for some time and to revoke them would have caused considerable administrative inconvenience which could not be justified given that no real complaint was made about the substance of the regulations .
another factor was raised in a case in which the government did not properly consult local authorities ( as required by statute ) before making some [rules] : by the time the application to revoke the [rules] was heard , they had been in operation for some time and to revoke them would have caused considerable administrative inconvenience which could not be justified given that no real complaint was made about the substance of the [rules] .

So it has been held that a provision in a statute that regulations made under the statute will take effect as if enacted in the statute ( that is , they will be unchallengeable as if they were made by Parliament ) does not prevent the courts holding the regulation to be ultra vires .
so it has been held that a provision in a statute that [rules] made under the statute will take effect as if enacted in the statute ( that is , they will be unchallengeable as if they were made by parliament ) does not prevent the courts holding the regulation to be ultra vires .

The jurisdiction of a university visitor to adjudicate on disputes governed by the university 's statutes , regulations and other ‘ internal laws ’ precludes recourse to a court in respect of the dispute , although the decision of the visitor is amenable to judicial review .
the jurisdiction of a university visitor to adjudicate on disputes governed by the university 's statutes , [rules] and other ‘ internal laws ’ precludes recourse to a court in respect of the dispute , although the decision of the visitor is amenable to judicial review .

The main stumbling block for Drouot and other auction houses that want to deal with Russia is that the old export regulations ban any external trade in works of art created before 1945 .
the main stumbling block for drouot and other auction houses that want to deal with russia is that the old export [rules] ban any external trade in works of art created before 1945 .

Commenting on the draft law , Russia ' a new Deputy Minister of Culture , Tatyana Nikitina , points out that the new regulations will allow the export of works of art dating from the beginning of this century .
commenting on the draft law , russia ' a new deputy minister of culture , tatyana nikitina , points out that the new [rules] will allow the export of works of art dating from the beginning of this century .

The report is fair in stating its case in favour of such regulations , without concealing the disadvantages which these new rules would undoubtedly bring about for the Swiss art market .
the report is fair in stating its case in favour of such [rules] , without concealing the disadvantages which these new rules would undoubtedly bring about for the swiss art market .

Their authority is based on the law passed in 1939 that governs Italy 's entire artistic heritage ( legge di tutela No.1089 ) and backed up by the specialist department for underwater archaeology , set up in 1988 within the central office of the Ministero dei Beni Culturali , with the cooperation of the Ministero della Marina Mercantile ( whose regulations are enforced by the harbour offices of Italy 's ports ) .
their authority is based on the law passed in 1939 that governs italy 's entire artistic heritage ( legge di tutela no.1089 ) and backed up by the specialist department for underwater archaeology , set up in 1988 within the central office of the ministero dei beni culturali , with the cooperation of the ministero della marina mercantile ( whose [rules] are enforced by the harbour offices of italy 's ports ) .

Among these is the establishment of a board of trustees which would keep an eye on expenditure of budget resources and financial allocations , setting up a charity council , drafting completely new regulations for the museum , the foundation of a commercial marketing service and other moves .
among these is the establishment of a board of trustees which would keep an eye on expenditure of budget resources and financial allocations , setting up a charity council , drafting completely new [rules] for the museum , the foundation of a commercial marketing service and other moves .

The phrase ‘ it allows individual countries to apply their own regulations ’ obscures this important difference .
the phrase ‘ it allows individual countries to apply their own [rules] ’ obscures this important difference .

In calculating the amount of Housing Benefit , regulations stipulate that it must be assumed that the student is in receipt of the full grant .
in calculating the amount of housing benefit , [rules] stipulate that it must be assumed that the student is in receipt of the full grant .

Accurate dating is crucial in these cases because tax regulations in some countries provide exemptions for antiques ; these vary from country to country , and advice should be taken locally .
accurate dating is crucial in these cases because tax [rules] in some countries provide exemptions for antiques ; these vary from country to country , and advice should be taken locally .

Despite regulations regarding design , the sport was becoming dangerous as engines were built to be more powerful and , following the abandonment of the 1903 Paris-Madrid race due to many accidents , notably to pedestrians , road racing was banned .
despite [rules] regarding design , the sport was becoming dangerous as engines were built to be more powerful and , following the abandonment of the 1903 paris-madrid race due to many accidents , notably to pedestrians , road racing was banned .

This suggests again the close connection between property regulations and marriage patterns .
this suggests again the close connection between property [rules] and marriage patterns .

He was a quiet , wise , friendly man who ran his hall with a minimum of rules and regulations , treating undergraduates as adults and impressing on them the need for courtesy and consideration in their dealings with one another , and with the domestic staff .
he was a quiet , wise , friendly man who ran his hall with a minimum of rules and [rules] , treating undergraduates as adults and impressing on them the need for courtesy and consideration in their dealings with one another , and with the domestic staff .

Many employers did little more than comply with the bare regulations .
many employers did little more than comply with the bare [rules] .

This was , of course , forbidden by Poor Law regulations unless paid in return for test labour .
this was , of course , forbidden by poor law [rules] unless paid in return for test labour .

the guardians in Poplar and other Unions with high rates of unemployment were constrained from paying out-door relief not only by the regulations but by the fact that such payments would have to be financed by the ratepayers of the Union , most of whom were low paid .
the guardians in poplar and other unions with high rates of unemployment were constrained from paying out-door relief not only by the [rules] but by the fact that such payments would have to be financed by the ratepayers of the union , most of whom were low paid .

’ The Majority , whilst also favouring discipline for the poor , argued that voluntary workers would respond more flexibly to need than those limited by state regulations .
’ the majority , whilst also favouring discipline for the poor , argued that voluntary workers would respond more flexibly to need than those limited by state [rules] .

The proliferation of ‘ sweated ’ workshops , and outwork had itself been in part an employer response to the closer regulation of factories during the nineteenth century , an attempt to evade these regulations .
the proliferation of ‘ sweated ’ workshops , and outwork had itself been in part an employer response to the closer regulation of factories during the nineteenth century , an attempt to evade these [rules] .

( This is limited by international postal regulations . )
( this is limited by international postal [rules] . )

Regulations governing trade and industry could be turned to the profit of courtiers and officials .
[rules] governing trade and industry could be turned to the profit of courtiers and officials .

These provisions will be replaced gradually by new regulations and approved codes of practice .
these provisions will be replaced gradually by new [rules] and approved codes of practice .

The relevant circumstances and the information required would be prescribed in regulations .
the relevant circumstances and the information required would be prescribed in [rules] .

to make recommendations to Government Departments concerned on enforcement policies , on special investigations and inquires , and on the making of health and safety regulations ;
to make recommendations to government departments concerned on enforcement policies , on special investigations and inquires , and on the making of health and safety [rules] ;

Provisions listed in the second column below and those of regulations etc. made under them , remain in existence until replaced by regulations made under the Order .
provisions listed in the second column below and those of [rules] etc. made under them , remain in existence until replaced by [rules] made under the order .

The main provisions of the existing Acts covering health and safety , and regulations made under them , will be retained but will be amended , revised or repealed as necessary over a period of years .
the main provisions of the existing acts covering health and safety , and [rules] made under them , will be retained but will be amended , revised or repealed as necessary over a period of years .

Details of other specific exemptions are included in the Regulations .
details of other specific exemptions are included in the [rules] .

This leaflet is only a general guide to the new law which is set out in ‘ The Motor Vehicles ( Wearing of Seat Belts in Rear Seats by Adults ) Regulations 1991 .
this leaflet is only a general guide to the new law which is set out in ‘ the motor vehicles ( wearing of seat belts in rear seats by adults ) [rules] 1991 .

For Korean residents who have known no home other than Japan these regulations are considered particularly insulting .
for korean residents who have known no home other than japan these [rules] are considered particularly insulting .

It was a trend that rules and regulations were powerless to halt .
it was a trend that rules and [rules] were powerless to halt .

Regulations require potatoes to be marked with the name of the variety at the point of sale .
[rules] require potatoes to be marked with the name of the variety at the point of sale .

Non-residents ( to be judged according to exchange-control regulations ) may also create companies .
non-residents ( to be judged according to exchange-control [rules] ) may also create companies .

Every advertisement will comply with the Consumer Credit Act Advertising Regulations as well as the Codes of Practice of the Advertising Standards Authority and similar organisations .
every advertisement will comply with the consumer credit act advertising [rules] as well as the codes of practice of the advertising standards authority and similar organisations .

It has led to changes in the law relating to the continued confinement of restricted mental patients ; the release of discretionary life sentence prisoners ; , and regulations on the marriage of prisoners , their correspondence , and access to lawyers .
it has led to changes in the law relating to the continued confinement of restricted mental patients ; the release of discretionary life sentence prisoners ; , and [rules] on the marriage of prisoners , their correspondence , and access to lawyers .

Anyone who has worthwhile pure-breeds needs to promote and sell stock ( those iniquitous Salmonella regulations notwithstanding ) , so that these birds can be distributed around the country to save them in case of some devastating disease appearing ( my free-range flock was nearly destroyed by Gumboro two years ago ) .
anyone who has worthwhile pure-breeds needs to promote and sell stock ( those iniquitous salmonella [rules] notwithstanding ) , so that these birds can be distributed around the country to save them in case of some devastating disease appearing ( my free-range flock was nearly destroyed by gumboro two years ago ) .

The Welfare of Livestock Regulations 1990 came into force ( except for two of its provisions ) on 1.1.91 .
the welfare of livestock [rules] 1990 came into force ( except for two of its provisions ) on 1.1.91 .

So unless you keep goats only for your own needs , you are covered by these Regulations .
so unless you keep goats only for your own needs , you are covered by these [rules] .

The Regulations require that : any person who keeps any livestock on agricultural land , or who knowingly causes or permits any livestock to be so kept , must ensure that anybody attending the stock has access to the relevant Welfare Code , is aware of its provisions and ( after 1.1.92 ) if they are attending the stock on behalf of the keeper has had instruction on the Welfare Code .
the [rules] require that : any person who keeps any livestock on agricultural land , or who knowingly causes or permits any livestock to be so kept , must ensure that anybody attending the stock has access to the relevant welfare code , is aware of its provisions and ( after 1.1.92 ) if they are attending the stock on behalf of the keeper has had instruction on the welfare code .

The balance has shifted from a financial structure which was predominantly state-based with some transnational links , to a predominantly global system in which some residual local differences in markets , institutions and regulations persist as vestiges of a bygone age .
the balance has shifted from a financial structure which was predominantly state-based with some transnational links , to a predominantly global system in which some residual local differences in markets , institutions and [rules] persist as vestiges of a bygone age .

For the same business , firms vary their choices across countries , depending upon local regulations , the size of the local market and the existence of both local competitors and suppliers .
for the same business , firms vary their choices across countries , depending upon local [rules] , the size of the local market and the existence of both local competitors and suppliers .

Over time , however , the balance of effect may change as the technology matures , competitors develop rival products or regulations shift .
over time , however , the balance of effect may change as the technology matures , competitors develop rival products or [rules] shift .

Their power was eroded as producer governments applied tougher regulations or nationalised the plantations and ranches .
their power was eroded as producer governments applied tougher [rules] or nationalised the plantations and ranches .

Brazil , on the other hand , has combined export subsidies with other regulations to force firms to develop exports and add a greater net contribution to the balance-of-payments as the price for being able to sell in the huge internal market .
brazil , on the other hand , has combined export subsidies with other [rules] to force firms to develop exports and add a greater net contribution to the balance-of-payments as the price for being able to sell in the huge internal market .

The equivalent uniform for officers was described in the 1985 Regulations as : ‘ … a single-breasted sack coat of dark-blue cloth or serge , with standing collar fastened … ‘ ; coat to close with a flap containing suitable concealed fastenings , the skirt to extend from one-third to two-thirds the distance from the hip-joint to the bend of the knee … a vertical opening at each side of the hip … ; shoulder straps and collar insignia to be worn . The coat to be trimmed with lustrous black mohair flat braid … all around the bottom , the front edges , the collar , and from six inches upward from the bottom along both side openings to the skirt , with braid 1¼ inches wide …
the equivalent uniform for officers was described in the 1985 [rules] as : ‘ … a single-breasted sack coat of dark-blue cloth or serge , with standing collar fastened … ‘ ; coat to close with a flap containing suitable concealed fastenings , the skirt to extend from one-third to two-thirds the distance from the hip-joint to the bend of the knee … a vertical opening at each side of the hip … ; shoulder straps and collar insignia to be worn . the coat to be trimmed with lustrous black mohair flat braid … all around the bottom , the front edges , the collar , and from six inches upward from the bottom along both side openings to the skirt , with braid 1¼ inches wide …

Above : In 1901 regulations added a pair of shoulder straps to the white undress coat , and insignia of branch , unit and rank were thenceforward displayed exactly as on the khaki field blouse ; this coat bears the insignia of a captain of the 23rd Infantry .
above : in 1901 [rules] added a pair of shoulder straps to the white undress coat , and insignia of branch , unit and rank were thenceforward displayed exactly as on the khaki field blouse ; this coat bears the insignia of a captain of the 23rd infantry .

He wears the formal ‘ guard ’ and walking-out dress of December 1935 regulations , as modified in July 1940 and August 1941 .
he wears the formal ‘ guard ’ and walking-out dress of december 1935 [rules] , as modified in july 1940 and august 1941 .

Current regulations provide that the value of a client 's home should be ignored if the absence is temporary .
current [rules] provide that the value of a client 's home should be ignored if the absence is temporary .

Therefore , by common law a hotel must offer food and accommodation to its guests ; but it must also assume a liability for the property of guests , conform to public health and safety regulations , and provide a high standard of cleanliness and sanitation .
therefore , by common law a hotel must offer food and accommodation to its guests ; but it must also assume a liability for the property of guests , conform to public health and safety [rules] , and provide a high standard of cleanliness and sanitation .

rules and regulations relating to arrival and check out times , methods of payment accepted , chance business , licensing for special functions etc. ;
rules and [rules] relating to arrival and check out times , methods of payment accepted , chance business , licensing for special functions etc. ;

The cashier should observe currency regulations and be aware of the rates of exchange , which change daily .
the cashier should observe currency [rules] and be aware of the rates of exchange , which change daily .

The Food and Drugs Act 1955 , and the Food Hygiene ( General ) Regulations 1970 control the cleanliness of all establishments concerned with food preparation , hotel kitchens must comply with these regulations .
the food and drugs act 1955 , and the food hygiene ( general ) [rules] 1970 control the cleanliness of all establishments concerned with food preparation , hotel kitchens must comply with these [rules] .

Prosecution for offences under either the 1955 Act or the 1970 Regulations may lead to heavy penalties , and even to the enforced closure of the premises by the Food & Drugs ( Control of Food Premises ) Act 1976 .
prosecution for offences under either the 1955 act or the 1970 [rules] may lead to heavy penalties , and even to the enforced closure of the premises by the food & drugs ( control of food premises ) act 1976 .

The many rules and regulations concerning licensing will only be touched on in this section ; they form in themselves a considerable volume of law .
the many rules and [rules] concerning licensing will only be touched on in this section ; they form in themselves a considerable volume of law .

Annie felt worried for the young woman who was flaunting the rules and regulations and taking such a risk .
annie felt worried for the young woman who was flaunting the rules and [rules] and taking such a risk .

( There is , of course , much more evidence that they exercise their power covertly , by establishing informal rates of work , by absenteeism , by working to regulations . )
( there is , of course , much more evidence that they exercise their power covertly , by establishing informal rates of work , by absenteeism , by working to [rules] . )

We comment on , or suggest refinements to , the procedures , policies and regulations ( the structure ) .
we comment on , or suggest refinements to , the procedures , policies and [rules] ( the structure ) .

There may be a need to consider changes to the general practitioner 's contract to encourage research , such as relaxing the regulations of hours committed to patient services and creating a practice development allowance to encourage practices to work with commissioning authorities to adopt and evaluate health gain strategies .
there may be a need to consider changes to the general practitioner 's contract to encourage research , such as relaxing the [rules] of hours committed to patient services and creating a practice development allowance to encourage practices to work with commissioning authorities to adopt and evaluate health gain strategies .

Public expenditure must be savagely reduced , business had to be liberated from the web of state and federal regulations and stability brought about in the monetary system .
public expenditure must be savagely reduced , business had to be liberated from the web of state and federal [rules] and stability brought about in the monetary system .

In common with other supply-side enthusiasts , he was convinced that sundry federal agencies had put in place a web of unnecessarily restrictive regulations that distorted market forces and inhibited the spirit of free enterprise .
in common with other supply-side enthusiasts , he was convinced that sundry federal agencies had put in place a web of unnecessarily restrictive [rules] that distorted market forces and inhibited the spirit of free enterprise .

The work of regulatory agencies was also undermined by budget cuts and a concerted unwillingness to enforce existing regulations .
the work of regulatory agencies was also undermined by budget cuts and a concerted unwillingness to enforce existing [rules] .

Regulations laid down in 1865 made life significantly easier for the bulk of the press , reducing pre-publication censorship and committing the authorities to refer most alleged offences to the courts .
[rules] laid down in 1865 made life significantly easier for the bulk of the press , reducing pre-publication censorship and committing the authorities to refer most alleged offences to the courts .

Similarly the law has made possible regulations to encourage the mobility of Greek university students within Europe .
similarly the law has made possible [rules] to encourage the mobility of greek university students within europe .

Federal and state health ministers have agreed on regulations requiring that , from July 1993 , half the surface area of cigarette packs is to contain explicit and detailed health information , including a free of charge ‘ quit line ’ telephone number .
federal and state health ministers have agreed on [rules] requiring that , from july 1993 , half the surface area of cigarette packs is to contain explicit and detailed health information , including a free of charge ‘ quit line ’ telephone number .

Harvard Securities were paid to make a market in Towerbell Records , but as Tom Wilmot has pointed out , the dealer who sent that letter would not have known of the pending disaster since dealers were forbidden access to the firm 's corporate finance department by the so-called " Chinese walls " However Wilmot has sometimes blamed his dealers for breaching dealing regulations .
harvard securities were paid to make a market in towerbell records , but as tom wilmot has pointed out , the dealer who sent that letter would not have known of the pending disaster since dealers were forbidden access to the firm 's corporate finance department by the so-called " chinese walls " however wilmot has sometimes blamed his dealers for breaching dealing [rules] .

Clients ' funds , against all regulations , are often mixed with company funds .
clients ' funds , against all [rules] , are often mixed with company funds .

It is always the small naive investor who fusses , complains of breach in regulations , and cancels .
it is always the small naive investor who fusses , complains of breach in [rules] , and cancels .

Furthermore , the process of converting names into dealing clients was time-consuming and costly , although it would have been far less economical still if the Department of Trade 's regulations had been properly adhered to .
furthermore , the process of converting names into dealing clients was time-consuming and costly , although it would have been far less economical still if the department of trade 's [rules] had been properly adhered to .

They seem born to the hard sell ethos although new severe regulations against cold-calling and for `` knowing the client `` are forcing changes in their attitude .
they seem born to the hard sell ethos although new severe [rules] against cold-calling and for `` knowing the client `` are forcing changes in their attitude .

This may be in the form of statutory instruments and orders , byelaws , regulations and orders in council .
this may be in the form of statutory instruments and orders , byelaws , [rules] and orders in council .

Some statutory instruments are exempt from this requirement by virtue of the Statutory Instruments Regulations 1947 .
some statutory instruments are exempt from this requirement by virtue of the statutory instruments [rules] 1947 .

This would exclude instruments exempted by the Minister under the 1947 regulations and other types of delegated legislation .
this would exclude instruments exempted by the minister under the 1947 [rules] and other types of delegated legislation .

The Act empowers the Secretary of State to make regulations requiring the tape-recording of interviews and orders have now been made in most regions requiring interviews in the interview room to be recorded .
the act empowers the secretary of state to make [rules] requiring the tape-recording of interviews and orders have now been made in most regions requiring interviews in the interview room to be recorded .

The complaint is examined by a Chief Inspector in accordance with the Police ( Complaints ) informal Resolution Regulations 1985 .
the complaint is examined by a chief inspector in accordance with the police ( complaints ) informal resolution [rules] 1985 .

Section 87 ( 4 ) defines serious injury as including fracture , damage to internal organs , deep cut , impairment of bodily function ; ( b ) any complaint alleging the commission of certain other serious offences as listed in the Police Complaints ( Mandatory Referrals ) Regulations 1985 and including any serious arrestable offence , assault causing actual bodily harm and corruption .
section 87 ( 4 ) defines serious injury as including fracture , damage to internal organs , deep cut , impairment of bodily function ; ( b ) any complaint alleging the commission of certain other serious offences as listed in the police complaints ( mandatory referrals ) [rules] 1985 and including any serious arrestable offence , assault causing actual bodily harm and corruption .

( d ) He has wide powers to make regulations governing all police officers under sections 33 and 37 of the Act .
( d ) he has wide powers to make [rules] governing all police officers under sections 33 and 37 of the act .

The emergency regulations decreed that we should walk two on each side of the road .
the emergency [rules] decreed that we should walk two on each side of the road .

Alternatively , for short journeys , a piece of potato or apple is provided , but remember when sending animals abroad that there may be regulations governing the importation of vegetable matter .
alternatively , for short journeys , a piece of potato or apple is provided , but remember when sending animals abroad that there may be [rules] governing the importation of vegetable matter .

Stock exchange procedures and regulations .
stock exchange procedures and [rules] .

Regulations are laws .
[rules] are laws .

At the time of writing no regulations have been issued under this power .
at the time of writing no [rules] have been issued under this power .

Certain senior officers and all officers paid more than £19,500 per annum ( or such higher amount as regulations may determine ) are now classified as holding ‘ politically restricted posts ’ and are disqualified from becoming a member of any local authority ( Local Government and Housing Act 1989 : clauses 1 and 2 ) .
certain senior officers and all officers paid more than £19,500 per annum ( or such higher amount as [rules] may determine ) are now classified as holding ‘ politically restricted posts ’ and are disqualified from becoming a member of any local authority ( local government and housing act 1989 : clauses 1 and 2 ) .

To prevent any impropriety in the appointment of officers on political grounds , the monitoring officer may , by regulations , be given the power to comment on appointments to politically restricted posts ( Local Government and Housing Act 1989 : Clause 8 ) .
to prevent any impropriety in the appointment of officers on political grounds , the monitoring officer may , by [rules] , be given the power to comment on appointments to politically restricted posts ( local government and housing act 1989 : clause 8 ) .

These proportions may be varied by regulations but they obviously have the overall effect of reducing the total indebtedness of local authorities .
these proportions may be varied by [rules] but they obviously have the overall effect of reducing the total indebtedness of local authorities .

Under the Local Government and Housing Act 1989 ( Section 181 , the Secretary of State by regulations may authorise a local authority to make a scheme providing for the payment of councillors .
under the local government and housing act 1989 ( section 181 , the secretary of state by [rules] may authorise a local authority to make a scheme providing for the payment of councillors .

This group pressure for conformity may often override values imposed from outside : for example , the child may refuse to ‘ tell tales on his or her friends ’ despite demands from the teacher , or soldiers may infringe Queen 's Regulations rather than be disloyal to their comrades in the platoon .
this group pressure for conformity may often override values imposed from outside : for example , the child may refuse to ‘ tell tales on his or her friends ’ despite demands from the teacher , or soldiers may infringe queen 's [rules] rather than be disloyal to their comrades in the platoon .

The penalties for breaking the regulations were severe , including beatings and death .
the penalties for breaking the [rules] were severe , including beatings and death .

Every effort is being made to persuade the Government to alter the present anomalous regulations and , in company with other charities , the Institution still fears that it could lose its existing zero-rating status after European harmonisation in 1992 .
every effort is being made to persuade the government to alter the present anomalous [rules] and , in company with other charities , the institution still fears that it could lose its existing zero-rating status after european harmonisation in 1992 .

When , and if , you took out your mortgage , did you fully understand the choices open to you ? New advertising regulations from the Department of Trade and Industry , at present moving through their consultative stage , are designed to ensure that mortgage lenders make borrowers aware that they have a choice between an endowment or repayment mortgage .
when , and if , you took out your mortgage , did you fully understand the choices open to you ? new advertising [rules] from the department of trade and industry , at present moving through their consultative stage , are designed to ensure that mortgage lenders make borrowers aware that they have a choice between an endowment or repayment mortgage .

Of course , this must not be overplayed : London 's advantages of liberal regulations and a critical mass of services , capital and knowhow , are sizeable carrots .
of course , this must not be overplayed : london 's advantages of liberal [rules] and a critical mass of services , capital and knowhow , are sizeable carrots .

Contemporary criticism of these deplorable urban conditions ( notably Chadwick 's Report of 1842 , see Flinn 1965 ) eventually led , after long delays , to national improvements in sewage and water systems , building regulations , and local government .
contemporary criticism of these deplorable urban conditions ( notably chadwick 's report of 1842 , see flinn 1965 ) eventually led , after long delays , to national improvements in sewage and water systems , building [rules] , and local government .

Young people would start work at any point between the ages of 10 and 14 years , for although the school-leaving age stood at fourteen there were many irregularities in the enforcement of the regulations .
young people would start work at any point between the ages of 10 and 14 years , for although the school-leaving age stood at fourteen there were many irregularities in the enforcement of the [rules] .

The parallel with the tournament or the joust , where the constraints imposed by space and regulations applied , can not be ignored .
the parallel with the tournament or the joust , where the constraints imposed by space and [rules] applied , can not be ignored .

Though the coaches are scheduled to take you all the way to and from your accommodation , on occasion it may be necessary for Cosmos to employ a local coach for part of the way to and from your hotel in order to comply with strict Driver 's Hours regulations imposed to ensure your safety .
though the coaches are scheduled to take you all the way to and from your accommodation , on occasion it may be necessary for cosmos to employ a local coach for part of the way to and from your hotel in order to comply with strict driver 's hours [rules] imposed to ensure your safety .

As regulations frequently change , we recommend that you check with your doctor as to which innoculations are advisable .
as [rules] frequently change , we recommend that you check with your doctor as to which innoculations are advisable .

They are strictly controlled by Health and Safety Regulations and if you are in any doubt about health risks at work , talk to your works doctor or health and safety representative .
they are strictly controlled by health and safety [rules] and if you are in any doubt about health risks at work , talk to your works doctor or health and safety representative .

The changes are being made under the Tobacco Products Labelling ( Safety ) Regulations 1991 , which were laid before Parliament by the Secretary for Health , Mr William Waldegrave , on 11th July .
the changes are being made under the tobacco products labelling ( safety ) [rules] 1991 , which were laid before parliament by the secretary for health , mr william waldegrave , on 11th july .

For example , prescription medicines are not allowed by law to be advertised to the general public [ Medicines ( Labelling and Advertising to the Public ) Regulations 1978 ] .
for example , prescription medicines are not allowed by law to be advertised to the general public [ medicines ( labelling and advertising to the public ) [rules] 1978 ] .

This example illustrates how one branch of government , through a minor change in welfare benefit regulations , has developed a policy in almost total opposition to the policy of community care being pursued by the health and social service agencies .
this example illustrates how one branch of government , through a minor change in welfare benefit [rules] , has developed a policy in almost total opposition to the policy of community care being pursued by the health and social service agencies .

Up to 1980 the supplementary benefit regulations permitted claimants in residential homes who could not be catered for by the local authority an amount sufficient to meet reasonable board and lodging charges in the area .
up to 1980 the supplementary benefit [rules] permitted claimants in residential homes who could not be catered for by the local authority an amount sufficient to meet reasonable board and lodging charges in the area .

The financial incentive created by the changed benefit regulations was obviously important in stimulating private enterprise because the number of elderly residents of private/voluntary homes receiving supplementary benefit increased by 104 per cent from 11,558 ( 1980 ) to 23,577 ( 1983 ) .
the financial incentive created by the changed benefit [rules] was obviously important in stimulating private enterprise because the number of elderly residents of private/voluntary homes receiving supplementary benefit increased by 104 per cent from 11,558 ( 1980 ) to 23,577 ( 1983 ) .

Today we may find his attitude most approachable when it is oblique , as it is in Mr Midshipman Easy , when the sense and reason behind naval rules and regulations are stated through the absurd mistakes , misconceptions and malfeasances of a youth who has been brought up to believe in the ideal of total equality .
today we may find his attitude most approachable when it is oblique , as it is in mr midshipman easy , when the sense and reason behind naval rules and [rules] are stated through the absurd mistakes , misconceptions and malfeasances of a youth who has been brought up to believe in the ideal of total equality .

According to ns.62A ( 1 ) these exceptions are to be specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State .
according to ns.62a ( 1 ) these exceptions are to be specified in [rules] made by the secretary of state .

( 1 ) the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( ’ Exchange Act ’ ) governing trading while in possession of material , nonpublic information are , as required by such Act , necessary and appropriate in the public interest and for the protection of investors .
( 1 ) the rules and [rules] of the securities and exchange commission under the securities exchange act of 1934 ( ’ exchange act ’ ) governing trading while in possession of material , nonpublic information are , as required by such act , necessary and appropriate in the public interest and for the protection of investors .

( f ) Every registered broker or dealer shall establish , maintain , and enforce written policies and procedures reasonably designed , taking into consideration the nature of such broker 's or dealer 's business , to prevent the misuse in violation of this title , or the rules or regulations thereunder , of material , nonpublic information by such broker or dealer or any person associated with such broker or dealer .
( f ) every registered broker or dealer shall establish , maintain , and enforce written policies and procedures reasonably designed , taking into consideration the nature of such broker 's or dealer 's business , to prevent the misuse in violation of this title , or the rules or [rules] thereunder , of material , nonpublic information by such broker or dealer or any person associated with such broker or dealer .

The Commission , as it deems necessary … shall adopt … regulations to require specific policies or procedures reasonably designed to prevent misuse in violation of this title … of material non-public information .
the commission , as it deems necessary … shall adopt … [rules] to require specific policies or procedures reasonably designed to prevent misuse in violation of this title … of material non-public information .

The choice is yours ( airline regulations permitting ) .
the choice is yours ( airline [rules] permitting ) .

The regulations state that to work part time one must be looking after small children or caring for disabled relatives , but there are many more reasons why women would want to work part time .
the [rules] state that to work part time one must be looking after small children or caring for disabled relatives , but there are many more reasons why women would want to work part time .

Few if any members are apprised in any detail about the background of the candidate , rules and regulations about appointment , or — most importantly — the eligibility criteria .
few if any members are apprised in any detail about the background of the candidate , rules and [rules] about appointment , or — most importantly — the eligibility criteria .

Angry telephone calls followed and a strong case made for a review of Japanese regulations .
angry telephone calls followed and a strong case made for a review of japanese [rules] .

Garden steps are not subject to the same regulations as those inside the house , so you have to decide for yourself the proportion of tread depth to rise which suits your site .
garden steps are not subject to the same [rules] as those inside the house , so you have to decide for yourself the proportion of tread depth to rise which suits your site .

So much for the requirements of the Wiring Regulations .
so much for the requirements of the wiring [rules] .

The revised Building Regulations 1991 , which came into force on 1 June this year , contained a new requirement for controlling glazing in all buildings .
the revised building [rules] 1991 , which came into force on 1 june this year , contained a new requirement for controlling glazing in all buildings .

No , television advertising of beer should be stopped because the regulations surrounding it ( do n't show excessive drinking , do n't associate drinking with social or sexual success , do n't even hint that people might enjoy the sensation of being just a little bit , no , do n't even say the word , drunk ) have led to a series of creative executions that wander around aimlessly avoiding the subject of beer altogether , until the very end when they name it , or maybe not .
no , television advertising of beer should be stopped because the [rules] surrounding it ( do n't show excessive drinking , do n't associate drinking with social or sexual success , do n't even hint that people might enjoy the sensation of being just a little bit , no , do n't even say the word , drunk ) have led to a series of creative executions that wander around aimlessly avoiding the subject of beer altogether , until the very end when they name it , or maybe not .

It was always intended that single men would have their pension rights protected while at home looking after children or dependent relatives , but it was not until the regulations were published in January 1978 that it was clear that married men would be included .
it was always intended that single men would have their pension rights protected while at home looking after children or dependent relatives , but it was not until the [rules] were published in january 1978 that it was clear that married men would be included .

The fact that the housing market is divided into different tenure categories which are governed by different laws and customs means that , when changes in the structure of the housing market occur , and particular tenure categories expand and contract , so the number of people affected by the rules and regulations governing access to and maintenance of rights in particular tenure categories will also expand and contract .
the fact that the housing market is divided into different tenure categories which are governed by different laws and customs means that , when changes in the structure of the housing market occur , and particular tenure categories expand and contract , so the number of people affected by the rules and [rules] governing access to and maintenance of rights in particular tenure categories will also expand and contract .

Pre-school child care , for example , when socialised and undertaken by registered childminders or in nurseries and creches , is subject to stringent regulations .
pre-school child care , for example , when socialised and undertaken by registered childminders or in nurseries and creches , is subject to stringent [rules] .

Civilization 's other important component , in addition to the technical means for controlling nature , is the corpus of regulations which exist for adjusting the relations between men .
civilization 's other important component , in addition to the technical means for controlling nature , is the corpus of [rules] which exist for adjusting the relations between men .

Useful information is also given about porters , guides , costs and local regulations in the national parks in which both mountains are situated .
useful information is also given about porters , guides , costs and local [rules] in the national parks in which both mountains are situated .

He seemed to lay down rules and regulations .
he seemed to lay down rules and [rules] .

Shell argues that rather than introducing new requirements of dubious value , governments should enforce existing regulations to force sub-standard ships out of business .
shell argues that rather than introducing new requirements of dubious value , governments should enforce existing [rules] to force sub-standard ships out of business .

There are no criteria specifying the minimum conditions of existence supposed to be covered by unemployment benefit , but parliamentary regulations define the basic resources of daily life to which people on supplementary benefit should be entitled :
there are no criteria specifying the minimum conditions of existence supposed to be covered by unemployment benefit , but parliamentary [rules] define the basic resources of daily life to which people on supplementary benefit should be entitled :

This means that although the supplementary benefit regulations say that claimants are entitled to shelter and warmth , their benefits rarely measure up to it .
this means that although the supplementary benefit [rules] say that claimants are entitled to shelter and warmth , their benefits rarely measure up to it .

Despite the entitlements spelled out in the supplementary benefit regulations , many of them are subject to discretion . ``
despite the entitlements spelled out in the supplementary benefit [rules] , many of them are subject to discretion . ``

Responsible `` men are men with responsibilities , homes , children and wives , and that moral code is written into social security regulations to enforce responsibility for women and children as the economic essence of masculinity .
responsible `` men are men with responsibilities , homes , children and wives , and that moral code is written into social security [rules] to enforce responsibility for women and children as the economic essence of masculinity .

In certain combinations , concrete , cold and water form a fatal triangle rendering thousands of dwellings unfit for human habitation according to postwar regulations .
in certain combinations , concrete , cold and water form a fatal triangle rendering thousands of dwellings unfit for human habitation according to postwar [rules] .

Both disrupt the rules and regulations of respectability , which was about nothing if it was not about controlling the social status of women .
both disrupt the rules and [rules] of respectability , which was about nothing if it was not about controlling the social status of women .

‘ Government regulations make it extremely difficult to move it by road , ’ said Allister Anderson , of Nuclear Services at Peel Park , who became involved at this stage .
‘ government [rules] make it extremely difficult to move it by road , ’ said allister anderson , of nuclear services at peel park , who became involved at this stage .

Services Information leaflets covering copyright regulations and the supply of copies , and Crown Copyright were issued , together with revised versions of leaflets describing the Union Catalogue of Art Books in Libraries in Scotland and Bibliography of Scotland .
services information leaflets covering copyright [rules] and the supply of copies , and crown copyright were issued , together with revised versions of leaflets describing the union catalogue of art books in libraries in scotland and bibliography of scotland .

Parliament have passed new regulations stipulating that every commercial premise every hospital , every surgery will have a duty of care as to where waste material generated by their premises is finally disposed of .
parliament have passed new [rules] stipulating that every commercial premise every hospital , every surgery will have a duty of care as to where waste material generated by their premises is finally disposed of .

Essential language skills for tourists and business people : asking questions and understanding the replies , checking and extracting information , reading brochures , regulations and instructions .
essential language skills for tourists and business people : asking questions and understanding the replies , checking and extracting information , reading brochures , [rules] and instructions .

Not a language-teaching text , but useful as a source of authentic reading material covering technical terms and regulations associated with various import-export operations , eg methods of payment , inspection , records , cargoes , insurance .
not a language-teaching text , but useful as a source of authentic reading material covering technical terms and [rules] associated with various import-export operations , eg methods of payment , inspection , records , cargoes , insurance .

The regulations about the equipment that may be used in Typewriting examinations have been amended , as follows :
the [rules] about the equipment that may be used in typewriting examinations have been amended , as follows :

Information that was previously printed in the annual booklet of regulations , syllabuses and timetables has been split into a number of sections for 1993 . Publications for 1993 are available as follows :
information that was previously printed in the annual booklet of [rules] , syllabuses and timetables has been split into a number of sections for 1993 . publications for 1993 are available as follows :

Information that was previously printed in the annual booklet of regulations , syllabuses and timetables has been split into a number of sections for 1993 . Publications for 1993 are available as follows :
information that was previously printed in the annual booklet of [rules] , syllabuses and timetables has been split into a number of sections for 1993 . publications for 1993 are available as follows :

Robin has learned the rules and regulations and flag signals and during races is in constant radio touch with the control tower .
robin has learned the rules and [rules] and flag signals and during races is in constant radio touch with the control tower .

In October Rentokil acquired Rowland Compliance Testing Limited , a Colchester-based company specialising in carrying out regular testing of portable electrical appliances and building circuits which facilitates compliance for employers with the Electricity at Work Regulations 1989 .
in october rentokil acquired rowland compliance testing limited , a colchester-based company specialising in carrying out regular testing of portable electrical appliances and building circuits which facilitates compliance for employers with the electricity at work [rules] 1989 .

anticipate areas of future concern to enable the Company to decide how it will comply with any regulations well in advance .
anticipate areas of future concern to enable the company to decide how it will comply with any [rules] well in advance .

monitor compliance with existing regulations to ensure consistency of application across the Group and to confirm that compliance is taking place .
monitor compliance with existing [rules] to ensure consistency of application across the group and to confirm that compliance is taking place .

Contractors Contractors must abide by all relevant Company rules and statutory regulations concerning environmental issues so as to comply with our environmental policy objectives .
contractors contractors must abide by all relevant company rules and statutory [rules] concerning environmental issues so as to comply with our environmental policy objectives .

where the foundations of a property have not been constructed to a level required by regulations applying at the time of construction .
where the foundations of a property have not been constructed to a level required by [rules] applying at the time of construction .

If , following destruction or damage insured under the policy , additional works are required to comply with building and government regulations and/or local by-laws , then the cost of the additional works will be covered under the policy , unless :
if , following destruction or damage insured under the policy , additional works are required to comply with building and government [rules] and/or local by-laws , then the cost of the additional works will be covered under the policy , unless :

Furthermore , the 1988 Waste Collection and Disposal Regulations clearly state that all clinical waste has to be segregated and disposed of separately .
furthermore , the 1988 waste collection and disposal [rules] clearly state that all clinical waste has to be segregated and disposed of separately .

Obviously the effectiveness of these proposals depends on how the government chooses to enforce the regulations .
obviously the effectiveness of these proposals depends on how the government chooses to enforce the [rules] .

And certain industrial processes , which relied on electrical machines had to be carried out at night when the supply was available , but in darkness to comply with blackout regulations .
and certain industrial processes , which relied on electrical machines had to be carried out at night when the supply was available , but in darkness to comply with blackout [rules] .

The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors has recently revised its member 's accounts regulations and accountant 's report regulations .
the royal institution of chartered surveyors has recently revised its member 's accounts [rules] and accountant 's report [rules] .

Many of the amendments have been introduced to clarify the meaning of the regulations and do not change their scope .
many of the amendments have been introduced to clarify the meaning of the [rules] and do not change their scope .

Significant amendments to the accountant 's reports regulations include the following :
significant amendments to the accountant 's reports [rules] include the following :

The Society nevertheless contested at every stage the introduction of regulations restricting eligibility for legal aid , believing the results can only deny legitimate access to justice for many people .
the society nevertheless contested at every stage the introduction of [rules] restricting eligibility for legal aid , believing the results can only deny legitimate access to justice for many people .

In the face of vigorous protestation from the President and the Council that this was an unfair and flawed scheme of remuneration , which would lower quality and create mistrust between solicitor and client , and following unsuccessful judicial review proceedings on behalf of the profession , the regulations were set to become law in June .
in the face of vigorous protestation from the president and the council that this was an unfair and flawed scheme of remuneration , which would lower quality and create mistrust between solicitor and client , and following unsuccessful judicial review proceedings on behalf of the profession , the [rules] were set to become law in june .

At the time of writing , two major developments in the European incentives ' field are still under discussion — the negotiation of the next ( Fourth ) Framework Programme for research and development , and the outcome of the reform of the Structural Fund Regulations ( which govern the operation of the European Regional Development Fund , the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund and the European Social Fund ) .
at the time of writing , two major developments in the european incentives ' field are still under discussion — the negotiation of the next ( fourth ) framework programme for research and development , and the outcome of the reform of the structural fund [rules] ( which govern the operation of the european regional development fund , the european agricultural guidance and guarantee fund and the european social fund ) .

The Government feels that the disclosure regulations , which came into force in October 1991 , place too onerous a task on auditing firms and clients in monitoring payments to associates which at the same time are unlikely to impair the independence and integrity of the audit .
the government feels that the disclosure [rules] , which came into force in october 1991 , place too onerous a task on auditing firms and clients in monitoring payments to associates which at the same time are unlikely to impair the independence and integrity of the audit .

An announcement concerning changes to the Food Hygiene ( Amendment ) Regulations was received after thee April issue of Hospitality had gone to press and consequently the information on temperature in our Refrigeration feature was , unfortunately , incorrect .
an announcement concerning changes to the food hygiene ( amendment ) [rules] was received after thee april issue of hospitality had gone to press and consequently the information on temperature in our refrigeration feature was , unfortunately , incorrect .

‘ Burdens ’ review of safety regulations
‘ burdens ’ review of safety [rules]

The review continues that work but we shall go back over the ground to make sure that the newer regulations we have introduced include as little red tape as possible , ’ said .
the review continues that work but we shall go back over the ground to make sure that the newer [rules] we have introduced include as little red tape as possible , ’ said .

Changes to guidance notes are needed to accommodate the Money Laundering Directive currently being implemented through the Criminal Justice Bill and supplementary European Community regulations .
changes to guidance notes are needed to accommodate the money laundering directive currently being implemented through the criminal justice bill and supplementary european community [rules] .

The bill is expected to received royal assent in July , the regulations to come into force early 1994 .
the bill is expected to received royal assent in july , the [rules] to come into force early 1994 .

The new regulations will leave some areas for the guidance notes to clarify , such as references to ‘ normal market practice ’ .
the new [rules] will leave some areas for the guidance notes to clarify , such as references to ‘ normal market practice ’ .

The notes will also give a practical interpretation of the regulations and codify best practice , as well as be more prescriptive to clarify what have already proved in practice to be grey areas .
the notes will also give a practical interpretation of the [rules] and codify best practice , as well as be more prescriptive to clarify what have already proved in practice to be grey areas .

The steering group , under the chairmanship of of the Bank of England , is considering how the regulations ' statutory requirement on employers to train relevant staff will be met and will oversee production of centralised training packages .
the steering group , under the chairmanship of of the bank of england , is considering how the [rules] ' statutory requirement on employers to train relevant staff will be met and will oversee production of centralised training packages .

New workplace regulations launched
new workplace [rules] launched

Although the definitive Regulations have still to be introduced , the Government 's long awaited Statement — issued in December — concerning the training requirements of the Food Safety Act 1990 , has at least partly cleared the air .
although the definitive [rules] have still to be introduced , the government 's long awaited statement — issued in december — concerning the training requirements of the food safety act 1990 , has at least partly cleared the air .

The idea behind the Package Travel , Package Holiday and Package Tours Regulations 1992 is good — it is to protect holiday-makers who book a packaged holiday .
the idea behind the package travel , package holiday and package tours [rules] 1992 is good — it is to protect holiday-makers who book a packaged holiday .

But first , let's look at the main points from the regulations :
but first , let's look at the main points from the [rules] :

The regulations define a package as any combination of at least two out of the following three elements :
the [rules] define a package as any combination of at least two out of the following three elements :

The other spin-off effect of the new law arises from the fact that under these regulations the organiser becomes responsible to the customer for all the component parts of the package .
the other spin-off effect of the new law arises from the fact that under these [rules] the organiser becomes responsible to the customer for all the component parts of the package .

As a result of these regulations , you will be able to hold the package holiday organiser for any shortcomings in the facilities and standards of the foreign hotel .
as a result of these [rules] , you will be able to hold the package holiday organiser for any shortcomings in the facilities and standards of the foreign hotel .

This all happened before the food temperature regulations were introduced , but Mr Prior is proud to boast that in his view the kitchens go far beyond anything required by law .
this all happened before the food temperature [rules] were introduced , but mr prior is proud to boast that in his view the kitchens go far beyond anything required by law .

‘ If they re-write the regulations in 10 years ’ time , they 'll come up with our kitchen , ’ he says .
‘ if they re-write the [rules] in 10 years ’ time , they 'll come up with our kitchen , ’ he says .

Colin Campbell is to check whether all doors have locks and the effect of fire regulations on these .
colin campbell is to check whether all doors have locks and the effect of fire [rules] on these .

However Transitional Reduction is calculated on a Scheme Council Tax in accordance with the Government Regulations and not in accordance with the actual Council Tax levied by the Region and District Councils , in addition water charges are excluded from both years .
however transitional reduction is calculated on a scheme council tax in accordance with the government [rules] and not in accordance with the actual council tax levied by the region and district councils , in addition water charges are excluded from both years .

‘ The Management Regulations are an important addition to general health and safety law .
‘ the management [rules] are an important addition to general health and safety law .

‘ Some employers already do what is required by these new Regulations , others do not .
‘ some employers already do what is required by these new [rules] , others do not .

It will now be more difficult for anyone to claim that they misunderstood the law , as the Management Regulations — in giving more detail — make much clearer what is required .
it will now be more difficult for anyone to claim that they misunderstood the law , as the management [rules] — in giving more detail — make much clearer what is required .

These Regulations are designed to ensure that employers introduce arrangements for effective management of health and safety in which employees and safety representatives will have to play their part .
these [rules] are designed to ensure that employers introduce arrangements for effective management of health and safety in which employees and safety representatives will have to play their part .

‘ Although the Regulations apply to all employers , the actions required will vary enormously since essentially the level of response is determined by the risk presented by the employer 's work .
‘ although the [rules] apply to all employers , the actions required will vary enormously since essentially the level of response is determined by the risk presented by the employer 's work .

The main requirements of the Management Regulations are for employers to :
the main requirements of the management [rules] are for employers to :

Student performance will be judged on the basis of degree examination results , thesis and continuous assessment , following current University regulations .
student performance will be judged on the basis of degree examination results , thesis and continuous assessment , following current university [rules] .

Nisodemus 's mouth opened and shut for a while . Then he said , ‘ But they obeyed the Regulations ! Yes ! Um ! That 's what they did ! And things were better then ! ’
nisodemus 's mouth opened and shut for a while . then he said , ‘ but they obeyed the [rules] ! yes ! um ! that 's what they did ! and things were better then ! ’

Although — most fortunately — not everybody who feels the need to assert themselves against rules becomes a mass-murderer , there is undoubtedly today a widespread feeling that all rules and regulations are onerous and provocative .
although — most fortunately — not everybody who feels the need to assert themselves against rules becomes a mass-murderer , there is undoubtedly today a widespread feeling that all rules and [rules] are onerous and provocative .

It is important that every student makes a written application for an award to cover fees to the appropriate education authority within the period specified in the Awards Regulations .
it is important that every student makes a written application for an award to cover fees to the appropriate education authority within the period specified in the awards [rules] .

The picture of studying law as a wearisome task in which lots of dull rules and regulations have to be memorised is a distorted one .
the picture of studying law as a wearisome task in which lots of dull rules and [rules] have to be memorised is a distorted one .

It 's against regulations .
it 's against [rules] .

The Immigration people were being very nice about it , but with the stringent new visa regulations for Indians and Tamils they could not let a couple of whites in without ceremony .
the immigration people were being very nice about it , but with the stringent new visa [rules] for indians and tamils they could not let a couple of whites in without ceremony .

That is to say , compliance with the policy guidelines is maintained largely by the peak organizations of labour and capital , not by state controls and regulations .
that is to say , compliance with the policy guidelines is maintained largely by the peak organizations of labour and capital , not by state controls and [rules] .

Discretion has to be built into laws and regulations .
discretion has to be built into laws and [rules] .

Bureaus can also be expected to administer ‘ a corpus of law and regulations that de fines barriers between itself and the sector of industry that it regulates ’ .
bureaus can also be expected to administer ‘ a corpus of law and [rules] that de fines barriers between itself and the sector of industry that it regulates ’ .

Conflicts between individual and organizational goals , made manifest in the discretion delegated to many categories of public officials in the interpretation of regulations and statutes , may be exacerbated by the fact that large organizations may have multiple objectives leading to goal conflict .
conflicts between individual and organizational goals , made manifest in the discretion delegated to many categories of public officials in the interpretation of [rules] and statutes , may be exacerbated by the fact that large organizations may have multiple objectives leading to goal conflict .

Whatever the case , it is not only governments in the Middle East that appear to be more pragmatic now than in the recent past and although anti-TNC rhetoric is still common for public consumption , the line is substantially moderated in regulations for and negotiations with the TNCs .
whatever the case , it is not only governments in the middle east that appear to be more pragmatic now than in the recent past and although anti-tnc rhetoric is still common for public consumption , the line is substantially moderated in [rules] for and negotiations with the tncs .

The company imposed regulations on its members , but individuals still traded on their own account .
the company imposed [rules] on its members , but individuals still traded on their own account .

The reasons for this are largely practical relating to Tax regulations rather than the underlying theoretical debate about the way in which by adjusting the owners salary the performance measure can be manipulated .
the reasons for this are largely practical relating to tax [rules] rather than the underlying theoretical debate about the way in which by adjusting the owners salary the performance measure can be manipulated .

Fears about geriatric jets falling apart or out of the skies and stricter noise regulations force airlines to order replacements .
fears about geriatric jets falling apart or out of the skies and stricter noise [rules] force airlines to order replacements .

He is held personally responsible for complying with the many rules and regulations that govern its use .
he is held personally responsible for complying with the many rules and [rules] that govern its use .

Before making a grant application , up-to-date information on the latest regulations , eligibility and procedures should be obtained .
before making a grant application , up-to-date information on the latest [rules] , eligibility and procedures should be obtained .

The Schengen agreement provided for the harmonization of visa regulations for third countries , the exchange of information on criminals and the establishment of common criteria for granting political asylum .
the schengen agreement provided for the harmonization of visa [rules] for third countries , the exchange of information on criminals and the establishment of common criteria for granting political asylum .

Exempted from the new regulations were people who had held citizenship of the pre-1940 independent Estonia and their descendants .
exempted from the new [rules] were people who had held citizenship of the pre-1940 independent estonia and their descendants .

The new regulations allowed for an initial warning to groups and individuals by the Minister of Home Affairs which , if unheeded , would be followed by heavy fines and terms of imprisonment .
the new [rules] allowed for an initial warning to groups and individuals by the minister of home affairs which , if unheeded , would be followed by heavy fines and terms of imprisonment .

As an alternative ¾″ thick chipboard can be used where regulations allow but fixings into this will not be as secure as into plywood .
as an alternative ¾″ thick chipboard can be used where [rules] allow but fixings into this will not be as secure as into plywood .

Prime Minister Bird acknowledged that there had been `` irregularities and breaches of our customs regulations in handling the arms `` .
prime minister bird acknowledged that there had been `` irregularities and breaches of our customs [rules] in handling the arms `` .

( The Executive Committee and the Supreme Council for the Defence of the Homeland had both been formed in February 1989 to act as a central leadership under the country 's emergency regulations — see pp .
( the executive committee and the supreme council for the defence of the homeland had both been formed in february 1989 to act as a central leadership under the country 's emergency [rules] — see pp .

Other regulations were also relaxed , but it was still envisaged that the state would retain 51 per cent participation in publicly controlled banks ( accounting for an estimated 80 per cent of the sector ) .
other [rules] were also relaxed , but it was still envisaged that the state would retain 51 per cent participation in publicly controlled banks ( accounting for an estimated 80 per cent of the sector ) .

The Central Bank liberalized its foreign exchange regulations on Feb. 1 , 1990 , eliminating the system which required all transactions to go through the bank and to take place at a fixed daily rate .
the central bank liberalized its foreign exchange [rules] on feb. 1 , 1990 , eliminating the system which required all transactions to go through the bank and to take place at a fixed daily rate .

Gorbachev 's March 21 decree also ordered reinforcement of the Soviet border in Lithuania and tightening of entry visa regulations .
gorbachev 's march 21 decree also ordered reinforcement of the soviet border in lithuania and tightening of entry visa [rules] .

Outlawing of nationalist extremists — State of emergency regulations
outlawing of nationalist extremists — state of emergency [rules]

Canadian regulations requiring salmon and herring to be landed and processed in Canada as a means of conserving and managing fishing grounds were found on Oct. 16 , 1989 , to be a restriction on free trade .
canadian [rules] requiring salmon and herring to be landed and processed in canada as a means of conserving and managing fishing grounds were found on oct. 16 , 1989 , to be a restriction on free trade .

On July 3 the Ministry published for discussion drafts of new armed forces regulations , which it said would reinforce the legal protection of the individual .
on july 3 the ministry published for discussion drafts of new armed forces [rules] , which it said would reinforce the legal protection of the individual .

On the same day it was reported that efforts to impose the state of emergency regulations were being hampered by mass civil disobedience , with demonstrations and road blocks slowing the movement of the newly arrived military units from airfields at Yevlakh and Gendzhe ( Azerbaijan 's second largest city , formerly Kirovabad ; it had been given back its pre-Soviet name on Dec. 30 ) .
on the same day it was reported that efforts to impose the state of emergency [rules] were being hampered by mass civil disobedience , with demonstrations and road blocks slowing the movement of the newly arrived military units from airfields at yevlakh and gendzhe ( azerbaijan 's second largest city , formerly kirovabad ; it had been given back its pre-soviet name on dec. 30 ) .

The European Convention on Transfrontier Television covered programme standards , advertising and sponsorship , and included regulations to protect audiences from the broadcasting of pornography , excessive violence and programmes inciting racial or religious hatred .
the european convention on transfrontier television covered programme standards , advertising and sponsorship , and included [rules] to protect audiences from the broadcasting of pornography , excessive violence and programmes inciting racial or religious hatred .

Laws approving the formation of new political parties and outlining new electoral regulations were passed by the National Assembly in July 1989 ( see p. 36834 ) .
laws approving the formation of new political parties and outlining new electoral [rules] were passed by the national assembly in july 1989 ( see p. 36834 ) .

The chairman-designate , Uwe Kuntze , of a West German company alleged to have been involved in the manufacture of a chemical weapons plant in Rabta , Libya , admitted that the firm , Imhausen-Chemie , had appeared `` not to have respected regulations ' during the affair but protested that the company had not acted `` intentionally or maliciously `` .
the chairman-designate , uwe kuntze , of a west german company alleged to have been involved in the manufacture of a chemical weapons plant in rabta , libya , admitted that the firm , imhausen-chemie , had appeared `` not to have respected [rules] ' during the affair but protested that the company had not acted `` intentionally or maliciously `` .

The regulations , introduced by Law and Order Minister Adriaan Vlok , gave the police and other security forces wide powers of arrest and detention , but did not restrict the news-gathering activities of the press .
the [rules] , introduced by law and order minister adriaan vlok , gave the police and other security forces wide powers of arrest and detention , but did not restrict the news-gathering activities of the press .

Special regulations governing the ownership of land and buildings in East Germany , especially for new investors , came into force .
special [rules] governing the ownership of land and buildings in east germany , especially for new investors , came into force .

In contrast to existing laws on co-operatives , the resolution stipulated that a licence application to set up a business must be answered by the local council within 14 days , and could be refused only if the proposed business activity contravened regulations ( sectors closed to small businesses included sale or production of medicines , weapons , precious metals and stones , and pornography ) .
in contrast to existing laws on co-operatives , the resolution stipulated that a licence application to set up a business must be answered by the local council within 14 days , and could be refused only if the proposed business activity contravened [rules] ( sectors closed to small businesses included sale or production of medicines , weapons , precious metals and stones , and pornography ) .

Many of these were accepted during compromise negotiations , resulting in tighter regulations than originally proposed .
many of these were accepted during compromise negotiations , resulting in tighter [rules] than originally proposed .

In a referendum on April 1 , 1990 , in which participation was 40.5 per cent nationally , the electorate rejected six proposals , four designed to halt various road-building projects ( rejected by between 71.5 and 66 per cent ) , one concerning changes in the organization of the judiciary ( rejected by 52.6 per cent ) and one on new wine industry regulations ( rejected by 53.3 per cent ) .
in a referendum on april 1 , 1990 , in which participation was 40.5 per cent nationally , the electorate rejected six proposals , four designed to halt various road-building projects ( rejected by between 71.5 and 66 per cent ) , one concerning changes in the organization of the judiciary ( rejected by 52.6 per cent ) and one on new wine industry [rules] ( rejected by 53.3 per cent ) .

The Financial Times of Sept. 7 observed that the decree `` amounts to a belated admission by the Soviet authorities of the sorry state of discipline in the military , with widespread tales of racial discrimination , bullying , gang warfare , and chronic disregard for safety regulations in soldiers ' training `` .
the financial times of sept. 7 observed that the decree `` amounts to a belated admission by the soviet authorities of the sorry state of discipline in the military , with widespread tales of racial discrimination , bullying , gang warfare , and chronic disregard for safety [rules] in soldiers ' training `` .

Whereas previously people wanting to travel abroad had had to overcome a range of bureaucratic and political obstacles , the new regulations only required citizens to present their passports .
whereas previously people wanting to travel abroad had had to overcome a range of bureaucratic and political obstacles , the new [rules] only required citizens to present their passports .

Exchange regulations were relaxed at the same time to allow people to acquire foreign currency .
exchange [rules] were relaxed at the same time to allow people to acquire foreign currency .

In September regulations on hard-currency accounts were changed to allow Hungarians to deposit hard currencies in their private accounts without having to declare the source of the money .
in september [rules] on hard-currency accounts were changed to allow hungarians to deposit hard currencies in their private accounts without having to declare the source of the money .

As part of the government 's programme of limited reforms , the Presidium of the People 's Assembly on June 12 , 1990 , approved a decree relaxing the regulations for granting passports and entry visas for foreign nationals .
as part of the government 's programme of limited reforms , the presidium of the people 's assembly on june 12 , 1990 , approved a decree relaxing the [rules] for granting passports and entry visas for foreign nationals .

On Feb. 16 , 1990 , it was reported that the Council of Ministers had earlier in the month made moves to abolish martial law regulations enacted originally during the 1958-61 period of Syrian-Egyptian unity [ see pp .
on feb. 16 , 1990 , it was reported that the council of ministers had earlier in the month made moves to abolish martial law [rules] enacted originally during the 1958-61 period of syrian-egyptian unity [ see pp .

He praised the achievements of the revolution but said that shortcomings did exist , as in the application of the emergency regulations , and that although Syria was still in a state of war with Israel , the government should consider restricting the use of the law to matters of state security and public order .
he praised the achievements of the revolution but said that shortcomings did exist , as in the application of the emergency [rules] , and that although syria was still in a state of war with israel , the government should consider restricting the use of the law to matters of state security and public order .

To combat this the regulations stipulated that compensation would be paid in full to landowners , including any lost profit , should their land be taken away from them .
to combat this the [rules] stipulated that compensation would be paid in full to landowners , including any lost profit , should their land be taken away from them .

Regulations on payment would come into effect on Jan. 1 , 1991 , while the rest of the regulations were valid from March 15 , 1990 .
[rules] on payment would come into effect on jan. 1 , 1991 , while the rest of the [rules] were valid from march 15 , 1990 .

Following the lifting of martial law and its reporting restrictions on Jan. 11 , 1990 , new regulations for foreign journalists were brought into effect on Jan. 19 .
following the lifting of martial law and its reporting restrictions on jan. 11 , 1990 , new [rules] for foreign journalists were brought into effect on jan. 19 .

The regulations placed the Foreign Ministry in charge of foreign news affairs and stated that journalists `` shall not distort facts , fabricate rumours or resort to inappropriate means `` in their reporting .
the [rules] placed the foreign ministry in charge of foreign news affairs and stated that journalists `` shall not distort facts , fabricate rumours or resort to inappropriate means `` in their reporting .

Promulgation of standardizing regulations — Announcement of new trade laws
promulgation of standardizing [rules] — announcement of new trade laws

On Aug. 4 , 1989 , the government announced details of the registration regulations for Lao enterprises , the objectives of which , it stated , were to direct the business sectors along `` party and state lines `` .
on aug. 4 , 1989 , the government announced details of the registration [rules] for lao enterprises , the objectives of which , it stated , were to direct the business sectors along `` party and state lines `` .

Economists noted that the regulations were part of a broad-based plan to standardize commercial practices in the country .
economists noted that the [rules] were part of a broad-based plan to standardize commercial practices in the country .

First came the development of the eurodollar market in London , driven by the wish to avoid domestic banking regulations in the United States .
first came the development of the eurodollar market in london , driven by the wish to avoid domestic banking [rules] in the united states .

ability to issue bearer eurobonds that effectively pay interest gross and absence of turnover taxes — a particular handicap for the Swiss ) ; a supply of suitable premises ; the absence , since 1979 , of exchange controls ( although initially exchange controls were seen as an advantage , since eurobonds did not interfere with onshore sterling markets ) ; prudential and monetary regulations that have not historically tended significantly to raise the cost of funds , distort or prevent competition among domestic or international intermediaries ; English law ( widely accepted as a basis for international financial business ) ; the English language ; and political stability .
ability to issue bearer eurobonds that effectively pay interest gross and absence of turnover taxes — a particular handicap for the swiss ) ; a supply of suitable premises ; the absence , since 1979 , of exchange controls ( although initially exchange controls were seen as an advantage , since eurobonds did not interfere with onshore sterling markets ) ; prudential and monetary [rules] that have not historically tended significantly to raise the cost of funds , distort or prevent competition among domestic or international intermediaries ; english law ( widely accepted as a basis for international financial business ) ; the english language ; and political stability .

There has also been a degree of confidence among eurobond firms that regulations will not be altered without good reason and appropriate consultation .
there has also been a degree of confidence among eurobond firms that [rules] will not be altered without good reason and appropriate consultation .

In addition , there are no regulatory restraints against entry to the market , and until recently there were no regulations for dedicated specific capital or prudential controls on players ' activities , except ( in the case of universal banks ) to the extent that banking supervision of a company impinged on a eurobond operation .
in addition , there are no regulatory restraints against entry to the market , and until recently there were no [rules] for dedicated specific capital or prudential controls on players ' activities , except ( in the case of universal banks ) to the extent that banking supervision of a company impinged on a eurobond operation .

Lack of regulations is clearly an important permissive factor .
lack of [rules] is clearly an important permissive factor .

In 1651 the Dutch republic forbade its diplomats to accept gifts from foreign governments ; and in 1692 regulations were issued in Sweden which for the first time specified the value of those to be given to foreign representatives on their departure .
in 1651 the dutch republic forbade its diplomats to accept gifts from foreign governments ; and in 1692 [rules] were issued in sweden which for the first time specified the value of those to be given to foreign representatives on their departure .

D'Hauterive died only three months after the new regulations were introduced .
d'hauterive died only three months after the new [rules] were introduced .

Likewise within any one human society , there are always very complex regulations , partly explicit , partly implicit , about the precise circumstances in which a sexual relationship between two individuals is to be deemed proper or improper , and this again serves to distinguish social categories : close relatives from distant relatives , wives from sisters , lords from commoners .
likewise within any one human society , there are always very complex [rules] , partly explicit , partly implicit , about the precise circumstances in which a sexual relationship between two individuals is to be deemed proper or improper , and this again serves to distinguish social categories : close relatives from distant relatives , wives from sisters , lords from commoners .

Informing the auditors : It is a requirement of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales , under whose regulations and guidance we act , that we should notify a client 's incumbent auditors or accountants of the scope of our appointment in order that they may assess whether the appointment has a bearing on their own continuing responsibilities .
informing the auditors : it is a requirement of the institute of chartered accountants in england and wales , under whose [rules] and guidance we act , that we should notify a client 's incumbent auditors or accountants of the scope of our appointment in order that they may assess whether the appointment has a bearing on their own continuing responsibilities .

Unsolicited calls regulations ( or ‘ cold calling ’ regulations )
unsolicited calls [rules] ( or ‘ cold calling ’ [rules] )

0407.3 Unsolicited calls regulations ( or ‘ cold-calling ’ regulations )
0407.3 unsolicited calls [rules] ( or ‘ cold-calling ’ [rules] )

Provision for the effects of transfers of employees and liabilities in respect of them under the Transfer of Undertakings ( Protection of Employment ) Regulations 1981 and transfers of pension rights .
provision for the effects of transfers of employees and liabilities in respect of them under the transfer of undertakings ( protection of employment ) [rules] 1981 and transfers of pension rights .

The key issues covered by the regulations are summarised as follows :
the key issues covered by the [rules] are summarised as follows :

Lead adviser roles are likely to be governed by more extensive regulations than for non public deal management roles . The following , inter alia , need be considered :
lead adviser roles are likely to be governed by more extensive [rules] than for non public deal management roles . the following , inter alia , need be considered :

As far as possible and at least as regards all legal aspects , the lawyers should be clearly responsible for compliance with these regulations .
as far as possible and at least as regards all legal aspects , the lawyers should be clearly responsible for compliance with these [rules] .

a summary of the mechanisms of the transaction and the regulations under which it is being undertaken ; and
a summary of the mechanisms of the transaction and the [rules] under which it is being undertaken ; and

In addition , multi-national securities offerings and cross-border acquisitions will be affected by the regulations of the territories involved .
in addition , multi-national securities offerings and cross-border acquisitions will be affected by the [rules] of the territories involved .

It is the prime duty of the directors to check that they have complied with the law and that any investment advertisement issued by them on behalf of their company complies with , and contains the matters specified by , the law and by Stock Exchange and other regulations .
it is the prime duty of the directors to check that they have complied with the law and that any investment advertisement issued by them on behalf of their company complies with , and contains the matters specified by , the law and by stock exchange and other [rules] .

We can confirm that we are satisfied ( as we are required to be under the regulations ) that Growing Business plc may properly be regarded as , using the technical term introduced by the regulations , a ‘ corporate finance client ’ .
we can confirm that we are satisfied ( as we are required to be under the [rules] ) that growing business plc may properly be regarded as , using the technical term introduced by the [rules] , a ‘ corporate finance client ’ .

The purpose of this project is to consider the application of the 1974 Health and Safety at Work Act , and the 1978 Safety Representatives and Safety Committee Regulations .
the purpose of this project is to consider the application of the 1974 health and safety at work act , and the 1978 safety representatives and safety committee [rules] .

Publications have included a detailed account of the effects of the 1974 Act and associated regulations , as well as to make recommendations on how health and safety standards might be improved .
publications have included a detailed account of the effects of the 1974 act and associated [rules] , as well as to make recommendations on how health and safety standards might be improved .

a standardised questionnaire sent to a wider ( more representative ) sample of accountants and others interested in the development , application , enforcement and impact of accounting regulations ;
a standardised questionnaire sent to a wider ( more representative ) sample of accountants and others interested in the development , application , enforcement and impact of accounting [rules] ;

The research aims to ascertain whether or not there is general satisfaction with existing legal forms among small businesses , and whether there are any aspects of the regulations which give particular rise to concern .
the research aims to ascertain whether or not there is general satisfaction with existing legal forms among small businesses , and whether there are any aspects of the [rules] which give particular rise to concern .

In other countries , such as France , where central government has more extensive authority over teachers , the opposite assumption tends to be made that teachers will conform to national policies and regulations in their practice .
in other countries , such as france , where central government has more extensive authority over teachers , the opposite assumption tends to be made that teachers will conform to national policies and [rules] in their practice .

The privately-owned Belfast City Airport — Ulster 's second major air-base — will also be affected by changes including the introduction of new regulations on charges to ensure fair competition .
the privately-owned belfast city airport — ulster 's second major air-base — will also be affected by changes including the introduction of new [rules] on charges to ensure fair competition .

Nationality Regulations
nationality [rules]

The exemption of gifts and bequests between spouses is certainly to be welcomed , and the amended regulations which provide reasonable scope for gifts to charity are a belated honouring of the promise in the White Paper that charities would be at least as well off as under the old estate duty .
the exemption of gifts and bequests between spouses is certainly to be welcomed , and the amended [rules] which provide reasonable scope for gifts to charity are a belated honouring of the promise in the white paper that charities would be at least as well off as under the old estate duty .

The document said the Commissioner was in no doubt he had breached Garda disciplinary regulations in that he associated with a prostitute at Wilton Place , Dublin , on April 16 , 1992 .
the document said the commissioner was in no doubt he had breached garda disciplinary [rules] in that he associated with a prostitute at wilton place , dublin , on april 16 , 1992 .

The most urgent priority is for a system inventory , to assess workstations in accordance with Health and Safety regulations , to compile network documentation , and to account for the Garden 's hardware and software .
the most urgent priority is for a system inventory , to assess workstations in accordance with health and safety [rules] , to compile network documentation , and to account for the garden 's hardware and software .

Some enquiries are relatively simple — what facilities are available , and how can they be accessed ; what are our hours ; what regulations exist ; what functions/exhibitions are currently on , or are planned .
some enquiries are relatively simple — what facilities are available , and how can they be accessed ; what are our hours ; what [rules] exist ; what functions/exhibitions are currently on , or are planned .

So terrified of doing the wrong thing that they do nothing at all — except bleat like sheep about their petty rules and regulations and their morality .
so terrified of doing the wrong thing that they do nothing at all — except bleat like sheep about their petty rules and [rules] and their morality .

Her second in command , Lieutenant Colonel John Hounsell , was a walking encyclopaedia of Army rules and regulations .
her second in command , lieutenant colonel john hounsell , was a walking encyclopaedia of army rules and [rules] .

However , building societies have taken advantage of the new regulations which allow them to raise 40 % of funds on the wholesale markets , and are intent on maintaining their market share by encroaching on areas of lending business which traditionally belonged to banks .
however , building societies have taken advantage of the new [rules] which allow them to raise 40 % of funds on the wholesale markets , and are intent on maintaining their market share by encroaching on areas of lending business which traditionally belonged to banks .

The defence of due diligence is available to anyone charged with the offence in section 10 or with an offence under safety regulations .
the defence of due diligence is available to anyone charged with the offence in section 10 or with an offence under safety [rules] .

It should be noted that if any of these ineffective exclusion clauses are included in an advertisement , the trader responsible will expose himself to the risk of proceedings against him under the Control of Misleading Advertisements Regulations 1988 ( see paragraph 16 — 37 , below ) .
it should be noted that if any of these ineffective exclusion clauses are included in an advertisement , the trader responsible will expose himself to the risk of proceedings against him under the control of misleading advertisements [rules] 1988 ( see paragraph 16 — 37 , below ) .

Section 26 — regulations
section 26 — [rules]

This section empowers the Secretary of State to make regulations regulating the giving of price information .
this section empowers the secretary of state to make [rules] regulating the giving of price information .

Such regulations could make specific practices a criminal offence and the giving of specific information mandatory .
such [rules] could make specific practices a criminal offence and the giving of specific information mandatory .

No such regulations have been made and at present the government has no plans to make any .
no such [rules] have been made and at present the government has no plans to make any .

his acts or omissions were authorised by regulations made under section 26 ;
his acts or omissions were authorised by [rules] made under section 26 ;

The Control of Misleading Advertisements Regulations 1988 deal with this possibility .
the control of misleading advertisements [rules] 1988 deal with this possibility .

The Regulations clearly could be useful as a last resort , where the advertisement is not caught by any other legal provision and there is no other effective way of dealing with it , e.g .
the [rules] clearly could be useful as a last resort , where the advertisement is not caught by any other legal provision and there is no other effective way of dealing with it , e.g .

Before the Director General can take action under the Regulations , the advertisement must be such that it both deceives or is likely to deceive and is likely to affect the economic behaviour of those whom it reaches or to injure a competitor of the trader ( usually the advertiser ) whose interests the advertisement is promoting .
before the director general can take action under the [rules] , the advertisement must be such that it both deceives or is likely to deceive and is likely to affect the economic behaviour of those whom it reaches or to injure a competitor of the trader ( usually the advertiser ) whose interests the advertisement is promoting .

By way of exception , the Regulations do not give the Director General powers in relation to commercial radio and television advertisements or to cable advertisements .
by way of exception , the [rules] do not give the director general powers in relation to commercial radio and television advertisements or to cable advertisements .

To make regulations governing literature which is designed to attract new participants .
to make [rules] governing literature which is designed to attract new participants .

To make regulations for the purpose of preventing participants being unfairly treated .
to make [rules] for the purpose of preventing participants being unfairly treated .

Health and Safety , and Accidents at Work Your employer is almost certainly required to comply with a range of legal regulations concerning your health and safety at work .
health and safety , and accidents at work your employer is almost certainly required to comply with a range of legal [rules] concerning your health and safety at work .

Regulations from Brussels deal with a vast range of topics such as employment conditions , industrial safety , social security , immigration , taxation , food hygiene , environmental control , broadcasting , air-sea & land transport , cultural development , education and of course of all aspects of trade and commercial affairs .
[rules] from brussels deal with a vast range of topics such as employment conditions , industrial safety , social security , immigration , taxation , food hygiene , environmental control , broadcasting , air-sea & land transport , cultural development , education and of course of all aspects of trade and commercial affairs .

Business Deals — Drawing up contracts with foreign suppliers or customers , and taking account of the customs regulations in transportation .
business deals — drawing up contracts with foreign suppliers or customers , and taking account of the customs [rules] in transportation .

This involves giving legal advice to ministers and implementing government decisions , as well as prosecuting those who contravene regulations .
this involves giving legal advice to ministers and implementing government decisions , as well as prosecuting those who contravene [rules] .

They are required by the Law Society 's Training Regulations to provide experience in articles in a number of recognised areas of the law to give you the training necessary to qualify as a solicitor .
they are required by the law society 's training [rules] to provide experience in articles in a number of recognised areas of the law to give you the training necessary to qualify as a solicitor .

In the meantime , we will be urging the Lord chancellor not to make Regulations until the legal position has been clarified . ’
in the meantime , we will be urging the lord chancellor not to make [rules] until the legal position has been clarified . ’

Legal aid is a fundamental part of our system of justice , and we do not believe it is proper for the Lord chancellor to make drastic reductions in it through Regulations , particularly in view of the entirely inadequate consultation on his proposals .
legal aid is a fundamental part of our system of justice , and we do not believe it is proper for the lord chancellor to make drastic reductions in it through [rules] , particularly in view of the entirely inadequate consultation on his proposals .

The Lord chancellor 's proposals , contained in Regulations due to come into effect on 12th April , would potentially affect about 12–14 million adults : some would cease to be eligible for legal aid ; some would have to pay much more than at present ; and some would be required to pay a contribution for the first time .
the lord chancellor 's proposals , contained in [rules] due to come into effect on 12th april , would potentially affect about 12–14 million adults : some would cease to be eligible for legal aid ; some would have to pay much more than at present ; and some would be required to pay a contribution for the first time .

First , the Society believes the Regulations to be outside the powers granted to the Lord chancellor by the Legal Aid Act .
first , the society believes the [rules] to be outside the powers granted to the lord chancellor by the legal aid act .

The Regulations would undermine that purpose .
the [rules] would undermine that purpose .

The Society believes it is particularly unacceptable for changes of this sort to be put forward through Regulations when the White Paper preceding the Legal Aid Act , and the Lord Chancellor 's comments during the passage of the Act , made it clear that the Regulation-making powers were intended to be used for routine upratings , rather than for radical changes to the scheme .
the society believes it is particularly unacceptable for changes of this sort to be put forward through [rules] when the white paper preceding the legal aid act , and the lord chancellor 's comments during the passage of the act , made it clear that the regulation-making powers were intended to be used for routine upratings , rather than for radical changes to the scheme .

No such consultation took place before these proposals were introduced , and the Society argues that that failure makes the Regulations unlawful .
no such consultation took place before these proposals were introduced , and the society argues that that failure makes the [rules] unlawful .

The Society has urged the Lord chancellor to suspend the operation of the proposed regulations until the matter can be fully considered by the courts .
the society has urged the lord chancellor to suspend the operation of the proposed [rules] until the matter can be fully considered by the courts .

In the Society 's view , there is a risk that many thousands of people will be improperly denied legal advice if the Regulations come into force on 12th April , but are subsequently held to be unlawful .
in the society 's view , there is a risk that many thousands of people will be improperly denied legal advice if the [rules] come into force on 12th april , but are subsequently held to be unlawful .

The use of regulations to cut legal aid eligibility contravenes the explanation the Lord Chancellor gave to Parliament about the way he would use these powers .
the use of [rules] to cut legal aid eligibility contravenes the explanation the lord chancellor gave to parliament about the way he would use these powers .

In a judgement delivered to-day , the Divisional Court held that the Lord Chancellor 's Regulations , reducing eligibility for legal aid , were lawful .
in a judgement delivered to-day , the divisional court held that the lord chancellor 's [rules] , reducing eligibility for legal aid , were lawful .

‘ We are naturally disappointed that the Court has upheld the Regulations , especially as it is already clear that the legal aid cuts are causing real hardship to a substantial number of people .
‘ we are naturally disappointed that the court has upheld the [rules] , especially as it is already clear that the legal aid cuts are causing real hardship to a substantial number of people .

Had he consulted a solicitor the previous week , before the regulations came into force , he would have been eligible without contribution .
had he consulted a solicitor the previous week , before the [rules] came into force , he would have been eligible without contribution .

The Management of Health and Safety at Work Regulations 1992 lays out in pretty tough terms exactly what has to be done in terms of assessing risks , appointing health & safety assistants , setting up emergency procedures , providing information and training to employees and so on .
the management of health and safety at work [rules] 1992 lays out in pretty tough terms exactly what has to be done in terms of assessing risks , appointing health & safety assistants , setting up emergency procedures , providing information and training to employees and so on .

But this is actually only one of six sets of regulations and guidance which are due to come into force .
but this is actually only one of six sets of [rules] and guidance which are due to come into force .

However , the fact remains that under Health Service regulations he can claim £45 for every call-out between 10pm and 8am .
however , the fact remains that under health service [rules] he can claim £45 for every call-out between 10pm and 8am .

The technical training department is currently working on the issue of competency assurance which is required by the new Safety Case Regulations .
the technical training department is currently working on the issue of competency assurance which is required by the new safety case [rules] .

Mr James said : ‘ There has always been numerous safety management regulations in engineering but until now the administration side of the business has largely been ignored .
mr james said : ‘ there has always been numerous safety management [rules] in engineering but until now the administration side of the business has largely been ignored .

Our initial aim is to prove that our technicians are fully capable of carrying out their duties offshore , which is now a requirement under Safety Case Regulations .
our initial aim is to prove that our technicians are fully capable of carrying out their duties offshore , which is now a requirement under safety case [rules] .

First , the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 was extended to include the Control of Substances Hazardous to Health Regulations ( 1988 ) .
first , the health and safety at work act 1974 was extended to include the control of substances hazardous to health [rules] ( 1988 ) .

These regulations are designed to protect people against immediate or delayed health risks from substances which may have an adverse effect on their health ; for instance , disinfectants such as glutaraldehyde .
these [rules] are designed to protect people against immediate or delayed health risks from substances which may have an adverse effect on their health ; for instance , disinfectants such as glutaraldehyde .

There was too much power , there were too many regulations , in the air for emotions to flourish .
there was too much power , there were too many [rules] , in the air for emotions to flourish .

We find our arts opportunities restricted at all levels , from lack of physical access to arts facilities and regulations which bar us from training courses , to our invisibility and misrepresentation in the images produced and promoted .
we find our arts opportunities restricted at all levels , from lack of physical access to arts facilities and [rules] which bar us from training courses , to our invisibility and misrepresentation in the images produced and promoted .

Monitor environmental statutory regulations to ensure that required standards are met .
monitor environmental statutory [rules] to ensure that required standards are met .

The young football supporters talked to by these authors have their own , mutually understood , hierarchies and regulations .
the young football supporters talked to by these authors have their own , mutually understood , hierarchies and [rules] .

The last day for the appointment of delegates to attend this special meeting of the General Committee shall be decided in accordance with regulations sanctioned by the National Executive Committee .
the last day for the appointment of delegates to attend this special meeting of the general committee shall be decided in accordance with [rules] sanctioned by the national executive committee .

( 9 ) When this party has selected the prospective parliamentary candidate , section ( 3 ) of this clause shall be applicable only when section ( 8 ) applies or , having received a written request from the General Committee of this party for permission to reconsider the selection of the prospective parliamentary candidate , the National Executive Committee has decided that in its opinion there are changed circumstances relating to the prospective parliamentary candidate since his or her selection , and has given authority to this party to convene a special meeting of the General Committee in accordance with regulations sanctioned by the National Executive Committee to consider a resolution that the prospective candidate selected previously shall not be the candidate at the next general election .
( 9 ) when this party has selected the prospective parliamentary candidate , section ( 3 ) of this clause shall be applicable only when section ( 8 ) applies or , having received a written request from the general committee of this party for permission to reconsider the selection of the prospective parliamentary candidate , the national executive committee has decided that in its opinion there are changed circumstances relating to the prospective parliamentary candidate since his or her selection , and has given authority to this party to convene a special meeting of the general committee in accordance with [rules] sanctioned by the national executive committee to consider a resolution that the prospective candidate selected previously shall not be the candidate at the next general election .

Clearly these regulations were meant to confine carried-out timber to that fit only for firewood , but in 1792 complaints were still being made of enormous losses of timber through yard workers , who even finished work early to allow themselves time to saw up useful lengths , which they sold at a shilling each .
clearly these [rules] were meant to confine carried-out timber to that fit only for firewood , but in 1792 complaints were still being made of enormous losses of timber through yard workers , who even finished work early to allow themselves time to saw up useful lengths , which they sold at a shilling each .

The civil service , again composed of volunteers on Community Tax Service , will spend time un-making regulations and shortening forms .
the civil service , again composed of volunteers on community tax service , will spend time un-making [rules] and shortening forms .

’ Under the new educational regulations any increase in students meant a concomitant increase in funding .
’ under the new educational [rules] any increase in students meant a concomitant increase in funding .

Governments should not interfere by introducing a host of regulations , investigatory bodies , or state-run enterprises .
governments should not interfere by introducing a host of [rules] , investigatory bodies , or state-run enterprises .

In other cases , governments have tried to regulate but often been ineffective ; it is hard to enforce regulations such as those that prevent ships discharging oil at sea .
in other cases , governments have tried to regulate but often been ineffective ; it is hard to enforce [rules] such as those that prevent ships discharging oil at sea .

What margin of error should be built into safety regulations ?
what margin of error should be built into safety [rules] ?

Even where society relies on private agencies to monitor regulations , society will probably want to set the standards itself .
even where society relies on private agencies to monitor [rules] , society will probably want to set the standards itself .

Economists have long been calling for safety regulations to be subject to cost-benefit analysis .
economists have long been calling for safety [rules] to be subject to cost-benefit analysis .

However society decides to value the benefit of saving human life , an efficient allocation would adopt health and safety regulations up to the point at which the marginal social cost of saving life by each and every means was equal to the marginal social benefit of saving life .
however society decides to value the benefit of saving human life , an efficient allocation would adopt health and safety [rules] up to the point at which the marginal social cost of saving life by each and every means was equal to the marginal social benefit of saving life .

Health , quality , and safety regulations are designed both to provide information and to express society 's value judgements about intangibles such as life itself .
health , quality , and safety [rules] are designed both to provide information and to express society 's value judgements about intangibles such as life itself .

( a ) Why might society wish to ban drugs that neither help nor harm the diseases they are claimed to cure ? ( b ) It is sometimes argued that regulatory bodies will be blamed for bad things that happen in spite of the regulations ( e.g. a plane crash ) but not blamed so much for good things that are prevented ( e.g. the quick availability of a safe and useful drug ) by stringent tests and regulations . Does this mean that regulatory bodies will tend to be too conservative and will over-regulate the activities under their scrutiny ?
( a ) why might society wish to ban drugs that neither help nor harm the diseases they are claimed to cure ? ( b ) it is sometimes argued that regulatory bodies will be blamed for bad things that happen in spite of the [rules] ( e.g. a plane crash ) but not blamed so much for good things that are prevented ( e.g. the quick availability of a safe and useful drug ) by stringent tests and [rules] . does this mean that regulatory bodies will tend to be too conservative and will over-regulate the activities under their scrutiny ?

They believed that high levels of government spending were pre-empting resources that could have been used more productively in the private sector , that high taxes were stifling private enterprise , and that the abolition of the complex system of government regulations , interventions , and subsidies would unleash a new wave of private initiative and energy .
they believed that high levels of government spending were pre-empting resources that could have been used more productively in the private sector , that high taxes were stifling private enterprise , and that the abolition of the complex system of government [rules] , interventions , and subsidies would unleash a new wave of private initiative and energy .

Generals and admirals may believe , and society may agree , that offences against these regulations should receive unusual penalties which would not be generally sanctioned in private firms .
generals and admirals may believe , and society may agree , that offences against these [rules] should receive unusual penalties which would not be generally sanctioned in private firms .

They are shortly to be voting on new student dress regulations that will allow school principals to ban the sign from their institutions .
they are shortly to be voting on new student dress [rules] that will allow school principals to ban the sign from their institutions .

By last year the crisis had reached such proportions that Southern California introduced radical new regulations to control air pollution .
by last year the crisis had reached such proportions that southern california introduced radical new [rules] to control air pollution .

The new regulations cover every source of air pollution from barbecue lighter fuel — which is now banned — to pesticides .
the new [rules] cover every source of air pollution from barbecue lighter fuel — which is now banned — to pesticides .

The regulations are forcing people to stop using petrol as the major vehicle fuel .
the [rules] are forcing people to stop using petrol as the major vehicle fuel .

Business people can argue that the ‘ realities ’ of the new competitive marketplace prevent them from being burdened again with expensive labour contracts , health and safety regulations and pollution controls .
business people can argue that the ‘ realities ’ of the new competitive marketplace prevent them from being burdened again with expensive labour contracts , health and safety [rules] and pollution controls .

This way the company does n't have to pay national insurance contributions , worry about health and safety regulations , bother with sickness or holiday pay or any other statutory benefits .
this way the company does n't have to pay national insurance contributions , worry about health and safety [rules] , bother with sickness or holiday pay or any other statutory benefits .

In the developed world we need to crack down hard on workplaces that break health and safety regulations .
in the developed world we need to crack down hard on workplaces that break health and safety [rules] .

Nor do they benefit from statutory benefits such as sickness or holiday pay , or health regulations — important for those working with hazardous materials such as adhesives .
nor do they benefit from statutory benefits such as sickness or holiday pay , or health [rules] — important for those working with hazardous materials such as adhesives .

Through the Children Act 1989 and its associated regulations and guidance , the Government have ensured that a much more effective framework for controlling children 's homes is now in position .
through the children act 1989 and its associated [rules] and guidance , the government have ensured that a much more effective framework for controlling children 's homes is now in position .

It is just one illustration of the double standards that we have tolerated for generations that , for one and half centuries , the House has rightly imposed the strictest safety rules and regulations on the railways , while doing virtually nothing about the roads .
it is just one illustration of the double standards that we have tolerated for generations that , for one and half centuries , the house has rightly imposed the strictest safety rules and [rules] on the railways , while doing virtually nothing about the roads .

Prisoner after prisoner has complained about the arbitrary way in which the prison regulations are enforced .
prisoner after prisoner has complained about the arbitrary way in which the prison [rules] are enforced .

When considering the regulations for set-aside , which is a very valuable tool in the present negotiations , will the Minister make them rather more positive by enabling farmers who have land set aside — especially , perhaps , for one year — to use the year to clean the land rather than merely to cut it ? In that way , when the land eventually came back into production farmers would use fewer chemicals which would be even more environmentally friendly .
when considering the [rules] for set-aside , which is a very valuable tool in the present negotiations , will the minister make them rather more positive by enabling farmers who have land set aside — especially , perhaps , for one year — to use the year to clean the land rather than merely to cut it ? in that way , when the land eventually came back into production farmers would use fewer chemicals which would be even more environmentally friendly .

We also have many other futile debates on directives and regulations .
we also have many other futile debates on directives and [rules] .

If the bill and the reminder notice have been issued in accordance with the regulations and the charge is still outstanding , the magistrate must issue a liability order to the council so that it can take action against the defaulter .
if the bill and the reminder notice have been issued in accordance with the [rules] and the charge is still outstanding , the magistrate must issue a liability order to the council so that it can take action against the defaulter .

That the draft Social Security ( Introduction of Disability Living Allowance ) Regulations 1991 , which were laid before this House on 26th November , be approved .
that the draft social security ( introduction of disability living allowance ) [rules] 1991 , which were laid before this house on 26th november , be approved .

That this draft Disability Working Allowance ( General ) Regulations 1991 , which were laid before this House on 26th November , be approved .
that this draft disability working allowance ( general ) [rules] 1991 , which were laid before this house on 26th november , be approved .

Regulations 1991 , which were laid before this House on 26th November , be approved .
[rules] 1991 , which were laid before this house on 26th november , be approved .

Regulations 1991 , which were laid before this House on 26th November , be approved .
[rules] 1991 , which were laid before this house on 26th november , be approved .

My speech is therefore directed principally to what will no doubt be the two main areas of interest to the House : that is to say , the benefits uprating generally and the voluminous regulations that provide or pave the way for the introduction of disability living allowance and disability working allowance in April 1992 , to the advantage of tens of thousands of disabled people .
my speech is therefore directed principally to what will no doubt be the two main areas of interest to the house : that is to say , the benefits uprating generally and the voluminous [rules] that provide or pave the way for the introduction of disability living allowance and disability working allowance in april 1992 , to the advantage of tens of thousands of disabled people .

Scrutiny by the Joint Committee on Statutory Instruments applies to other affirmative regulations .
scrutiny by the joint committee on statutory instruments applies to other affirmative [rules] .

Members had been given more time to study these complicated regulations , more of them might have realised how adversely they affect some of their constituents and would have made it their business to be here .
members had been given more time to study these complicated [rules] , more of them might have realised how adversely they affect some of their constituents and would have made it their business to be here .

However , when the regulations are published , even good schemes become a nightmare of complexity for those of us who are supposed to make sensible policy and for those to whom the schemes are supposed to apply .
however , when the [rules] are published , even good schemes become a nightmare of complexity for those of us who are supposed to make sensible policy and for those to whom the schemes are supposed to apply .

Today , despite assurances given by the Under-Secretary of State for Social Security in Committee , crucial regulations on disability have been botched together with the uprating measures so that they can not be effectively and properly considered by Parliament .
today , despite assurances given by the under-secretary of state for social security in committee , crucial [rules] on disability have been botched together with the uprating measures so that they can not be effectively and properly considered by parliament .

Under the Control of Pollution ( Special Wastes ) Regulations 1980 , movements of defined categories of difficult wastes in the United Kingdom are subject to at least three working days notification to local waste disposal authorities .
under the control of pollution ( special wastes ) [rules] 1980 , movements of defined categories of difficult wastes in the united kingdom are subject to at least three working days notification to local waste disposal authorities .

In Northern Ireland , special wastes are subject to the Pollution Control ( Special Waste ) Regulations ( Northern Ireland ) 1981 , which impose the same requirements as in Britain regarding pre-notification of movement of waste to suitable licensed disposal facilities .
in northern ireland , special wastes are subject to the pollution control ( special waste ) [rules] ( northern ireland ) 1981 , which impose the same requirements as in britain regarding pre-notification of movement of waste to suitable licensed disposal facilities .

There is always a danger that if the regulations are overused by the Secretary of State , he will find that his business and duties in planning will become bogged down .
there is always a danger that if the [rules] are overused by the secretary of state , he will find that his business and duties in planning will become bogged down .

Regulations provide that if local planning authorities are minded to approve a proposal , but judge that it involves a material departure from the provisions of the development plan , they are required to refer the matter to the Secretary of State for him to decide whether he thinks it fit to call in the matter for his own decision .
[rules] provide that if local planning authorities are minded to approve a proposal , but judge that it involves a material departure from the provisions of the development plan , they are required to refer the matter to the secretary of state for him to decide whether he thinks it fit to call in the matter for his own decision .

Gentleman 's specific point relating to the early-day motion , Coal Products Ltd. , like any other company , is governed by strict environmental regulations introduced by this Government .
gentleman 's specific point relating to the early-day motion , coal products ltd. , like any other company , is governed by strict environmental [rules] introduced by this government .

We feel very strongly that people should have access to solicitors who have knowledge of immigration law , and who can protect people by explaining the difficult legislation and regulations dealing with immigration policy .
we feel very strongly that people should have access to solicitors who have knowledge of immigration law , and who can protect people by explaining the difficult legislation and [rules] dealing with immigration policy .

Although the most commonly used traffic-calming measures , road humps , are governed by statute and are subject to clear regulations , other techniques such as chicanes , road narowing , different road surfaces , shared road surfaces , rumble strips and gateways are not properly covered by legislation .
although the most commonly used traffic-calming measures , road humps , are governed by statute and are subject to clear [rules] , other techniques such as chicanes , road narowing , different road surfaces , shared road surfaces , rumble strips and gateways are not properly covered by legislation .

Friend acknowledge that the road hump regulations had to be changed two or three times ?
friend acknowledge that the road hump [rules] had to be changed two or three times ?

The Secretary of State is given the authority to sanction road and highway authorities ' schemes , which may not always fall within the regulations .
the secretary of state is given the authority to sanction road and highway authorities ' schemes , which may not always fall within the [rules] .

It will provide the basis for detailed regulations , which will come before the House in due course , to come into effect from April .
it will provide the basis for detailed [rules] , which will come before the house in due course , to come into effect from april .

Accordingly , we intend to provide in regulations for direct payments to start once that 100 per cent .
accordingly , we intend to provide in [rules] for direct payments to start once that 100 per cent .

Regulations 1989 .
[rules] 1989 .

The Education ( Mandatory Awards ) Regulations are reviewed annually .
the education ( mandatory awards ) [rules] are reviewed annually .

The regulations do not impose any specific requirements on how local education authorities should treat people ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom when considering their applications for discretionary awards .
the [rules] do not impose any specific requirements on how local education authorities should treat people ordinarily resident in the united kingdom when considering their applications for discretionary awards .

At the meeting on 18 November , will there be a clear discussion about the eight-day tie-up regulations which , one year on , are now seen as the most hated and despised aspect of the conservation policy , bringing financial hardship , fear and life-threatening situations to our coastal communities ? If the Government are not prepared to abolish that most ineffective policy , will they at least consider flexibility in the application of the rules , taking particular account of men who are kept on shore because of bad weather or boat maintenance ?
at the meeting on 18 november , will there be a clear discussion about the eight-day tie-up [rules] which , one year on , are now seen as the most hated and despised aspect of the conservation policy , bringing financial hardship , fear and life-threatening situations to our coastal communities ? if the government are not prepared to abolish that most ineffective policy , will they at least consider flexibility in the application of the rules , taking particular account of men who are kept on shore because of bad weather or boat maintenance ?

Friend the Member for Wiltshire , North ( Mr. Needham ) has recently announced changes in the regulations and administrative arrangements governing taxis .
friend the member for wiltshire , north ( mr. needham ) has recently announced changes in the [rules] and administrative arrangements governing taxis .

In any event , the new regulations can not eliminate the risk to taxi drivers .
in any event , the new [rules] can not eliminate the risk to taxi drivers .

Gentleman 's further point , although we have conducted an interim review of the regulations we shall be conducting a wider one .
gentleman 's further point , although we have conducted an interim review of the [rules] we shall be conducting a wider one .

Would not it be easy to accede to the commissioner 's request to change the three points in the regulation which the Commission says are defective and deal with Crown immune areas , reduce the latitude given to authorities and ensure that environmental assessments are recorded in writing so that we have proper regulations and proper environmental impact assessments ? That would test whether Oxleas wood , Twyford down and other such places would survive if there were proper implementation of European law .
would not it be easy to accede to the commissioner 's request to change the three points in the regulation which the commission says are defective and deal with crown immune areas , reduce the latitude given to authorities and ensure that environmental assessments are recorded in writing so that we have proper [rules] and proper environmental impact assessments ? that would test whether oxleas wood , twyford down and other such places would survive if there were proper implementation of european law .

The principles and assumptions to be used for valuations were set out in regulations laid on2 September .
the principles and assumptions to be used for valuations were set out in [rules] laid on2 september .

Under the Electricity Act 1989 , the regulator is directed to monitor the progress of combined heat and power . Will my hon. Friend discuss with the Office of Electricity Regulation the complaints of the Combined Heat and Power Association that existing regulations contain barriers to the progress of combined heat and power , which should be removed ?
under the electricity act 1989 , the regulator is directed to monitor the progress of combined heat and power . will my hon. friend discuss with the office of electricity regulation the complaints of the combined heat and power association that existing [rules] contain barriers to the progress of combined heat and power , which should be removed ?

He is also right to say that regulations improve the quality of service .
he is also right to say that [rules] improve the quality of service .

Under current European Community regulations , individual patients may be referred elsewhere in the Community for treatment in certain specified circumstances , with the prior authorisation of the Department .
under current european community [rules] , individual patients may be referred elsewhere in the community for treatment in certain specified circumstances , with the prior authorisation of the department .

We have opened discussions with Mr. MacSharry on that , we are pushing the Community for urgency on the zoonoses regulations , and the Commission has before it a proposal to overhaul the meat inspection and meat hygiene directive .
we have opened discussions with mr. macsharry on that , we are pushing the community for urgency on the zoonoses [rules] , and the commission has before it a proposal to overhaul the meat inspection and meat hygiene directive .

Can my hon. Friend confirm that when he announces new proposals for deregulation he will ensure that he and his officials have consulted the Minister for small businesses to see that every effort is made to take into account the needs of small businesses and that deregulation , wherever possible , is increased , so that small businesses can get special exemptions where possible from what can be very complicated regulations and procedures that the Government introduce ?
can my hon. friend confirm that when he announces new proposals for deregulation he will ensure that he and his officials have consulted the minister for small businesses to see that every effort is made to take into account the needs of small businesses and that deregulation , wherever possible , is increased , so that small businesses can get special exemptions where possible from what can be very complicated [rules] and procedures that the government introduce ?

To ask the Secretary of State for the Environment if he will consider the need for additional regulations to enhance the ecological protection of the environment for green belt areas of open space in the outer London boroughs .
to ask the secretary of state for the environment if he will consider the need for additional [rules] to enhance the ecological protection of the environment for green belt areas of open space in the outer london boroughs .

Is it not time that the Government forced the pace and , if necessary , made regulations requiring manufacturers to incorporate safety procedures ?
is it not time that the government forced the pace and , if necessary , made [rules] requiring manufacturers to incorporate safety procedures ?

During our presidency we must extend the competence of the Community so that it can ensure that once animal welfare regulations are passed they are enforced — from Spain to Scotland and from Ireland to Greece .
during our presidency we must extend the competence of the community so that it can ensure that once animal welfare [rules] are passed they are enforced — from spain to scotland and from ireland to greece .

Friend has any evidence that other countries might not be implementing the regulations as carefully as we are , we shall certainly take action .
friend has any evidence that other countries might not be implementing the [rules] as carefully as we are , we shall certainly take action .

If the Minister claims to be so concerned about the consumer , can he explain why his right hon. Friend the Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food , at the National Farmers Union annual general meeting last month , produced a list of nearly 100 regulations from the Ministry and promised to discuss their relevance and implementation with the farmers ? Why does he refuse to meet any groups other than farmers , as he confirmed to me in the House on 17 February ? Why does he refuse to discuss the regulations on the welfare of animals in transit with the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ? Why does he refuse to discuss the reduction of salmonella controls with the consumer organisations ? Why does he refuse to talk to the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds about licensing to kill birds ? It is not the citizens charter that the consumers of this country want ; they want a Ministry of Food and Farming which the incoming Labour Government will introduce .
if the minister claims to be so concerned about the consumer , can he explain why his right hon. friend the minister of agriculture , fisheries and food , at the national farmers union annual general meeting last month , produced a list of nearly 100 [rules] from the ministry and promised to discuss their relevance and implementation with the farmers ? why does he refuse to meet any groups other than farmers , as he confirmed to me in the house on 17 february ? why does he refuse to discuss the [rules] on the welfare of animals in transit with the royal society for the prevention of cruelty to animals ? why does he refuse to discuss the reduction of salmonella controls with the consumer organisations ? why does he refuse to talk to the royal society for the protection of birds about licensing to kill birds ? it is not the citizens charter that the consumers of this country want ; they want a ministry of food and farming which the incoming labour government will introduce .

To ask the Secretary of State for Transport if he will review the regulations covering safety and roadworthiness of buses .
to ask the secretary of state for transport if he will review the [rules] covering safety and roadworthiness of buses .

Regulations covering the safety and roadworthiness of buses are kept under continuous review .
[rules] covering the safety and roadworthiness of buses are kept under continuous review .

Will my hon. Friend confirm that safety regulations for buses remain the same whether the services are deregulated or regulated ? Will he confirm also that the regulations are entirely independent of the industry ?
will my hon. friend confirm that safety [rules] for buses remain the same whether the services are deregulated or regulated ? will he confirm also that the [rules] are entirely independent of the industry ?

Friend is also right that business wants regulations kept in bounds , with decent regulations so that markets are fair and open , but it does not want the masses of red tape that the Opposition are always recommending day after day in the House .
friend is also right that business wants [rules] kept in bounds , with decent [rules] so that markets are fair and open , but it does not want the masses of red tape that the opposition are always recommending day after day in the house .

Is my hon. Friend aware that a large proportion of those employed in the south-west , and certainly in Devon , are part-time workers in residential homes ? Is he aware that the owners of those homes are already burdened by a large number of regulations and that any new regulations from Brussels should be resisted by him and his colleagues , particularly regulations on part-time workers and the implementation of a minimum wage ?
is my hon. friend aware that a large proportion of those employed in the south-west , and certainly in devon , are part-time workers in residential homes ? is he aware that the owners of those homes are already burdened by a large number of [rules] and that any new [rules] from brussels should be resisted by him and his colleagues , particularly [rules] on part-time workers and the implementation of a minimum wage ?

Some of the regulations from Brussels would destroy jobs as surely as the policies of the Labour party would if they were ever to be followed .
some of the [rules] from brussels would destroy jobs as surely as the policies of the labour party would if they were ever to be followed .

Friend the Member for City of Durham ( Mr. Steinberg ) said that the legislation is only a shell and that regulations will be needed to implement it .
friend the member for city of durham ( mr. steinberg ) said that the legislation is only a shell and that [rules] will be needed to implement it .

The matter could be dealt with speedily , by regulations under the existing legislation .
the matter could be dealt with speedily , by [rules] under the existing legislation .

They want more rules and regulations and more Government interference .
they want more rules and [rules] and more government interference .

Local authorities can do little preparatory work before the regulations are published .
local authorities can do little preparatory work before the [rules] are published .

It is true also that the regulations will be a matter for discussion at a later stage .
it is true also that the [rules] will be a matter for discussion at a later stage .

Those aspects will have to be the subject of regulations that the House will have to consider later .
those aspects will have to be the subject of [rules] that the house will have to consider later .

The Bill gives the Secretary of State wide-ranging new powers , relating not only to capping but to the vast number of orders and regulations that he will be able to issue , and even to the grants that will be given to London 's voluntary organisations .
the bill gives the secretary of state wide-ranging new powers , relating not only to capping but to the vast number of orders and [rules] that he will be able to issue , and even to the grants that will be given to london 's voluntary organisations .

Clause 74 provides for the valuation bands into which dwellings are to be placed and which have already been described in the Domestic Property ( Valuation ) ( Scotland ) Regulations 1991 .
clause 74 provides for the valuation bands into which dwellings are to be placed and which have already been described in the domestic property ( valuation ) ( scotland ) [rules] 1991 .

The difficulties associated with the introduction of the community charge were not caused by the time taken for the Bill to pass through the House , but by the fact that a large number of regulations relating to the charge were passed close to its introduction .
the difficulties associated with the introduction of the community charge were not caused by the time taken for the bill to pass through the house , but by the fact that a large number of [rules] relating to the charge were passed close to its introduction .

Friend the Minister give us some assurance that regulations relating to the council tax will be in place by the end of this year ?
friend the minister give us some assurance that [rules] relating to the council tax will be in place by the end of this year ?

Every time that it comes to capping regulations , those same authorities are blamed and pilloried for the spending for which Ministers have happily claimed the credit .
every time that it comes to capping [rules] , those same authorities are blamed and pilloried for the spending for which ministers have happily claimed the credit .

The issues were discussed many times both in this House and in another place last year , and the social security regulations which gave effect to the changes were fully debated and approved by both Houses .
the issues were discussed many times both in this house and in another place last year , and the social security [rules] which gave effect to the changes were fully debated and approved by both houses .

Could he review the way in which the regulations work and their impact on some carriers ?
could he review the way in which the [rules] work and their impact on some carriers ?

The regulations have not been subject to a report by the Joint Committee on Statutory Instruments , but we have printed a memorandum about the statutory instrument that we received from the Department , and made copies of it available .
the [rules] have not been subject to a report by the joint committee on statutory instruments , but we have printed a memorandum about the statutory instrument that we received from the department , and made copies of it available .

The regulations represent the Government 's second attempt to amend the regulation that previously applied in such cases — regulation 72 , introduced in April 1987 .
the [rules] represent the government 's second attempt to amend the regulation that previously applied in such cases — regulation 72 , introduced in april 1987 .

It seems that it is being said that , with the onset of the campaigns , the Department feared a flood of ’ non-specific applications ’ and therefore withdrew the original regulations and laid new regulations , to come into force the following day .
it seems that it is being said that , with the onset of the campaigns , the department feared a flood of ’ non-specific applications ’ and therefore withdrew the original [rules] and laid new [rules] , to come into force the following day .

Member for Greenock and Port Glasgow ( Dr. Godman ) suggested , the ham-fisted way in which the regulations were tabled , withdrawn , retabled and finally , under tonight 's negative procedure , introduced , meant that many mentally and physically handicapped people lost out on their claims .
member for greenock and port glasgow ( dr. godman ) suggested , the ham-fisted way in which the [rules] were tabled , withdrawn , retabled and finally , under tonight 's negative procedure , introduced , meant that many mentally and physically handicapped people lost out on their claims .

Wherefore your Petitioners pray that your Honourable House will take every step to persuade the European Community not to introduce regulations that will ever allow such trade to be introduced .
wherefore your petitioners pray that your honourable house will take every step to persuade the european community not to introduce [rules] that will ever allow such trade to be introduced .

Therefore , we intend to repeal the Act when alternative regulations governing working times are in place .
therefore , we intend to repeal the act when alternative [rules] governing working times are in place .

In accordance with normal regulations , their final report was forwarded to the Commanding Officer who sought legal advice on its findings .
in accordance with normal [rules] , their final report was forwarded to the commanding officer who sought legal advice on its findings .

Motion on the Library Charges ( England and Wales ) Regulations .
motion on the library charges ( england and wales ) [rules] .

Is the Leader of the House aware that more than 70 right hon. and hon. Members on both sides of the House have signed a prayer against the explosives regulations ?
is the leader of the house aware that more than 70 right hon. and hon. members on both sides of the house have signed a prayer against the explosives [rules] ?

In July it was intended that they should be contained in regulations .
in july it was intended that they should be contained in [rules] .

Regulations 1988 , which , it will be recalled , they introduced to meet European Community directive No. 85337 , conform to that requirement .
[rules] 1988 , which , it will be recalled , they introduced to meet european community directive no. 85337 , conform to that requirement .

It is no wonder our railways are in a mess when they are burdoned by regulations to a far greater extent than any road operator . Here is an example of an actual conflict arising from the rule book : —
it is no wonder our railways are in a mess when they are burdoned by [rules] to a far greater extent than any road operator . here is an example of an actual conflict arising from the rule book : —

The Regulations apply when the customer makes the contract during an unsolicited visit by the trader ( or his representative ) to the customer 's home , to someone else 's home or to the customer 's place of work .
the [rules] apply when the customer makes the contract during an unsolicited visit by the trader ( or his representative ) to the customer 's home , to someone else 's home or to the customer 's place of work .

The visit is not ‘ unsolicited , ’ and therefore the Regulations do not apply , if the customer has expressly requested the visit , e.g .
the visit is not ‘ unsolicited , ’ and therefore the [rules] do not apply , if the customer has expressly requested the visit , e.g .

If , on the other hand , the trader ( without the customer having requested him to do so ) has telephoned the customer indicating that he is willing to make a visit , the trader 's subsequent visit will be unsolicited and the Regulations will apply .
if , on the other hand , the trader ( without the customer having requested him to do so ) has telephoned the customer indicating that he is willing to make a visit , the trader 's subsequent visit will be unsolicited and the [rules] will apply .

Nevertheless the Regulations still apply to such a contract .
nevertheless the [rules] still apply to such a contract .

In addition to the contracts mentioned so far , the Regulations also apply to contracts made during an excursion organised by the trader away from his trade premises .
in addition to the contracts mentioned so far , the [rules] also apply to contracts made during an excursion organised by the trader away from his trade premises .

The resulting contracts are cancellable under the Regulations .
the resulting contracts are cancellable under the [rules] .

There are some important exceptions to what has been said so far . Certain contracts are excepted and are therefore not cancellable under the Regulations ( even if made during or following an unsolicited visit or an excursion ) , namely any contract :
there are some important exceptions to what has been said so far . certain contracts are excepted and are therefore not cancellable under the [rules] ( even if made during or following an unsolicited visit or an excursion ) , namely any contract :

Where the Regulations apply , they give a cooling-off period entitling the customer to cancel the agreement at any time ‘ within the period of 7 days following the making of the contract .
where the [rules] apply , they give a cooling-off period entitling the customer to cancel the agreement at any time ‘ within the period of 7 days following the making of the contract .

The Regulations require the trader to give the customer a notice of his cancellation rights and a detachable form must also be provided for the customer 's use .
the [rules] require the trader to give the customer a notice of his cancellation rights and a detachable form must also be provided for the customer 's use .

These must be in the form required by the Regulations and must be given to the customer during the trader 's visit ( or during the excursion ) .
these must be in the form required by the [rules] and must be given to the customer during the trader 's visit ( or during the excursion ) .

where the Regulations therefore do not apply ) , there will be provisions of the Consumer Credit Act giving protection to the customer .
where the [rules] therefore do not apply ) , there will be provisions of the consumer credit act giving protection to the customer .

Planning regulations , pollution controls , speed and weight restrictions on roads , are all methods of reducing external costs .
planning [rules] , pollution controls , speed and weight restrictions on roads , are all methods of reducing external costs .

Hence there is a role for government collective action to improve the efficiency of resource allocation by negotiating and enforcing regulations regarding the use of common goods .
hence there is a role for government collective action to improve the efficiency of resource allocation by negotiating and enforcing [rules] regarding the use of common goods .

Some of these regulations may not promote efficiency but be justified on paternalistic grounds : workers are held not to be the best judges of their own interests and so are prevented by law from taking risks they would voluntarily undertake for money .
some of these [rules] may not promote efficiency but be justified on paternalistic grounds : workers are held not to be the best judges of their own interests and so are prevented by law from taking risks they would voluntarily undertake for money .

Their ability to do this is highly dependent on specific regulations affecting their markets and on the attitude of government to their uncompetitive practices .
their ability to do this is highly dependent on specific [rules] affecting their markets and on the attitude of government to their uncompetitive practices .

Rules and Regulations
rules and [rules]

However , there are many rules and regulations in Britain which it is advisable to follow — indeed , you are breaking the law if you do n't follow some of them .
however , there are many rules and [rules] in britain which it is advisable to follow — indeed , you are breaking the law if you do n't follow some of them .

The main rules and regulations which affect the home plumber are :
the main rules and [rules] which affect the home plumber are :

Gas Safety Regulations
gas safety [rules]

Building Regulations
building [rules]

Wiring Regulations .
wiring [rules] .

Building Regulations
building [rules]

Although Building Regulations are mainly concerned with the construction of houses — and proposed changes in construction — there are ways in which they affect the home plumber , too .
although building [rules] are mainly concerned with the construction of houses — and proposed changes in construction — there are ways in which they affect the home plumber , too .

The Building Regulations themselves do not make for easy reading , but there are various guides designed to explain them and the DoE now produce a Manual to the Building Regulations .
the building [rules] themselves do not make for easy reading , but there are various guides designed to explain them and the doe now produce a manual to the building [rules] .

The Regulations are presently the responsibility of Building Control Officers within local authorities and it is to them that you should apply if you want to do any work which might be affected by the Regulations .
the [rules] are presently the responsibility of building control officers within local authorities and it is to them that you should apply if you want to do any work which might be affected by the [rules] .

New Building Regulations were introduced in 1985 .
new building [rules] were introduced in 1985 .

The Regulations themselves set out only the main performance criteria with the technical detail set out in supporting documents .
the [rules] themselves set out only the main performance criteria with the technical detail set out in supporting documents .

Scotland and Northern Ireland have their own Building Regulations .
scotland and northern ireland have their own building [rules] .

Gas Safety Regulations
gas safety [rules]

By far the most important provision of the Gas Safety ( Installation and Use ) Regulations for the home plumber is that it is illegal for anyone to carry out any work in relation to a gas fitting who is not ‘ competent ’ to do so .
by far the most important provision of the gas safety ( installation and use ) [rules] for the home plumber is that it is illegal for anyone to carry out any work in relation to a gas fitting who is not ‘ competent ’ to do so .

Wiring Regulations
wiring [rules]

Except in Scotland ( where electrical wiring is part of the Scottish Building Regulations ) , there are no legal restrictions on anyone carrying out his or her own electrical repairs and alterations .
except in scotland ( where electrical wiring is part of the scottish building [rules] ) , there are no legal restrictions on anyone carrying out his or her own electrical repairs and alterations .

As with Building Regulations , changes in the Wiring Regulations are not retrospective and are intended for new installations , but substantial additions or alterations to a house 's wiring may mean making changes to an existing installation .
as with building [rules] , changes in the wiring [rules] are not retrospective and are intended for new installations , but substantial additions or alterations to a house 's wiring may mean making changes to an existing installation .

The Wiring Regulations require that all metal pipe and exposed metal fittings are connected to the main earth terminal , which necessitates running separate earth wires wherever plastic pipe has been fitted .
the wiring [rules] require that all metal pipe and exposed metal fittings are connected to the main earth terminal , which necessitates running separate earth wires wherever plastic pipe has been fitted .

Unvented hot water systems are now covered by the requirements of the Building Regulations as well as the water bye-laws .
unvented hot water systems are now covered by the requirements of the building [rules] as well as the water bye-laws .

Despite the fact that unvented hot water cylinders often come with all the components pre-fitted to the hot water cylinder , the Building Regulations require the use of an ‘ Approved Installer ’ — which means someone who has been on a proper training course .
despite the fact that unvented hot water cylinders often come with all the components pre-fitted to the hot water cylinder , the building [rules] require the use of an ‘ approved installer ’ — which means someone who has been on a proper training course .

Unlike fresh water plumbing , which is covered by the water bye-laws , the drainage system is covered by Building Regulations , which are administered by the Building Control Officer at your local authority and you must provide details of material alterations or additions that you propose to make to the drainage system of your house .
unlike fresh water plumbing , which is covered by the water bye-laws , the drainage system is covered by building [rules] , which are administered by the building control officer at your local authority and you must provide details of material alterations or additions that you propose to make to the drainage system of your house .

It is very important that the water remains in traps — and , in fact , the Building Regulations are contravened if it does n't .
it is very important that the water remains in traps — and , in fact , the building [rules] are contravened if it does n't .

Since the work is covered by Building Regulations , you will need to inform your local authority ; they may well tell you the type of trench necessary , the ways the drains have to be laid in them depending on local soil conditions and the material to be used for the drains .
since the work is covered by building [rules] , you will need to inform your local authority ; they may well tell you the type of trench necessary , the ways the drains have to be laid in them depending on local soil conditions and the material to be used for the drains .

As with any type of building work requiring Building Regulations approval , the Building Control Officer will want to inspect the work at various stages as well as approving the plans .
as with any type of building work requiring building [rules] approval , the building control officer will want to inspect the work at various stages as well as approving the plans .

Heedless of seatbelt regulations , she leaned across and gripped her shoulder .
heedless of seatbelt [rules] , she leaned across and gripped her shoulder .

’ Florian praised her exuberantly as they retraced their steps a little later , having discussed the United States ' and Taiwan 's regulations and requirements concerning such exchange schemes .
’ florian praised her exuberantly as they retraced their steps a little later , having discussed the united states ' and taiwan 's [rules] and requirements concerning such exchange schemes .

According to the Council Regulations agreed by transport ministers on 22 June 1992 , total free trade in air services between and within countries must wait until 1997 ; only then will it be possible for airlines to operate freely within particular countries , the so-called ‘ cabotage ’ rights .
according to the council [rules] agreed by transport ministers on 22 june 1992 , total free trade in air services between and within countries must wait until 1997 ; only then will it be possible for airlines to operate freely within particular countries , the so-called ‘ cabotage ’ rights .

Despite the best intent of the Air Services Regulations , each airline will therefore be extremely well placed to ‘ fight off ’ any intrusive and unwelcome competition .
despite the best intent of the air services [rules] , each airline will therefore be extremely well placed to ‘ fight off ’ any intrusive and unwelcome competition .

The Treaty of Rome requires that its provisions , and many very important regulations and decisions by the Community institutions established under the Treaty , be incorporated as part of the internal laws of all Member States .
the treaty of rome requires that its provisions , and many very important [rules] and decisions by the community institutions established under the treaty , be incorporated as part of the internal laws of all member states .

The Treaty of Rome indeed differs from other international treaties in this important respect : it requires that its provisions , and those made by amendments to it ( such as the Single European Act and the Maastricht Treaty ) , as well as all the regulations issued by the institutions which it establishes , be incorporated directly into the legal systems of the Member States .
the treaty of rome indeed differs from other international treaties in this important respect : it requires that its provisions , and those made by amendments to it ( such as the single european act and the maastricht treaty ) , as well as all the [rules] issued by the institutions which it establishes , be incorporated directly into the legal systems of the member states .

Notice that few of these regulations have any direct influence upon the direction of insurance companies ' investment funds .
notice that few of these [rules] have any direct influence upon the direction of insurance companies ' investment funds .

How would you expect the February 1988 changes in building society regulations to affect their sources and destination of funds ?
how would you expect the february 1988 changes in building society [rules] to affect their sources and destination of funds ?

To ensure that the Bank can maintain an acceptable degree of influence over short-term rates , the monetary control regulations introduced in 1981 required that banks maintain with the discount market funds equal to a daily minimum of 4 per cent and a monthly average of 6 per cent of their ‘ eligible ’ liabilities .
to ensure that the bank can maintain an acceptable degree of influence over short-term rates , the monetary control [rules] introduced in 1981 required that banks maintain with the discount market funds equal to a daily minimum of 4 per cent and a monthly average of 6 per cent of their ‘ eligible ’ liabilities .

This chapter summarises the main Acts of Parliament concerned with or directly relevant to education , together with a small number of particularly important ministerial circulars , regulations and orders .
this chapter summarises the main acts of parliament concerned with or directly relevant to education , together with a small number of particularly important ministerial circulars , [rules] and orders .

1967 Rate Support Grant ( Pooling Arrangements ) Regulations
1967 rate support grant ( pooling arrangements ) [rules]

Under the 1966 Local Government Act , these Regulations provided for the pooling of expenses incurred by LEAs on teacher training , advanced further education , the education of pupils not belonging to the area of any authority , and the training of educational psychologists .
under the 1966 local government act , these [rules] provided for the pooling of expenses incurred by leas on teacher training , advanced further education , the education of pupils not belonging to the area of any authority , and the training of educational psychologists .

1975 Direct Grant Grammar Schools ( Cessation of Grant ) Regulations
1975 direct grant grammar schools ( cessation of grant ) [rules]

These Regulations specified how and when direct grants were to be phased out .
these [rules] specified how and when direct grants were to be phased out .

The Assisted Places Scheme was created , whereby pupils can be transferred from maintained to particular independent schools , with the government p paying part or all of the tuition fees ; the Secretary of State was authorised to establish the details of the scheme by issuing regulations .
the assisted places scheme was created , whereby pupils can be transferred from maintained to particular independent schools , with the government p paying part or all of the tuition fees ; the secretary of state was authorised to establish the details of the scheme by issuing [rules] .

You can congratulate them on getting into the problem so quickly , discuss the flaw , come to a mutual agreement about definitions or regulations , or dictate further instructions as needed .
you can congratulate them on getting into the problem so quickly , discuss the flaw , come to a mutual agreement about definitions or [rules] , or dictate further instructions as needed .

The ceiling is too low and the windows were stuck in the middle of each wall only because you 've got to have windows to satisfy the regulations .
the ceiling is too low and the windows were stuck in the middle of each wall only because you 've got to have windows to satisfy the [rules] .

This is the sort of place would satisfy regulations .
this is the sort of place would satisfy [rules] .

It might even satisfy the drab clerk who wrote the regulations .
it might even satisfy the drab clerk who wrote the [rules] .

Other upland pasture with such regulations includes the Clee Hills .
other upland pasture with such [rules] includes the clee hills .

This system was well developed by the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , with complex regulations to control the use of the water .
this system was well developed by the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , with complex [rules] to control the use of the water .

This was naturally unpopular with the existing brewers and in Hertfordshire , new regulations were put in place , restricting the numbers of ale houses and their opening hours .
this was naturally unpopular with the existing brewers and in hertfordshire , new [rules] were put in place , restricting the numbers of ale houses and their opening hours .

In March , legislation in the United States confirmed further regulations that will halve the permitted levels of particulate , or smoke , emissions from diesel urban buses by 1996 .
in march , legislation in the united states confirmed further [rules] that will halve the permitted levels of particulate , or smoke , emissions from diesel urban buses by 1996 .

We know from records of royal instructions that these regulations were made : what the evidence of extant coins proves is that they were actually carried out .
we know from records of royal instructions that these [rules] were made : what the evidence of extant coins proves is that they were actually carried out .

The regulations issued in 864 give debasement , and ensuing loss of confidence , as the reasons for the recoinage .
the [rules] issued in 864 give debasement , and ensuing loss of confidence , as the reasons for the recoinage .

To reward the faithful service of count or young man in the palace , the king granted , out of the extensive and farflung royal estates , beneficia — benefices : the very term , meaning `` good deeds `` , implied something personal and arbitrary , outwith the normal regulations governing family inheritance .
to reward the faithful service of count or young man in the palace , the king granted , out of the extensive and farflung royal estates , beneficia — benefices : the very term , meaning `` good deeds `` , implied something personal and arbitrary , outwith the normal [rules] governing family inheritance .

The evidence lies in two imposing series of texts , the records of church councils , and the statutes ( regulations for the performance of sacramental and pastoral duties ) issued by bishops and archbishops for their lower clergy .
the evidence lies in two imposing series of texts , the records of church councils , and the statutes ( [rules] for the performance of sacramental and pastoral duties ) issued by bishops and archbishops for their lower clergy .

Thus , the good manager needs the energy as well as the interest to transmit to others an understanding of obscure but still important requirements and regulations .
thus , the good manager needs the energy as well as the interest to transmit to others an understanding of obscure but still important requirements and [rules] .

The government has just introduced new regulations about the tread on car tyres .
the government has just introduced new [rules] about the tread on car tyres .

It sounds straightforward , but became like a marathon through a molasses maze of rules , regulations and other difficulties before securing a profitable sale .
it sounds straightforward , but became like a marathon through a molasses maze of rules , [rules] and other difficulties before securing a profitable sale .

clarifying administrative details , eg starting and finishing times , appropriate forms of dress , insurance , health and safety regulations , confidentiality ;
clarifying administrative details , eg starting and finishing times , appropriate forms of dress , insurance , health and safety [rules] , confidentiality ;

The purpose of the 1944 Regulations , and by inference like legislation , was to protect employees against the consequences of doing things by reason of inadvertence or inattention which they would not normally do .
the purpose of the 1944 [rules] , and by inference like legislation , was to protect employees against the consequences of doing things by reason of inadvertence or inattention which they would not normally do .

Engineers should therefore seek appropriate professional advice at an early stage if they have doubts about the application of the law or regulations in a particular situation .
engineers should therefore seek appropriate professional advice at an early stage if they have doubts about the application of the law or [rules] in a particular situation .

For instance , The Health and Safety at Work Act ( 1974 ) and its associated regulations , impose duties on persons who design , manufacture , import or supply articles for use at work to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , that they are safe , and to test them , provide proper information , carry out research with a view to the elimination of risks and to carry out other duties .
for instance , the health and safety at work act ( 1974 ) and its associated [rules] , impose duties on persons who design , manufacture , import or supply articles for use at work to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , that they are safe , and to test them , provide proper information , carry out research with a view to the elimination of risks and to carry out other duties .

Businesses operate within such a framework ; they must observe planning regulations and comply with employment legislation .
businesses operate within such a framework ; they must observe planning [rules] and comply with employment legislation .

They should set an example by observing rules and regulations , using protective equipment , etc .
they should set an example by observing rules and [rules] , using protective equipment , etc .

Comply with Regulations
comply with [rules]

It is very hard for regulations to cover the interactions of complete systems in complex process plants , for example .
it is very hard for [rules] to cover the interactions of complete systems in complex process plants , for example .

It is all too easy to lead to the conclusion that compliance with regulations is all that is required for safety , i.e .
it is all too easy to lead to the conclusion that compliance with [rules] is all that is required for safety , i.e .

regulations did not require remote but potential hazardous events to be assessed systematically
[rules] did not require remote but potential hazardous events to be assessed systematically

company standing orders and regulations revised to promote uniformity of practice throughout ships of the fleet
company standing orders and [rules] revised to promote uniformity of practice throughout ships of the fleet

regulations regarding stability calculations reviewed
[rules] regarding stability calculations reviewed

Building Regulations dealt with progressive collapse and effect of fire on a building as a whole
building [rules] dealt with progressive collapse and effect of fire on a building as a whole

They fell victims , along with others , to the belief that if a building complied with the existing building regulations and Codes of Practice it must be deemed to be safe .
they fell victims , along with others , to the belief that if a building complied with the existing building [rules] and codes of practice it must be deemed to be safe .

Seek professional advice at an early stage if you have any doubts about the appropriate application of the law or regulations .
seek professional advice at an early stage if you have any doubts about the appropriate application of the law or [rules] .

Balance reliance on codes of practice with project–specific risk assessment ; be open–minded and do not hide behind regulations .
balance reliance on codes of practice with project–specific risk assessment ; be open–minded and do not hide behind [rules] .

Elementary schools were free and governed under one set of regulations .
elementary schools were free and governed under one set of [rules] .

a The form of a statutory notice , i.e. for Structure Plan and Local Plan intention to prepare/submission/modification should follow that set out in the Town and County Planning ( Structure and Local Plans ) ( Scotland ) Regulations 1983. ( 1983 No 1590 ( s. 149 ) ) .
a the form of a statutory notice , i.e. for structure plan and local plan intention to prepare/submission/modification should follow that set out in the town and county planning ( structure and local plans ) ( scotland ) [rules] 1983. ( 1983 no 1590 ( s. 149 ) ) .

c There are certain minimum requirements for location and timing of statutory notices , and these are set out in the Regulations . These can be summarised as :
c there are certain minimum requirements for location and timing of statutory notices , and these are set out in the [rules] . these can be summarised as :

iv Should meet the capacity/layout requirements of the meeting within the restrictions set by the safety regulations ( see para 22 a , iv )
iv should meet the capacity/layout requirements of the meeting within the restrictions set by the safety [rules] ( see para 22 a , iv )

3 The compliance with Health and Safety Regulations was emphasised .
3 the compliance with health and safety [rules] was emphasised .

Anybody not complying with these regulations will be removed from site immediately .
anybody not complying with these [rules] will be removed from site immediately .

These regulations apply to all personnel on site , including visitors .
these [rules] apply to all personnel on site , including visitors .

However , the difficulty of enforcing the regulations in more remote communities and villages can be appreciated .
however , the difficulty of enforcing the [rules] in more remote communities and villages can be appreciated .

University regulations on the deposit of copies of theses vary considerably , even within single countries such as Britain .
university [rules] on the deposit of copies of theses vary considerably , even within single countries such as britain .

Generally , university libraries are seen as the primary repositories for such material , and in many cases , the regulations on access are drawn up by the library authorities , and ratified by the university governing body .
generally , university libraries are seen as the primary repositories for such material , and in many cases , the [rules] on access are drawn up by the library authorities , and ratified by the university governing body .

Most universities have regulations as to who may or may not consult or borrow theses , for how long , and how such material must be treated in the borrowing library .
most universities have [rules] as to who may or may not consult or borrow theses , for how long , and how such material must be treated in the borrowing library .

Common to nearly all such regulations is the requirement that the consulter or borrower must sign a statement recognising the rights of the university and/or the author , in matters of copyright of the content of the thesis .
common to nearly all such [rules] is the requirement that the consulter or borrower must sign a statement recognising the rights of the university and/or the author , in matters of copyright of the content of the thesis .

For those universities producing the largest numbers of theses , it was considered that personal visits to their libraries for examination of the consultation records was desirable , so as also to study storage conditions , ease of access , and to discuss regulations on access , loan , and copying with the relevant library staff .
for those universities producing the largest numbers of theses , it was considered that personal visits to their libraries for examination of the consultation records was desirable , so as also to study storage conditions , ease of access , and to discuss [rules] on access , loan , and copying with the relevant library staff .

Subsequent use of the theses was unsupervised , and it appeared that enforcement of the regulations was not a high priority .
subsequent use of the theses was unsupervised , and it appeared that enforcement of the [rules] was not a high priority .

Since most theses are lent for a period of one month , it could be that most borrowers are able to digest the contents of theses within this period , but , due to the widespread availability of photocopiers , it is suspected that the regulations on thesis copying are frequently broken .
since most theses are lent for a period of one month , it could be that most borrowers are able to digest the contents of theses within this period , but , due to the widespread availability of photocopiers , it is suspected that the [rules] on thesis copying are frequently broken .

The 96-article `` Statutes Governing Relations Between People in the Taiwan Region and People in the Mainland Region `` opened the way for visits to Taiwan by Chinese communists , and set out regulations for cross-strait marriages , divorces , inheritance and employment of workers from the mainland .
the 96-article `` statutes governing relations between people in the taiwan region and people in the mainland region `` opened the way for visits to taiwan by chinese communists , and set out [rules] for cross-strait marriages , divorces , inheritance and employment of workers from the mainland .

In June the Mehran Bank was barred from accepting deposits after allegations of financial irregularities centring on the contravention of lending and overdraft regulations .
in june the mehran bank was barred from accepting deposits after allegations of financial irregularities centring on the contravention of lending and overdraft [rules] .

For beef the Commission was still obliged to buy in surpluses but the regulations were tightened .
for beef the commission was still obliged to buy in surpluses but the [rules] were tightened .

New investor regulations had been introduced in 1988 , and at the beginning of 1990 a new International Business Companies Act became operational .
new investor [rules] had been introduced in 1988 , and at the beginning of 1990 a new international business companies act became operational .

With religious leaders continuing to lead anti-government protests [ see p. 38804 ] , a pro-democracy rally condemned as `` subversive `` by the government was banned on Aug. 29 because of `` security regulations `` .
with religious leaders continuing to lead anti-government protests [ see p. 38804 ] , a pro-democracy rally condemned as `` subversive `` by the government was banned on aug. 29 because of `` security [rules] `` .

These included regulations covering the registration of political parties and a number of amendments to the Constitution which were reported to include the implementation of a semi-presidential regime , with executive powers vested in a prime minister .
these included [rules] covering the registration of political parties and a number of amendments to the constitution which were reported to include the implementation of a semi-presidential regime , with executive powers vested in a prime minister .

Initially Ramos expressed no opposition to the ruling but , on Aug. 17 , he altered his position following pressure from central bank governor Cuisia who had said that individuals would not be let off past breaches ; Justice Secretary Franklin Drilon , who had initially merely commented that the judge had made an erroneous decision , since the new regulations were not even in effect at the time of the ruling , later instructed government lawyers to investigate the possibility of an appeal against the dismissal of charges .
initially ramos expressed no opposition to the ruling but , on aug. 17 , he altered his position following pressure from central bank governor cuisia who had said that individuals would not be let off past breaches ; justice secretary franklin drilon , who had initially merely commented that the judge had made an erroneous decision , since the new [rules] were not even in effect at the time of the ruling , later instructed government lawyers to investigate the possibility of an appeal against the dismissal of charges .

These included ( i ) a 90-day moratorium on new federal regulations which could hamper growth , and a fundamental review of all existing regulations ; ( ii ) an instruction to all Cabinet departments and federal agencies `` to speed up pro-growth expenditure `` , which would infuse an extra $ 10,000 million into the economy in the next six months ; ( iii ) a change in the federal tax withholding schedules which would stimulate domestic demand by returning some $ 25,000 million to the economy over the next 12 months ; and ( iv ) a commitment to work with the Federal Reserve Board to hold down interest rates and inflation .
these included ( i ) a 90-day moratorium on new federal [rules] which could hamper growth , and a fundamental review of all existing [rules] ; ( ii ) an instruction to all cabinet departments and federal agencies `` to speed up pro-growth expenditure `` , which would infuse an extra $ 10,000 million into the economy in the next six months ; ( iii ) a change in the federal tax withholding schedules which would stimulate domestic demand by returning some $ 25,000 million to the economy over the next 12 months ; and ( iv ) a commitment to work with the federal reserve board to hold down interest rates and inflation .

He also promised significant changes in the regulations currently applied to the securities industry .
he also promised significant changes in the [rules] currently applied to the securities industry .

An advocate of more liberal government , Goh had already relaxed Singapore 's strict censorship regulations and promised greater spending on social services .
an advocate of more liberal government , goh had already relaxed singapore 's strict censorship [rules] and promised greater spending on social services .

The distribution was apparently hampered by strict curfew regulations , imposed in the occupied territories as a security measure since the morning of Jan. 16 in view of the level of popular support for Saddam Hussein and to ward off a fresh upsurge in the Palestinian intifada .
the distribution was apparently hampered by strict curfew [rules] , imposed in the occupied territories as a security measure since the morning of jan. 16 in view of the level of popular support for saddam hussein and to ward off a fresh upsurge in the palestinian intifada .

Bank failures — Overhaul of banking regulations
bank failures — overhaul of banking [rules]

Anniversary of suppression of pro-democracy movement — Imposition of new regulations on demonstrations
anniversary of suppression of pro-democracy movement — imposition of new [rules] on demonstrations

The authorities also drafted regulations to circumscribe public activity in Tiananmen Square itself , which included the prohibition of any memorial activity and of `` joking and playing , sitting and lying down on the ground `` .
the authorities also drafted [rules] to circumscribe public activity in tiananmen square itself , which included the prohibition of any memorial activity and of `` joking and playing , sitting and lying down on the ground `` .

On June 17 the authorities published the text of new regulations which tightened existing restrictions on demonstrations .
on june 17 the authorities published the text of new [rules] which tightened existing restrictions on demonstrations .

In addition to making it more difficult to organize a legal protest , the regulations gave the authorities the right to use `` all police measures `` to suppress illegal demonstrations .
in addition to making it more difficult to organize a legal protest , the [rules] gave the authorities the right to use `` all police measures `` to suppress illegal demonstrations .

The opposition Union of Democratic Forces called for a campaign of protest and civil disobedience , condemning Nabiyev 's election as `` a reactionary communist coup `` and demanding the lifting of the emergency regulations , the dissolution of the Supreme Soviet and popular presidential elections .
the opposition union of democratic forces called for a campaign of protest and civil disobedience , condemning nabiyev 's election as `` a reactionary communist coup `` and demanding the lifting of the emergency [rules] , the dissolution of the supreme soviet and popular presidential elections .

In June among the initial measures of Cresson 's government were bills providing for ( i ) hospital reform ( designed to tighten government regulations over private components of the national health system , approved by the National Assembly on its first reading on April 29 , by the Senate on June 7 and finally by the National Assembly on June 19 and prompting protests by 60,000-100,000 people on June 11 ) ; ( ii ) tougher penalties for desecrating graves ( approved on June 14 following the desecration of Jewish graves in Carpentras in May 1990 — see p. 37468 ; for earlier legislation against racism see p. 37683 ) ; and ( iii ) restrictions on telephone tapping ( the latter receiving the approval of the National Assembly on June 13 and of the Senate on June 25 ) .
in june among the initial measures of cresson 's government were bills providing for ( i ) hospital reform ( designed to tighten government [rules] over private components of the national health system , approved by the national assembly on its first reading on april 29 , by the senate on june 7 and finally by the national assembly on june 19 and prompting protests by 60,000-100,000 people on june 11 ) ; ( ii ) tougher penalties for desecrating graves ( approved on june 14 following the desecration of jewish graves in carpentras in may 1990 — see p. 37468 ; for earlier legislation against racism see p. 37683 ) ; and ( iii ) restrictions on telephone tapping ( the latter receiving the approval of the national assembly on june 13 and of the senate on june 25 ) .

The Commission imposed a four-year supervision order in August 1990 against the West German company Advanced Nuclear Fuels GmbH for serious violations of safety regulations when it transported 130 kg of enriched uranium through Luxembourg in what purported to be empty containers .
the commission imposed a four-year supervision order in august 1990 against the west german company advanced nuclear fuels gmbh for serious violations of safety [rules] when it transported 130 kg of enriched uranium through luxembourg in what purported to be empty containers .

Three of the conditions — the repeal of the state of emergency regulations , legalization of banned opposition parties , and negotiations with representative political groups — had been met .
three of the conditions — the repeal of the state of emergency [rules] , legalization of banned opposition parties , and negotiations with representative political groups — had been met .

The 45 articles of the accord provided a framework for dealing with questions of product standardization , and other matters relating to customs regulations .
the 45 articles of the accord provided a framework for dealing with questions of product standardization , and other matters relating to customs [rules] .

To combat Sendero Luminoso activities in their strongholds in the southern departments of the country , state of emergency regulations were extended on April 18 to cover eight more provinces .
to combat sendero luminoso activities in their strongholds in the southern departments of the country , state of emergency [rules] were extended on april 18 to cover eight more provinces .

Under the emergency regulations , currently affecting more than two-thirds of the country and 50 per cent of the population , all constitutional guarantees contained in Articles 7 , 9 and 10 of the Constitution were suspended and the army was placed in full control of internal order .
under the emergency [rules] , currently affecting more than two-thirds of the country and 50 per cent of the population , all constitutional guarantees contained in articles 7 , 9 and 10 of the constitution were suspended and the army was placed in full control of internal order .

The region 's leader , Milan Babic , announced that Krajina was a federal unit in which the laws and regulations of the Republic of Serbia applied .
the region 's leader , milan babic , announced that krajina was a federal unit in which the laws and [rules] of the republic of serbia applied .

The Oil and Gas Workers ' Union had threatened to disrupt production by collective resignations and by shutting leaking pipelines as required by safety regulations .
the oil and gas workers ' union had threatened to disrupt production by collective resignations and by shutting leaking pipelines as required by safety [rules] .

Reports said that more than 400 Iraqis and Palestinians had been deported across the border to Iraq since June 9 , in contravention of Gulf ceasefire regulations [ see pp. 38164-65 ] and of the fourth Geneva Convention prohibiting the forcible repatriation of civilians who feared persecution .
reports said that more than 400 iraqis and palestinians had been deported across the border to iraq since june 9 , in contravention of gulf ceasefire [rules] [ see pp. 38164-65 ] and of the fourth geneva convention prohibiting the forcible repatriation of civilians who feared persecution .

The sudden increase in immigration was a direct result of the impending implementation on July 1 of a new emigration regulations which required all emigrants to leave on a Soviet passport .
the sudden increase in immigration was a direct result of the impending implementation on july 1 of a new emigration [rules] which required all emigrants to leave on a soviet passport .

Some conservative councils were reportedly attempting to circumvent the non-racial regulations by charging high entrance fees for facilities including libraries and swimming pools , or by declaring township dwellers to be non-residents and therefore ineligible .
some conservative councils were reportedly attempting to circumvent the non-racial [rules] by charging high entrance fees for facilities including libraries and swimming pools , or by declaring township dwellers to be non-residents and therefore ineligible .

Student loan requirements and regulations were tightened to limit defaults on payments .
student loan requirements and [rules] were tightened to limit defaults on payments .

The European Court of Human Rights on Oct. 25 condemned United Kingdom regulations which denied prisoners legal recourse over government decisions extending their prison terms or recalling former inmates to prison .
the european court of human rights on oct. 25 condemned united kingdom [rules] which denied prisoners legal recourse over government decisions extending their prison terms or recalling former inmates to prison .

Similar regulations had allowed foreigners to vote in the five eastern Länder .
similar [rules] had allowed foreigners to vote in the five eastern länder .

( 4 ) It shall be the task of the all-German legislator to introduce regulations no later than Dec. 31 , 1992 , which ensure better protection of unborn life and provide a better solution in conformity with the constitution of conflict situations faced by pregnant women — notably through legally guaranteed entitlements for women , first and foremost to advice and public support — than is the case in either part of Germany at present .
( 4 ) it shall be the task of the all-german legislator to introduce [rules] no later than dec. 31 , 1992 , which ensure better protection of unborn life and provide a better solution in conformity with the constitution of conflict situations faced by pregnant women — notably through legally guaranteed entitlements for women , first and foremost to advice and public support — than is the case in either part of germany at present .

Under regulations which came into operation in January 1990 [ see p. 36807 ] some 70 products were now traded tariff-free within the sub-region .
under [rules] which came into operation in january 1990 [ see p. 36807 ] some 70 products were now traded tariff-free within the sub-region .

The July regulations imposed tariffs up to 20 times higher than before on goods not intended for personal use .
the july [rules] imposed tariffs up to 20 times higher than before on goods not intended for personal use .

The government introduced in Parliament on March 12 a policy paper and tabled draft legislation intended to repeal 187 laws and innumerable regulations enforcing white ownership of 87 per cent of South Africa 's land .
the government introduced in parliament on march 12 a policy paper and tabled draft legislation intended to repeal 187 laws and innumerable [rules] enforcing white ownership of 87 per cent of south africa 's land .

Some emergency regulations restricting political meetings and propaganda were relaxed ( except in the northern and eastern provinces ) with effect from March 29 , so that campaigning could proceed for the May 11 local elections in seven provinces .
some emergency [rules] restricting political meetings and propaganda were relaxed ( except in the northern and eastern provinces ) with effect from march 29 , so that campaigning could proceed for the may 11 local elections in seven provinces .

Three of the defendants were additionally convicted of violating arms and ammunition regulations .
three of the defendants were additionally convicted of violating arms and ammunition [rules] .

On the question of unresolved property claims ( numbering 1,200,000 , of which 10,000 were for businesses ) the Cabinet agreed on March 12 that until the end of 1992 investors who created or sustained jobs should be given priority over previous owners [ for agreement on property rights and ownership regulations in unification treaty see pp. 37536 ; 37661 ] .
on the question of unresolved property claims ( numbering 1,200,000 , of which 10,000 were for businesses ) the cabinet agreed on march 12 that until the end of 1992 investors who created or sustained jobs should be given priority over previous owners [ for agreement on property rights and ownership [rules] in unification treaty see pp. 37536 ; 37661 ] .

They abolished 50 existing laws and 36 agencies involved in regulating foreign trade , to ( i ) lift all quotas on imports and exports ; ( ii ) end trade controls except those protecting health care , urban planning , competition policy and environmental protection ; ( iii ) phase out regulation on domestic production and prices ; ( iv ) allow employers to negotiate wages at company level rather than with national unions ; ( v ) abolish regulations covering labour contracts and business hours ; ( vi ) prevent professional bodies fixing fees nationally ; and ( vii ) phase out the controls of State Boards to regulate production and sale of such key products as beef , wine , sugar , cotton and tobacco .
they abolished 50 existing laws and 36 agencies involved in regulating foreign trade , to ( i ) lift all quotas on imports and exports ; ( ii ) end trade controls except those protecting health care , urban planning , competition policy and environmental protection ; ( iii ) phase out regulation on domestic production and prices ; ( iv ) allow employers to negotiate wages at company level rather than with national unions ; ( v ) abolish [rules] covering labour contracts and business hours ; ( vi ) prevent professional bodies fixing fees nationally ; and ( vii ) phase out the controls of state boards to regulate production and sale of such key products as beef , wine , sugar , cotton and tobacco .

Under the new regulations , local representatives with power to enforce presidential and parliamentary decrees would be appointed .
under the new [rules] , local representatives with power to enforce presidential and parliamentary decrees would be appointed .

Regulations for the Ukrainian army were being drafted , following criticism from the Supreme Soviet in a statement in April over the slow formation of Ukrainian armed forces .
[rules] for the ukrainian army were being drafted , following criticism from the supreme soviet in a statement in april over the slow formation of ukrainian armed forces .

The Prosecutor 's Office in Warsaw opened an investigation into breaches of currency regulations on Nov. 28 .
the prosecutor 's office in warsaw opened an investigation into breaches of currency [rules] on nov. 28 .

Californian petrol regulations
californian petrol [rules]

In the United States the State of California 's Air Resources Board announced new regulations for petrol on Nov. 24 , requiring a 30 per cent cut in emissions of air pollutants by March 1996 .
in the united states the state of california 's air resources board announced new [rules] for petrol on nov. 24 , requiring a 30 per cent cut in emissions of air pollutants by march 1996 .

Parliament adopted regulations in late August 1990 which a required foreign publication to obtain an annual permit if more than 300 copies were distributed in Singapore or if it carried articles on politics `` in any country in south-east Asia `` .
parliament adopted [rules] in late august 1990 which a required foreign publication to obtain an annual permit if more than 300 copies were distributed in singapore or if it carried articles on politics `` in any country in south-east asia `` .

The reforms , which were discussed at a two-day conference in Brisbane , were designed to eliminate regional differences in regulations and services .
the reforms , which were discussed at a two-day conference in brisbane , were designed to eliminate regional differences in [rules] and services .

In return the states agreed to co-operate with the federal government in reducing duplication of health and welfare services , cutting losses in state-owned businesses , co-ordinating infrastructure spending , and harmonizing regulations in areas such as environmental protection and professional qualifications .
in return the states agreed to co-operate with the federal government in reducing duplication of health and welfare services , cutting losses in state-owned businesses , co-ordinating infrastructure spending , and harmonizing [rules] in areas such as environmental protection and professional qualifications .

In early October 1990 the government attempted to restore confidence by announcing tougher regulations to limit the scope of the sort of corporate flamboyance which had characterized much of the 1980s .
in early october 1990 the government attempted to restore confidence by announcing tougher [rules] to limit the scope of the sort of corporate flamboyance which had characterized much of the 1980s .

The Constitution also allowed a majority of MPs to declare the existence of a threat , and then to pass emergency laws and regulations to override all other parts of the Constitution .
the constitution also allowed a majority of mps to declare the existence of a threat , and then to pass emergency laws and [rules] to override all other parts of the constitution .

Earlier the government had approved amendments codifying foreign exchange regulations to enable foreign companies to repatriate profits .
earlier the government had approved amendments codifying foreign exchange [rules] to enable foreign companies to repatriate profits .

On Oct. 12 three former Matrix Churchill executives had come to trial charged with breaching export regulations over a period of more than two years prior to Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait in August 1990 , in particular by falsely describing the equipment as for civilian use .
on oct. 12 three former matrix churchill executives had come to trial charged with breaching export [rules] over a period of more than two years prior to iraq 's invasion of kuwait in august 1990 , in particular by falsely describing the equipment as for civilian use .

In California the electorate rejected by the unexpectedly wide margin of 64 to 36 per cent the controversial Proposition 128 , otherwise known as " Big Green " , which had envisaged a range of stringent environmental regulations .
in california the electorate rejected by the unexpectedly wide margin of 64 to 36 per cent the controversial proposition 128 , otherwise known as " big green " , which had envisaged a range of stringent environmental [rules] .

Lukanov 's economic reform programme envisaged widespread privatization , land reform , an overhaul of the monetary and credit system , liberalization of foreign investment regulations and a new pricing policy .
lukanov 's economic reform programme envisaged widespread privatization , land reform , an overhaul of the monetary and credit system , liberalization of foreign investment [rules] and a new pricing policy .

The new Migration Regulations , amending the 1958 Migration Act , were the government 's response to the 1988 Fitzgerald report on immigration [ see pp .
the new migration [rules] , amending the 1958 migration act , were the government 's response to the 1988 fitzgerald report on immigration [ see pp .

Other measures included improvements in financial integration between central American countries , the linking of regional stock exchanges , and the upgrading of banking regulations and supervision .
other measures included improvements in financial integration between central american countries , the linking of regional stock exchanges , and the upgrading of banking [rules] and supervision .

On Dec. 20 the council established six free economic zones , within which businesses would be granted land rent exemptions for three years and preferential tax , customs and import-export regulations .
on dec. 20 the council established six free economic zones , within which businesses would be granted land rent exemptions for three years and preferential tax , customs and import-export [rules] .

The new regulations , requiring a two-thirds majority in both houses of parliament , were expected to be enacted in the first half of 1993 and would bring German immigration and asylum provisions broadly in line with those of other West European countries .
the new [rules] , requiring a two-thirds majority in both houses of parliament , were expected to be enacted in the first half of 1993 and would bring german immigration and asylum provisions broadly in line with those of other west european countries .

At the same time new regulations on imports were issued allowing the import of around 40 items , including consumer durables , computers , chemicals , shoes and vegetable and mineral oils , from countries other than India .
at the same time new [rules] on imports were issued allowing the import of around 40 items , including consumer durables , computers , chemicals , shoes and vegetable and mineral oils , from countries other than india .

The plan ruled out price freezes or regulations , the dollarization of the economy or the confiscation of funds invested in the financial market .
the plan ruled out price freezes or [rules] , the dollarization of the economy or the confiscation of funds invested in the financial market .

Controversy over the recent securities scandal [ see pp. 38913 ; 38967 ; 39008 ; 39053 ; 39099 ] intensified after three foreign banks implicated in the affair admitted , in evidence before a joint parliamentary committee investigating the scandal [ see p. 39053 ] , that they had contravened Indian banking regulations .
controversy over the recent securities scandal [ see pp. 38913 ; 38967 ; 39008 ; 39053 ; 39099 ] intensified after three foreign banks implicated in the affair admitted , in evidence before a joint parliamentary committee investigating the scandal [ see p. 39053 ] , that they had contravened indian banking [rules] .

On Oct. 2 Bank of America also admitted that it had contravened central bank regulations and diverted large deposits of public funds to securities transactions .
on oct. 2 bank of america also admitted that it had contravened central bank [rules] and diverted large deposits of public funds to securities transactions .

The code was the first instalment of new ethics regulations which Clinton had promised would distinguish his administration from those of his predecessors .
the code was the first instalment of new ethics [rules] which clinton had promised would distinguish his administration from those of his predecessors .

However , government leaders showed more willingness to encourage debate and more open government and took a more pragmatic approach to economic matters , including the preparation of regulations to encourage foreign private investment .
however , government leaders showed more willingness to encourage debate and more open government and took a more pragmatic approach to economic matters , including the preparation of [rules] to encourage foreign private investment .

Laws approving the formation of new parties and outlining new electoral regulations were passed by the National Assembly in July 1989 [ see p. 36834 ] .
laws approving the formation of new parties and outlining new electoral [rules] were passed by the national assembly in july 1989 [ see p. 36834 ] .

Even after the first national curriculum was quietly abandoned , elementary schools remained under the general regulations of the Board of Education , which meant in effect , continuing to teach history .
even after the first national curriculum was quietly abandoned , elementary schools remained under the general [rules] of the board of education , which meant in effect , continuing to teach history .

The secondary school regulations drawn up in 1904 stipulated that `` not less than 4½ hours per week must be allotted to English , Geography and History `` .
the secondary school [rules] drawn up in 1904 stipulated that `` not less than 4½ hours per week must be allotted to english , geography and history `` .

While most environmental health officers are keenly applying the new regulations , the shortage of staff coupled with the wide range of new products and processes which have to be assessed has resulted in a somewhat irregular interpretation and application of the Act .
while most environmental health officers are keenly applying the new [rules] , the shortage of staff coupled with the wide range of new products and processes which have to be assessed has resulted in a somewhat irregular interpretation and application of the act .

Not only is the professional designer faced with a wide variety of hygiene regulations , but in many cases fire officers disagree as to exactly how the fire risk which is inherent within any working kitchen can best be minimised . Other than restricting the kitchen to salad preparation , there is no other clear-cut answer , and if all restaurants were to offer only salads , surely that would antagonise the Vegetable Liberation Front and severly restrict turnover and profit !
not only is the professional designer faced with a wide variety of hygiene [rules] , but in many cases fire officers disagree as to exactly how the fire risk which is inherent within any working kitchen can best be minimised . other than restricting the kitchen to salad preparation , there is no other clear-cut answer , and if all restaurants were to offer only salads , surely that would antagonise the vegetable liberation front and severly restrict turnover and profit !

Despite food hygiene regulations and the Food Safety Act , it is surprising that one of the principal aids to compliance is often neglected ; where one would expect to see commercial refrigeration it is still not uncommon to find domestic style refrigerators and freezers .
despite food hygiene [rules] and the food safety act , it is surprising that one of the principal aids to compliance is often neglected ; where one would expect to see commercial refrigeration it is still not uncommon to find domestic style refrigerators and freezers .

sales and marketing manager for Whirpool Commercial , looks at the hygiene regulations that apply to the caterer , with particular reference to the Food Safety Act , highlighting the importance of using a commercial , rather than domestic microwave , and also looking at the economic and environmental benefits offered by a waste compactor .
sales and marketing manager for whirpool commercial , looks at the hygiene [rules] that apply to the caterer , with particular reference to the food safety act , highlighting the importance of using a commercial , rather than domestic microwave , and also looking at the economic and environmental benefits offered by a waste compactor .

The answer is that hygiene regulations stipulate that the caterer must use suitable equipment .
the answer is that hygiene [rules] stipulate that the caterer must use suitable equipment .

Selecting the right commercial model will not only ensure that you are complying with the food safety regulations , but will also in the long run reduce the repair and replacement costs .
selecting the right commercial model will not only ensure that you are complying with the food safety [rules] , but will also in the long run reduce the repair and replacement costs .

Reducing the volume of waste not only makes it more manageable and reduces the further risk of contravening the hygiene regulations , but since most local authorities or waste contractors charge for removal based on the volume , you will also make considerable savings on removal charges .
reducing the volume of waste not only makes it more manageable and reduces the further risk of contravening the hygiene [rules] , but since most local authorities or waste contractors charge for removal based on the volume , you will also make considerable savings on removal charges .

They jointly chose to ignore their employer 's orders and statutory safety regulations , by testing detonators without taking shelter .
they jointly chose to ignore their employer 's orders and statutory safety [rules] , by testing detonators without taking shelter .

In a typical example , the land will be bought by a development company ; a geological survey done by surveyors ; plans drawn up by architects ; the plans submitted to the local authority for approval and to check that they comply with the Building Regulations , which lay down minimum standards for public health and safety ; a builder engaged to construct the houses , who may sub-contract certain aspects of the work to specialist firms .
in a typical example , the land will be bought by a development company ; a geological survey done by surveyors ; plans drawn up by architects ; the plans submitted to the local authority for approval and to check that they comply with the building [rules] , which lay down minimum standards for public health and safety ; a builder engaged to construct the houses , who may sub-contract certain aspects of the work to specialist firms .

( b ) Whether the local authority will be liable for personal injury or property damage suffered by occupiers of houses which have been inspected and the Building Regulations not complied with .
( b ) whether the local authority will be liable for personal injury or property damage suffered by occupiers of houses which have been inspected and the building [rules] not complied with .

Statutory regulations applying to the industry state that all machines must be fitted with a guard .
statutory [rules] applying to the industry state that all machines must be fitted with a guard .

The defendant 's vehicle was in breach of the Construction and Use Regulations for motor vehicles .
the defendant 's vehicle was in breach of the construction and use [rules] for motor vehicles .

The enforcement method for the regulations was a criminal penalty .
the enforcement method for the [rules] was a criminal penalty .

It was held that the regulations did not give rise to an action for damages .
it was held that the [rules] did not give rise to an action for damages .

The statutory regulations provided that any working platform from which a person is likely to fall more than 6ft 6in , had to be at least 34 inches in width .
the statutory [rules] provided that any working platform from which a person is likely to fall more than 6ft 6in , had to be at least 34 inches in width .

Statutory regulations binding on both parties required crawling boards to be used on fragile roofs .
statutory [rules] binding on both parties required crawling boards to be used on fragile roofs .

The Welding Regulations 1970 impose a statutory duty on employers and employees that : `` safety goggles must as far as is practicable be worn at all times when welding operations are being carried out `` .
the welding [rules] 1970 impose a statutory duty on employers and employees that : `` safety goggles must as far as is practicable be worn at all times when welding operations are being carried out `` .

This is used with industrial safety statutes such as the Welding Regulations to give employees injured by a breach of statutory duty an action in damages .
this is used with industrial safety statutes such as the welding [rules] to give employees injured by a breach of statutory duty an action in damages .

Technical barriers — restriction on economic activities resulting from national rules and regulations .
technical barriers — restriction on economic activities resulting from national rules and [rules] .

These include technical specifications which hinder or prevent trade in goods ; rules and regulations governing services which hinder non-domestic companies from trading across frontiers ; discriminatory public procurement rules which limit tendering for government contracts to domestic companies , and legal obstacles faced by foreign companies seeking to set up subsidiaries in other member states .
these include technical specifications which hinder or prevent trade in goods ; rules and [rules] governing services which hinder non-domestic companies from trading across frontiers ; discriminatory public procurement rules which limit tendering for government contracts to domestic companies , and legal obstacles faced by foreign companies seeking to set up subsidiaries in other member states .

Regulations dated made by the Council of the Law Society with the concurrence of the Master of the Rolls under schedule 14 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 .
[rules] dated made by the council of the law society with the concurrence of the master of the rolls under schedule 14 of the courts and legal services act 1990 .

In these regulations : —
in these [rules] : —

These regulations shall come into force on .
these [rules] shall come into force on .

For Adam Smith in 1776 , laying down the philosophical system which was to become the ideological underpinning of the market economy , they were the greatest obstruction placed on the movement of labour for they affected even common labour , while the regulations of guilds and corporations restricted the movement only of artisans .
for adam smith in 1776 , laying down the philosophical system which was to become the ideological underpinning of the market economy , they were the greatest obstruction placed on the movement of labour for they affected even common labour , while the [rules] of guilds and corporations restricted the movement only of artisans .

Members of a trade regularly brought together in workplace or community could acknowledge regular leaders and develop and insist on customary work practices without embedding any of this in formal regulations and procedures .
members of a trade regularly brought together in workplace or community could acknowledge regular leaders and develop and insist on customary work practices without embedding any of this in formal [rules] and procedures .

Before the amendments made by the Copyright ( Computer Programs ) Regulations 1992 , there was no such provision although the courts may have been prepared to imply an appropriate term into a software licence where the making of a back-up copy was reasonably necessary to the use of the program in question .
before the amendments made by the copyright ( computer programs ) [rules] 1992 , there was no such provision although the courts may have been prepared to imply an appropriate term into a software licence where the making of a back-up copy was reasonably necessary to the use of the program in question .

The exceptions apply to new programs and programs in existence before 1st January 1993 ( the commencement date for the new regulations ) .
the exceptions apply to new programs and programs in existence before 1st january 1993 ( the commencement date for the new [rules] ) .

For example , a term prohibiting making a back-up copy in a pre-1993 agreement will not be made invalid by reason of the changes brought about by the regulations even if the making of a back-up copy is deemed to be necessary to the lawful use of the program .
for example , a term prohibiting making a back-up copy in a pre-1993 agreement will not be made invalid by reason of the changes brought about by the [rules] even if the making of a back-up copy is deemed to be necessary to the lawful use of the program .

The 1989 regulations are similar to the 1987 regulations in several respects ; for example , it is the topography of a semiconductor which is protected being , by regulation 2 , a design which is either : ( a ) the pattern fixed , or intended to be fixed , in or upon ( i ) a layer of a semiconductor product , or ( ii ) a layer of material in the course of and for the purpose of the manufacture of a semiconductor product , or ( b ) the arrangement of the patterns fixed , or intended to be fixed , in or upon the layers of a semiconductor product in relation to one another .
the 1989 [rules] are similar to the 1987 [rules] in several respects ; for example , it is the topography of a semiconductor which is protected being , by regulation 2 , a design which is either : ( a ) the pattern fixed , or intended to be fixed , in or upon ( i ) a layer of a semiconductor product , or ( ii ) a layer of material in the course of and for the purpose of the manufacture of a semiconductor product , or ( b ) the arrangement of the patterns fixed , or intended to be fixed , in or upon the layers of a semiconductor product in relation to one another .

These definitions are not very helpful being somewhat tautologous but despite that it is fairly plain that all original integrated circuits will be covered by the regulations .
these definitions are not very helpful being somewhat tautologous but despite that it is fairly plain that all original integrated circuits will be covered by the [rules] .

Normally , the ingenuity which requires protection is in the circuitry represented by the patterns formed by the conducting materials , but the regulations are wider in the sense that they will apply in situations where the ingenuity lies not so much in the horizontal patterns themselves but in the vertical arrangement of layers .
normally , the ingenuity which requires protection is in the circuitry represented by the patterns formed by the conducting materials , but the [rules] are wider in the sense that they will apply in situations where the ingenuity lies not so much in the horizontal patterns themselves but in the vertical arrangement of layers .

Incidentally , the printed circuit boards commonly found inside most electronic equipment , ranging from transistor radios to computers , are not protected by these regulations because , although comprised of layers ( usually two ) , neither layer is made from semiconductor material .
incidentally , the printed circuit boards commonly found inside most electronic equipment , ranging from transistor radios to computers , are not protected by these [rules] because , although comprised of layers ( usually two ) , neither layer is made from semiconductor material .

The recognition of computer-generated topographies is a useful improvement on the 1987 regulations .
the recognition of computer-generated topographies is a useful improvement on the 1987 [rules] .

By regulation 9 of the 1989 regulations , licences of right are not available in relation to semiconductors as they are with other designs ( such licences are normally available in the last five years of a design right ) .
by regulation 9 of the 1989 [rules] , licences of right are not available in relation to semiconductors as they are with other designs ( such licences are normally available in the last five years of a design right ) .

The following rights may be relevant to this computer system : Patent Being new , the computer may incorporate some new and patentable inventions Copyright The software on disk and the programs stored on the integrated circuits ( firmware ) and all accompanying documentation are protected under copyright law Semiconductor The topography of the integrated circuits Regulations containing the firmware Trade Marks The stylized name may be registered as a trade mark Registered Design The embossed pattern may be a registered design Design Right The new type of keyboard may fall within the scope of the new design right
the following rights may be relevant to this computer system : patent being new , the computer may incorporate some new and patentable inventions copyright the software on disk and the programs stored on the integrated circuits ( firmware ) and all accompanying documentation are protected under copyright law semiconductor the topography of the integrated circuits [rules] containing the firmware trade marks the stylized name may be registered as a trade mark registered design the embossed pattern may be a registered design design right the new type of keyboard may fall within the scope of the new design right

The work of this department covers ; the statutory regulations of the Association , the elections to Council , the administration for Council , Executive Committee ( and its working parties ) and the Board of Fellows , Hospitality , the Reference Book , the library and information office , advising members on employment and personnel issues , branch and overseas groups .
the work of this department covers ; the statutory [rules] of the association , the elections to council , the administration for council , executive committee ( and its working parties ) and the board of fellows , hospitality , the reference book , the library and information office , advising members on employment and personnel issues , branch and overseas groups .

In particular , she deals with the regulations of the Association , elections , publications , the Board of Fellows and assists the Director in the work of Council and the Executive Committee .
in particular , she deals with the [rules] of the association , elections , publications , the board of fellows and assists the director in the work of council and the executive committee .

The Group has also established detailed background information on the workings of the Food Safety Act 1990 and the Food Hygiene ( Amendment ) Regulations .
the group has also established detailed background information on the workings of the food safety act 1990 and the food hygiene ( amendment ) [rules] .

The forthcoming proposed regulations on Food Hygiene Training will continue to focus an emphasis on the work of the Technical Advisory Group and the value of the service of the information office .
the forthcoming proposed [rules] on food hygiene training will continue to focus an emphasis on the work of the technical advisory group and the value of the service of the information office .

Thus they will displace those firms that finance the social security systems , and will undermine established safety regulations .
thus they will displace those firms that finance the social security systems , and will undermine established safety [rules] .

It is vital that all members of staff , again at every level , are aware of the company 's progress and the company 's policies towards new development and regulations within the industry .
it is vital that all members of staff , again at every level , are aware of the company 's progress and the company 's policies towards new development and [rules] within the industry .

However , `` he added unexpectedly , `` we 're going to bend the regulations a little bit and let you see your children . ``
however , `` he added unexpectedly , `` we 're going to bend the [rules] a little bit and let you see your children . ``

Oddly for years , it remained permissible to use an iron or steel stemmer providing it was not upon the `` … wadding or the first part of the tamping or stemming on the powder … `` Furthermore it became against regulations to `` unramm `` a charge of powder which had mis-fired .
oddly for years , it remained permissible to use an iron or steel stemmer providing it was not upon the `` … wadding or the first part of the tamping or stemming on the powder … `` furthermore it became against [rules] to `` unramm `` a charge of powder which had mis-fired .

There are , however , regulations concerning the copyright and performing rights of programmes .
there are , however , [rules] concerning the copyright and performing rights of programmes .

About this time a change in the Department of Trade regulations regarding the qualifications of ships ' officers was being introduced .
about this time a change in the department of trade [rules] regarding the qualifications of ships ' officers was being introduced .

Although we were in fact exempt from this , our management wisely decided that we should fall in line with the principle of the new regulations .
although we were in fact exempt from this , our management wisely decided that we should fall in line with the principle of the new [rules] .

The studies were undertaken under Home Office and University of Birmingham regulations ensuring the humane treatment of animals at all times .
the studies were undertaken under home office and university of birmingham [rules] ensuring the humane treatment of animals at all times .

In reply to an enquiry from about the method of financing , pointed out that under existing regulations the new Division would be eligible for the Annual Divisional Grant , the current rate being £230 .
in reply to an enquiry from about the method of financing , pointed out that under existing [rules] the new division would be eligible for the annual divisional grant , the current rate being £230 .

Institute regulations require that certificates for new members are presented at Divisional Meetings ( with the exception of members overseas ) , to enable them to meet socially and hopefully to take an active part in Divisional affairs .
institute [rules] require that certificates for new members are presented at divisional meetings ( with the exception of members overseas ) , to enable them to meet socially and hopefully to take an active part in divisional affairs .

The proposals included the far-sighted proposals to amend the Legal Aid Regulations , so as to show the Bar 's determination that public funds should be efficiently used ; also to counter any suggestion of abuse of public funds by the Bar .
the proposals included the far-sighted proposals to amend the legal aid [rules] , so as to show the bar 's determination that public funds should be efficiently used ; also to counter any suggestion of abuse of public funds by the bar .

It has delegated authority under the Consolidated Regulations to grant such exemptions .
it has delegated authority under the consolidated [rules] to grant such exemptions .

In addition , it is responsible for formulating the policy for dealing with the various kinds of applications ( subject to the directions of the Bar Council and the Inns ' Council ) and for revising the Consolidated Regulations as and when necessary .
in addition , it is responsible for formulating the policy for dealing with the various kinds of applications ( subject to the directions of the bar council and the inns ' council ) and for revising the consolidated [rules] as and when necessary .

In addition to the case work , the committee has continued to keep the regulations under review and has considered a variety of amendments .
in addition to the case work , the committee has continued to keep the [rules] under review and has considered a variety of amendments .

Recent changes in the law and the regulations imposed by the Stock Exchange have allowed companies to ignore pre-emptive rights as long as the permission of the shareholders has been obtained .
recent changes in the law and the [rules] imposed by the stock exchange have allowed companies to ignore pre-emptive rights as long as the permission of the shareholders has been obtained .

We 're probably breaking Health and Safety regulations : there should be extractor fans .
we 're probably breaking health and safety [rules] : there should be extractor fans .

But , he added , appraisal had great potential to improve standards , and regulations requiring local authorities to introduce it would be brought forward eventually .
but , he added , appraisal had great potential to improve standards , and [rules] requiring local authorities to introduce it would be brought forward eventually .

It may also be possible to claim damages against a local authority for negligently failing to ensure that construction work complied with the relevant building regulations .
it may also be possible to claim damages against a local authority for negligently failing to ensure that construction work complied with the relevant building [rules] .

‘ The hardest thing is keeping it looking the same , ’ says Mr Poole , ‘ mainly because of modern health and safety regulations .
‘ the hardest thing is keeping it looking the same , ’ says mr poole , ‘ mainly because of modern health and safety [rules] .

The only persistent jarring note came from civil servants responsible for framing safety regulations and administering the various safety committees .
the only persistent jarring note came from civil servants responsible for framing safety [rules] and administering the various safety committees .

With the usual premium on daylight , which in the sub-continent disappears like a power cut , there will not be much of a gap between the breakfast gong and pavilion bell , and heavy over-rate fines have been written into the regulations .
with the usual premium on daylight , which in the sub-continent disappears like a power cut , there will not be much of a gap between the breakfast gong and pavilion bell , and heavy over-rate fines have been written into the [rules] .

But , as a result of the decay of the Forest organization , there was widespread disregard of these regulations .
but , as a result of the decay of the forest organization , there was widespread disregard of these [rules] .

There are regulations governing how much can be spent during election campaigns .
there are [rules] governing how much can be spent during election campaigns .

But those regulations do ensure that we , the populace , go about disposing of dead people in an orderly way .
but those [rules] do ensure that we , the populace , go about disposing of dead people in an orderly way .

One such was an Ajdabiyan municipal policeman , one of the body of men employed to enforce local traffic and marketing regulations , rules about the disposal of garbage — all those minor matters which make for such amenity as the growing towns manage to achieve .
one such was an ajdabiyan municipal policeman , one of the body of men employed to enforce local traffic and marketing [rules] , rules about the disposal of garbage — all those minor matters which make for such amenity as the growing towns manage to achieve .

Traffic was strictly regulated in Arcady , ground vehicles being confined to certain routes , especially those that were outside the city regulations concerning fuel effluent , such as the Star Eye trucks .
traffic was strictly regulated in arcady , ground vehicles being confined to certain routes , especially those that were outside the city [rules] concerning fuel effluent , such as the star eye trucks .

Tech-Green , in the interests of community and armed with their official regulations concerning public safety , would be quite within their rights to take Ari away from them .
tech-green , in the interests of community and armed with their official [rules] concerning public safety , would be quite within their rights to take ari away from them .

Now if the protracted labour and gestation period ever does give birth to a new set of regulations governing player registration in England , the likes of Shelford will not be able to play in the rugby competitions in this country .
now if the protracted labour and gestation period ever does give birth to a new set of [rules] governing player registration in england , the likes of shelford will not be able to play in the rugby competitions in this country .

When last read , the new regulations now being hatched quite rightly make the process of requalifying just as unattractive and that will drop the entire issue firmly back into the lap of player recruitment within this country , with all that entails .
when last read , the new [rules] now being hatched quite rightly make the process of requalifying just as unattractive and that will drop the entire issue firmly back into the lap of player recruitment within this country , with all that entails .

The clubs will wriggle like eels to try to get round whatever restrictions are formulated so the punishments for transgressions of the regulations have to be just as clearly defined as the crimes , and in their application those punishments have to come down as decisively as a guillotine .
the clubs will wriggle like eels to try to get round whatever restrictions are formulated so the punishments for transgressions of the [rules] have to be just as clearly defined as the crimes , and in their application those punishments have to come down as decisively as a guillotine .

If she is found healthy , regulations dictate that she must perform some useful service , which a prison spokeswoman , Miss Janet Jacobson , described as working in the grounds , or cleaning and tidying rooms as a maid .
if she is found healthy , [rules] dictate that she must perform some useful service , which a prison spokeswoman , miss janet jacobson , described as working in the grounds , or cleaning and tidying rooms as a maid .

My enthusiasm for that outcome will be increased with every hospital that becomes a market-orientated trust , every school which becomes self-governing and effectively selective , every Muslim family which is divided by arbitrary immigration regulations and every youth who is driven to sleep in a shop doorway .
my enthusiasm for that outcome will be increased with every hospital that becomes a market-orientated trust , every school which becomes self-governing and effectively selective , every muslim family which is divided by arbitrary immigration [rules] and every youth who is driven to sleep in a shop doorway .

Petrol engines also now need fuel injection , as well as electronic engine management systems and expensive catalytic converters to meet exhaust regulations , and even then they can not match the lean-burn diesel for most emissions .
petrol engines also now need fuel injection , as well as electronic engine management systems and expensive catalytic converters to meet exhaust [rules] , and even then they can not match the lean-burn diesel for most emissions .

This , however , needs fuel with a low sulphur content , and as European Community regulations call for this to be progressively reduced , the oil industry is having to undertake multi-million pound capital investment programmes .
this , however , needs fuel with a low sulphur content , and as european community [rules] call for this to be progressively reduced , the oil industry is having to undertake multi-million pound capital investment programmes .

Externally , walls can be of rendering , timber , brick , tile hung or stone — according to taste and planning regulations .
externally , walls can be of rendering , timber , brick , tile hung or stone — according to taste and planning [rules] .

Regulations about auditing pension funds hinder profitability , but without them nobody would get a fair pension .
[rules] about auditing pension funds hinder profitability , but without them nobody would get a fair pension .

There are regulations , laws and red tape .
there are [rules] , laws and red tape .

No regulations governed the hunt — anyone with a rifle and a boat could kill dolphins without a licence .
no [rules] governed the hunt — anyone with a rifle and a boat could kill dolphins without a licence .

No regulations relating to night sets apply to the non-US fleet .
no [rules] relating to night sets apply to the non-us fleet .

In both Spain and Italy , emergency regulations were introduced to impose a temporary moratorium on drift-net use , pending governmental investigations .
in both spain and italy , emergency [rules] were introduced to impose a temporary moratorium on drift-net use , pending governmental investigations .

The Fiction was his last attempt at personal writing in 1914 before he decided , by whatever hidden processes , that the best solution to his apparent obsession with introspection and self-analysis was to cross over into the world of poetry , with its quite different but equally stringent laws and regulations .
the fiction was his last attempt at personal writing in 1914 before he decided , by whatever hidden processes , that the best solution to his apparent obsession with introspection and self-analysis was to cross over into the world of poetry , with its quite different but equally stringent laws and [rules] .

Above all , this means using the economic incentives offered by the market , not regulations to ‘ command and control ’ things .
above all , this means using the economic incentives offered by the market , not [rules] to ‘ command and control ’ things .

Many of those engaged in ‘ export ’ were cheating customs regulations ; many of those involved in ‘ trading ’ were cheating state companies .
many of those engaged in ‘ export ’ were cheating customs [rules] ; many of those involved in ‘ trading ’ were cheating state companies .

Under pressure to cut costs , the big banks that dominate Swiss securities trading were no longer prepared to deal at seven regional exchanges , each with its own rules , regulations and supervisory body ( or none ) .
under pressure to cut costs , the big banks that dominate swiss securities trading were no longer prepared to deal at seven regional exchanges , each with its own rules , [rules] and supervisory body ( or none ) .

Stiffer government regulations are persuading American hospitals and drugs firms to stop using small , local laboratories to test medical samples and new drugs , and to give their business instead to the kind of nationally known laboratories acquired by Corning .
stiffer government [rules] are persuading american hospitals and drugs firms to stop using small , local laboratories to test medical samples and new drugs , and to give their business instead to the kind of nationally known laboratories acquired by corning .

Above all , the water companies may pass on to their customers any new costs caused by changes in environmental regulations .
above all , the water companies may pass on to their customers any new costs caused by changes in environmental [rules] .

It took a five-year tussle with the Luftfahrt Bundesamt , the German body which sets aeronautical regulations , before the cylinders were approved for use in hot-air balloons .
it took a five-year tussle with the luftfahrt bundesamt , the german body which sets aeronautical [rules] , before the cylinders were approved for use in hot-air balloons .

But he claims his request for details of the regulations was refused on the ground that they are ‘ very severe ’ and that Cameron Balloons would find it impossible to meet them .
but he claims his request for details of the [rules] was refused on the ground that they are ‘ very severe ’ and that cameron balloons would find it impossible to meet them .

Two High Court judges ruled that a Department of Social Security assessment officer had taken an ‘ erroneous ’ view of the regulations which govern the means test for legal aid .
two high court judges ruled that a department of social security assessment officer had taken an ‘ erroneous ’ view of the [rules] which govern the means test for legal aid .

Last night , Mr Krenz told a Communist Party rally that the new travel regulations , allowing East Germans to go to the West whenever they wish , should be taken as proof that the government was ‘ serious about the policy of renewal ’ .
last night , mr krenz told a communist party rally that the new travel [rules] , allowing east germans to go to the west whenever they wish , should be taken as proof that the government was ‘ serious about the policy of renewal ’ .

Mr Christopher Chope , the junior environment minister and a member of the agency 's board , told MPs on May 8 that the Crown Suppliers continued ‘ to comply with established public procurement procedures and relevant EC/Gatt regulations . ’
mr christopher chope , the junior environment minister and a member of the agency 's board , told mps on may 8 that the crown suppliers continued ‘ to comply with established public procurement procedures and relevant ec/gatt [rules] . ’

However , the Employment minister , Mr Tim Eggar , last night insisted the most effective social dimension to Europe was the single market , not regulations on employment .
however , the employment minister , mr tim eggar , last night insisted the most effective social dimension to europe was the single market , not [rules] on employment .

The Environment Secretary , Mr Chris Patten , said the new green bill would set in place the most sophisticated and comprehensive pollution control regulations anywhere .
the environment secretary , mr chris patten , said the new green bill would set in place the most sophisticated and comprehensive pollution control [rules] anywhere .

The Education ( Student Loans ) Bill , published yesterday , comprises only one enabling clause setting out ministers ' broad intention to usher in loans and two schedules making plain that the Government will use regulations to dictate the size of the annual loan , level of interest rates , repayment periods , deferments and premiums to the banks administering the scheme .
the education ( student loans ) bill , published yesterday , comprises only one enabling clause setting out ministers ' broad intention to usher in loans and two schedules making plain that the government will use [rules] to dictate the size of the annual loan , level of interest rates , repayment periods , deferments and premiums to the banks administering the scheme .

He said afterwards he had not read the newly-written rule in this year 's tournament regulations .
he said afterwards he had not read the newly-written rule in this year 's tournament [rules] .

Even the most committed Palestinian activists listen to Israel Radio to find out about incidents in the occupied territories and to obtain important practical information about curfews and changes in regulations on , say , crossing the border to Jordan .
even the most committed palestinian activists listen to israel radio to find out about incidents in the occupied territories and to obtain important practical information about curfews and changes in [rules] on , say , crossing the border to jordan .

Although the constitution of the Confederation contains detailed regulations on the powers of the federal government and on the content of federal policy , all this means is that whenever a centralising measure is proposed , they amend the constitution .
although the constitution of the confederation contains detailed [rules] on the powers of the federal government and on the content of federal policy , all this means is that whenever a centralising measure is proposed , they amend the constitution .

There were imperial standards , industrial codes , legal directives , competition legislation , procedural codes , business and civil legislation , regulations for banking , foreign exchange , as well as imperial military and naval policy , foreign and colonial policy , tax and economic policy , the beginnings of interventionism and social policy : all this , to be sure , required more administration , greater power for the imperial bureaucracy and an overall accrual of power to the central organs of state .
there were imperial standards , industrial codes , legal directives , competition legislation , procedural codes , business and civil legislation , [rules] for banking , foreign exchange , as well as imperial military and naval policy , foreign and colonial policy , tax and economic policy , the beginnings of interventionism and social policy : all this , to be sure , required more administration , greater power for the imperial bureaucracy and an overall accrual of power to the central organs of state .

Regulations may change so it is wise to consult your doctor or Travel Agent before travelling .
[rules] may change so it is wise to consult your doctor or travel agent before travelling .

We have taken all reasonable and proper steps to ensure that proper arrangements have been made for all the holidays which are advertised in this brochure and for excursions as described above and that the suppliers of the various services which will be provided to you as part of the inclusive holiday are efficient , safe and reputable businesses , and that they comply with the local and national laws and regulations of the country in which they provide those services .
we have taken all reasonable and proper steps to ensure that proper arrangements have been made for all the holidays which are advertised in this brochure and for excursions as described above and that the suppliers of the various services which will be provided to you as part of the inclusive holiday are efficient , safe and reputable businesses , and that they comply with the local and national laws and [rules] of the country in which they provide those services .

Airline regulations vary but many will refuse permission to fly women who will be 28 or more weeks into pregnancy on the date of return travel .
airline [rules] vary but many will refuse permission to fly women who will be 28 or more weeks into pregnancy on the date of return travel .

Civil Aviation regulations specify that both the outbound and inbound sections of the air ticket must be used .
civil aviation [rules] specify that both the outbound and inbound sections of the air ticket must be used .

Health regulations are subject to change , and you should check with your own doctor prior to departure as to which inoculations the Department of Health consider it necessary for specific areas .
health [rules] are subject to change , and you should check with your own doctor prior to departure as to which inoculations the department of health consider it necessary for specific areas .

We will provide grants for recycling schemes , introduce regulations on the use of packaging materials , and encourage local authorities to clean up litter .
we will provide grants for recycling schemes , introduce [rules] on the use of packaging materials , and encourage local authorities to clean up litter .

We are concerned that at every level of government — in Europe , in Whitehall and in local authorities — some regulations may have been adopted in answer to legitimate concerns , but without proper regard to their overall impact on businesses and individuals .
we are concerned that at every level of government — in europe , in whitehall and in local authorities — some [rules] may have been adopted in answer to legitimate concerns , but without proper regard to their overall impact on businesses and individuals .

We will examine whether certain regulations affecting individual citizens within their own homes could be made advisory , rather than mandatory .
we will examine whether certain [rules] affecting individual citizens within their own homes could be made advisory , rather than mandatory .

We will consult on a new building regulations to improve energy use .
we will consult on a new building [rules] to improve energy use .

We will enforce effective pollution control regulations while helping farmers to meet the high standards required .
we will enforce effective pollution control [rules] while helping farmers to meet the high standards required .

Doors leading directly from a lean-to garage to the house must meet the Building Regulations requirements concerning fire spread : if you plan such an installation , notify your supplier and confirm with the Building Inspector that the provisions made are satisfactory .
doors leading directly from a lean-to garage to the house must meet the building [rules] requirements concerning fire spread : if you plan such an installation , notify your supplier and confirm with the building inspector that the provisions made are satisfactory .

Whether you need planning permission and/or Building Regulations approval for your garage depends on how big it is and where it stands .
whether you need planning permission and/or building [rules] approval for your garage depends on how big it is and where it stands .

Life is much less complicated as far as Building Regulations approval is concerned .
life is much less complicated as far as building [rules] approval is concerned .

However , attached lean-to garages are treated as home extensions , and must have full Building Regulations approval , especially as far as fire precautions are concerned .
however , attached lean-to garages are treated as home extensions , and must have full building [rules] approval , especially as far as fire precautions are concerned .

All developments , however , will require Building Regulations approval .
all developments , however , will require building [rules] approval .

‘ Not more regulations ? ’
‘ not more [rules] ? ’

The Building Regulations are to safeguard the health and safety of those in and around the building .
the building [rules] are to safeguard the health and safety of those in and around the building .

Most of the regulations are someone else 's problem : the architect 's or the builder 's ; the latter sometimes being both .
most of the [rules] are someone else 's problem : the architect 's or the builder 's ; the latter sometimes being both .

Unless the plans meet all the regulations , they wo n't be passed until they are amended to conform .
unless the plans meet all the [rules] , they wo n't be passed until they are amended to conform .

The drawing fee should include the fees for planning permission , if applicable ; and the Building Regulations full plans application ( but not the inspection fee ) .
the drawing fee should include the fees for planning permission , if applicable ; and the building [rules] full plans application ( but not the inspection fee ) .

Approval and inspection fees are set by central government , which means that wherever you live in England or Wales , the price will be the same : planning permission £46 ; Building Regulations plans approval £35.25 ; and £105.75 inspection fees when the work commences .
approval and inspection fees are set by central government , which means that wherever you live in england or wales , the price will be the same : planning permission £46 ; building [rules] plans approval £35.25 ; and £105.75 inspection fees when the work commences .

You will be held responsible for ensuring that all work adheres to regulations .
you will be held responsible for ensuring that all work adheres to [rules] .

There are plenty of books in most libraries explaining building construction and the Buildings Regulations in simple terms , but do ensure that they are not out of date .
there are plenty of books in most libraries explaining building construction and the buildings [rules] in simple terms , but do ensure that they are not out of date .

If you 're extending the plumbing and drainage to incorporate a second bathroom , you may have to notify the water authority in order to comply with all the water regulations .
if you 're extending the plumbing and drainage to incorporate a second bathroom , you may have to notify the water authority in order to comply with all the water [rules] .

Depending on your roof type , and whether your windows need to provide a means of escape to comply with the Buildings Regulations , there are three basic types .
depending on your roof type , and whether your windows need to provide a means of escape to comply with the buildings [rules] , there are three basic types .

However , it is strongly rumoured that this may be sometime in the early part of 1992 , when some amendments to the Building Regulations are to be introduced .
however , it is strongly rumoured that this may be sometime in the early part of 1992 , when some amendments to the building [rules] are to be introduced .

However , it is envisaged that technical guidance will be given in an Approved Document , which will be available when the act comes into force — this will be similar to the procedure adopted with the Building Regulations .
however , it is envisaged that technical guidance will be given in an approved document , which will be available when the act comes into force — this will be similar to the procedure adopted with the building [rules] .

Competition rules and regulations available from your Local Radio Rentals shop .
competition rules and [rules] available from your local radio rentals shop .

In our opinion the summary financial statement is consistent with the accounts , business statement and directors ' report for the year ended 31 December 1989 and conforms with the requirements of Section 76 of the Building Societies Act 1986 and regulations thereunder .
in our opinion the summary financial statement is consistent with the accounts , business statement and directors ' report for the year ended 31 december 1989 and conforms with the requirements of section 76 of the building societies act 1986 and [rules] thereunder .

You can do this at any time and will receive a rebate against future charges in accordance with the provisions of the Consumer Credit ( Rebate on Early Settlement ) Regulations 1983 .
you can do this at any time and will receive a rebate against future charges in accordance with the provisions of the consumer credit ( rebate on early settlement ) [rules] 1983 .

‘ ( 2 ) The Company may , in accordance with section 251 of the Act and any regulations made under it , send a summary financial statement to any member instead of or in addition to the documents referred to in paragraph ( 1 ) above ; and where it does so , the statement shall be delivered or sent by post to the member not less than twenty-one clear days before the annual general meeting before which those documents are to be laid . ’
‘ ( 2 ) the company may , in accordance with section 251 of the act and any [rules] made under it , send a summary financial statement to any member instead of or in addition to the documents referred to in paragraph ( 1 ) above ; and where it does so , the statement shall be delivered or sent by post to the member not less than twenty-one clear days before the annual general meeting before which those documents are to be laid . ’

The Companies Act 1989 and regulations made under it allow listed companies to issue summary financial statements to those shareholders who do not wish to receive the full annual report and accounts .
the companies act 1989 and [rules] made under it allow listed companies to issue summary financial statements to those shareholders who do not wish to receive the full annual report and accounts .

And , under current Government regulations , provided that your total borrowing for house purchase and home improvements does n't exceed £30,000 the interest on your Home Improvement Loan may qualify for tax relief .
and , under current government [rules] , provided that your total borrowing for house purchase and home improvements does n't exceed £30,000 the interest on your home improvement loan may qualify for tax relief .

Do check whether you will need planning permission or building regulations approval from your local authority . Your project may even qualify for a local authority grant !
do check whether you will need planning permission or building [rules] approval from your local authority . your project may even qualify for a local authority grant !

Interest on borrowing for improvements to your home can qualify for tax relief providing your total house purchase/home improvement borrowing together does not exceed £30,000 under current Government regulations .
interest on borrowing for improvements to your home can qualify for tax relief providing your total house purchase/home improvement borrowing together does not exceed £30,000 under current government [rules] .

Ask your local authority if you need planning permission or building regulations approval . You may even qualify for a local authority grant !
ask your local authority if you need planning permission or building [rules] approval . you may even qualify for a local authority grant !

The Plan will pay substantial cash benefits directly to you , free of income tax under current Inland Revenue regulations , if you are permanently disabled as a result of an accident .
the plan will pay substantial cash benefits directly to you , free of income tax under current inland revenue [rules] , if you are permanently disabled as a result of an accident .

The Plan will pay substantial cash benefits directly to you , free of income tax under current Inland Revenue regulations , if you are permanently disabled as the result of an accident .
the plan will pay substantial cash benefits directly to you , free of income tax under current inland revenue [rules] , if you are permanently disabled as the result of an accident .

The teenager who can not find a job , the young mother with no one but toddlers to talk to , the active man forced to retire because of age regulations , the person who spends day after day doing the same repetitive work — all these people , and many others , may suffer from extreme boredom .
the teenager who can not find a job , the young mother with no one but toddlers to talk to , the active man forced to retire because of age [rules] , the person who spends day after day doing the same repetitive work — all these people , and many others , may suffer from extreme boredom .

The good news for pigs is that the Agriculture Minister John Gummer has announced his intention to introduce regulations banning the narrow breeding stall and neck and girth tethers for sows .
the good news for pigs is that the agriculture minister john gummer has announced his intention to introduce [rules] banning the narrow breeding stall and neck and girth tethers for sows .

Mr Gummer declared that a consultation paper is being drawn up in order to put regulations under an already existing Act before Parliament by the summer .
mr gummer declared that a consultation paper is being drawn up in order to put [rules] under an already existing act before parliament by the summer .

Even if Sir Richard 's Bill fails , Mr Gummer has been forced to bring in regulations himself .
even if sir richard 's bill fails , mr gummer has been forced to bring in [rules] himself .

This is the first time a unit trust company has had to suspend funds under the Financial Services Act 's pricing regulations , which oblige it to cease trading once an error is suspected .
this is the first time a unit trust company has had to suspend funds under the financial services act 's pricing [rules] , which oblige it to cease trading once an error is suspected .

But Cambridge City Council 's environmental health department warned that the success of the appeal did not set a precedent , and that the court had been careful to reiterate its concern at the ‘ grave breaches of the Food Hygiene Regulations ’ .
but cambridge city council 's environmental health department warned that the success of the appeal did not set a precedent , and that the court had been careful to reiterate its concern at the ‘ grave breaches of the food hygiene [rules] ’ .

‘ With the food hygiene regulations , local authorities must assess each food outlet on its risk factor .
‘ with the food hygiene [rules] , local authorities must assess each food outlet on its risk factor .

• How easy is it to clean ? Under the new hygiene regulations fryers are likely to come under close scrutiny because traditionally the job of cleaning them is one of the worst in the kitchen .
• how easy is it to clean ? under the new hygiene [rules] fryers are likely to come under close scrutiny because traditionally the job of cleaning them is one of the worst in the kitchen .

The code received a warm reception from conference delegates but several caterers in the audience criticised their local EHOs for failing to present a united front on the interpretation of regulations .
the code received a warm reception from conference delegates but several caterers in the audience criticised their local ehos for failing to present a united front on the interpretation of [rules] .

Naturally , the new dwellings had to be so arranged as to satisfy the requirements of building regulations and a significant stipulation of the old Constructional By-laws for Inner London under which this design was produced , related to the amount of daylight which must be admitted to habitable rooms .
naturally , the new dwellings had to be so arranged as to satisfy the requirements of building [rules] and a significant stipulation of the old constructional by-laws for inner london under which this design was produced , related to the amount of daylight which must be admitted to habitable rooms .

This requirement is continued by the current Building Regulations ( 1985 ) .
this requirement is continued by the current building [rules] ( 1985 ) .

As the existing windows were more than large enough to light the second-storey accommodation to building regulations standards , it was decided to shorten these openings .
as the existing windows were more than large enough to light the second-storey accommodation to building [rules] standards , it was decided to shorten these openings .

He said that he had been charged with 10 counts of breaking police regulations by talking to reporters about police brutality .
he said that he had been charged with 10 counts of breaking police [rules] by talking to reporters about police brutality .

Under telephone licence regulations they must keep a list of all such requests and respect them in future .
under telephone licence [rules] they must keep a list of all such requests and respect them in future .

The judge said that the officer was not on trial for being a ‘ faithless husband , womanising in his motor car or for breaching police regulations ’ .
the judge said that the officer was not on trial for being a ‘ faithless husband , womanising in his motor car or for breaching police [rules] ’ .

Faragher ( 1985 ) found that police in Great Britain downgraded the seriousness of violence against women in the home , for although formal regulations state that it is to be treated as an arrestable offence , policemen often redefined the incident as lying outside law enforcement ( emphasized by Policy Studies Institute 1983b : 64 ) .
faragher ( 1985 ) found that police in great britain downgraded the seriousness of violence against women in the home , for although formal [rules] state that it is to be treated as an arrestable offence , policemen often redefined the incident as lying outside law enforcement ( emphasized by policy studies institute 1983b : 64 ) .

New and increasingly stringent fire regulations have to be accommodated and licensing magistrates — who often care little for the architectural integrity of historic pubs , but are principally concerned with good and easy supervision of the pub clientele — have to be appeased .
new and increasingly stringent fire [rules] have to be accommodated and licensing magistrates — who often care little for the architectural integrity of historic pubs , but are principally concerned with good and easy supervision of the pub clientele — have to be appeased .

Plans , Building Regulations and Building Approvals
plans , building [rules] and building approvals

There is certainly an element which highly values the proprieties of artistic freedom : a work of art must be a work of free spirit , untrammelled by rules and regulations , wherein absolute consistency — or conformity of any sort — is out of place .
there is certainly an element which highly values the proprieties of artistic freedom : a work of art must be a work of free spirit , untrammelled by rules and [rules] , wherein absolute consistency — or conformity of any sort — is out of place .

One result of this constant paradox is that while the police make statements welcoming research and applaud intellectual debate , they strive to impose rigid control over a system of preferred rules and regulations to negate open enquiry , so that systems are quietly but firmly deployed to deny the critical approach — as we shall see .
one result of this constant paradox is that while the police make statements welcoming research and applaud intellectual debate , they strive to impose rigid control over a system of preferred rules and [rules] to negate open enquiry , so that systems are quietly but firmly deployed to deny the critical approach — as we shall see .

In effect the insider who questions the gross systems of classification which define police practice seems set to join those deviants or criminals who contest the system of law and order by breaking its rules and regulations .
in effect the insider who questions the gross systems of classification which define police practice seems set to join those deviants or criminals who contest the system of law and order by breaking its rules and [rules] .

And even if an uncommissioned but critical ethnography is not considered to be in breach of the Official Secrets Act , it will most likely be construed as structural espionage and lie in breach of the Police Discipline Code as set out in Police Regulations .
and even if an uncommissioned but critical ethnography is not considered to be in breach of the official secrets act , it will most likely be construed as structural espionage and lie in breach of the police discipline code as set out in police [rules] .

The loosening-up of regulations could lead to more hotels being developed in India .
the loosening-up of [rules] could lead to more hotels being developed in india .

The directive included advisory regulations concerning building requirements , kitchen equipment , food waste , water supply , personal hygiene and production hygiene , but is not specific about those regulations or their implementation .
the directive included advisory [rules] concerning building requirements , kitchen equipment , food waste , water supply , personal hygiene and production hygiene , but is not specific about those [rules] or their implementation .

Pre-dating the National Health Service by over thirty years , in 1916 the Venereal Disease Regulations were passed instructing all local health authorities to provide clinics for the diagnosis and treatment of the venereal diseases .
pre-dating the national health service by over thirty years , in 1916 the venereal disease [rules] were passed instructing all local health authorities to provide clinics for the diagnosis and treatment of the venereal diseases .

This is determined by the Diving Operations at Work Regulations 1981 , which state that for diving operations below 50 metres , a diving bell will be used , and that divers shall breathe mixed gas .
this is determined by the diving operations at work [rules] 1981 , which state that for diving operations below 50 metres , a diving bell will be used , and that divers shall breathe mixed gas .

Prevailing regulations mean you must dive using an octopus and stab jacket ( no ABLJs allowed ) .
prevailing [rules] mean you must dive using an octopus and stab jacket ( no abljs allowed ) .

Such well-tempered regulations of gene activity are a prerequisite for the evolution of embryologies capable of crafting complex tissues and organs .
such well-tempered [rules] of gene activity are a prerequisite for the evolution of embryologies capable of crafting complex tissues and organs .

If a regular source of swill is available nearby , pig-keeping can be profitable , but health regulations impose severe restrictions on swill feeding .
if a regular source of swill is available nearby , pig-keeping can be profitable , but health [rules] impose severe restrictions on swill feeding .

Regulations required the direct-grant schools to set aside , without fees , 25 per cent of their places for pupils who had completed two years in an elementary school .
[rules] required the direct-grant schools to set aside , without fees , 25 per cent of their places for pupils who had completed two years in an elementary school .

All dog shows where championship points are awarded are held under the rules and regulations of the American Kennel Club , who are responsible for providing qualified judges , keeping records of points and a register of pure-bred dogs .
all dog shows where championship points are awarded are held under the rules and [rules] of the american kennel club , who are responsible for providing qualified judges , keeping records of points and a register of pure-bred dogs .

Other stumbling blocks include differences in the regulations of individual stock exchanges on voting rights of shares in take-over targets .
other stumbling blocks include differences in the [rules] of individual stock exchanges on voting rights of shares in take-over targets .

On December 17 1987 a notice under regulation 7 of the Police ( Discipline ) Regulations 1985 was served in general on the officers under investigation .
on december 17 1987 a notice under regulation 7 of the police ( discipline ) [rules] 1985 was served in general on the officers under investigation .

However , it is not yet clear whether the new regulations , will call for the individual dual pricing of all goods in the shop , or whether a simple surcharge could be added to the bill .
however , it is not yet clear whether the new [rules] , will call for the individual dual pricing of all goods in the shop , or whether a simple surcharge could be added to the bill .

The decision follows the disclosure in the Guardian on Monday of payments to 231 lecturers and professors which were in breach of Treasury regulations in a routine audit of the Department of Education 's accounts .
the decision follows the disclosure in the guardian on monday of payments to 231 lecturers and professors which were in breach of treasury [rules] in a routine audit of the department of education 's accounts .

Within minutes of being sworn in on Monday evening , Mr Gonzalez announced a nine-point economic package ending government price controls and foreign-exchange regulations .
within minutes of being sworn in on monday evening , mr gonzalez announced a nine-point economic package ending government price controls and foreign-exchange [rules] .

The next year he was dismissed under the Nuremberg Regulations .
the next year he was dismissed under the nuremberg [rules] .

The proposal is likely to emerge radically altered when details are set out in regulations after the loans legislation is passed .
the proposal is likely to emerge radically altered when details are set out in [rules] after the loans legislation is passed .

The bill brings a host of new controls and regulations which , if fully implemented , would make polluting the environment an expensive option both for industry and individuals .
the bill brings a host of new controls and [rules] which , if fully implemented , would make polluting the environment an expensive option both for industry and individuals .

Increased fines for dropping litter , and regulations requiring local authorities and landowners keep their premises free from litter would be brought forward .
increased fines for dropping litter , and [rules] requiring local authorities and landowners keep their premises free from litter would be brought forward .

The provisions on GMOs in the bill are to take account of the possible impacts of altered organisms on the environment — potential impacts on human health are deemed to be covered under existing health and safety regulations .
the provisions on gmos in the bill are to take account of the possible impacts of altered organisms on the environment — potential impacts on human health are deemed to be covered under existing health and safety [rules] .

The next year he was dismissed under the Nuremberg Regulations .
the next year he was dismissed under the nuremberg [rules] .

Over the next 13 years , the regulations set out to achieve a 70 per cent cut in hydrocarbon emissions .
over the next 13 years , the [rules] set out to achieve a 70 per cent cut in hydrocarbon emissions .

Regulations Regulations on product standards , safety requirements , and so on .
[rules] [rules] on product standards , safety requirements , and so on .

Detailed regulations for the construction of new buildings were laid down in a great variety of Acts and bye-laws .
detailed [rules] for the construction of new buildings were laid down in a great variety of acts and bye-laws .

They had not seen the party programme and regulations , nor any copy of their own journal Young Guard .
they had not seen the party programme and [rules] , nor any copy of their own journal young guard .

Although it had been a rest home for British Telecom , alterations were necessary to provide the ten individual bed sitting rooms and the Housekeepers flat , whilst at the same time some safety improvements were needed to meet the Fire Officer 's regulations .
although it had been a rest home for british telecom , alterations were necessary to provide the ten individual bed sitting rooms and the housekeepers flat , whilst at the same time some safety improvements were needed to meet the fire officer 's [rules] .

Conference then looked at 31 Resolutions covering Service Liaison , Welfare and Pensions , Homes , Appeals and Fund-raising , the Rules , Byelaws and Regulations , Standard Club Rules , Organisation and Annual Conference itself .
conference then looked at 31 resolutions covering service liaison , welfare and pensions , homes , appeals and fund-raising , the rules , byelaws and [rules] , standard club rules , organisation and annual conference itself .

This provided a package of financial incentives and exemptions from various laws and regulations to encourage businesses to set up in the zones .
this provided a package of financial incentives and exemptions from various laws and [rules] to encourage businesses to set up in the zones .

Reducing the size of the public sector and number of regulations that hampered business would create the opportunity for the emergence of a more market-orientated economy .
reducing the size of the public sector and number of [rules] that hampered business would create the opportunity for the emergence of a more market-orientated economy .

Yet while some regulations are equivalent to censorship , others are not .
yet while some [rules] are equivalent to censorship , others are not .

That clearly requires regulations that are different from censorship .
that clearly requires [rules] that are different from censorship .

This also meant that at the opposite pole of this evolutionary sequence there had existed a stage which was the exact opposite , a stage when men or women paired freely with whoever they took a fancy to , irrespective of any rules or regulations .
this also meant that at the opposite pole of this evolutionary sequence there had existed a stage which was the exact opposite , a stage when men or women paired freely with whoever they took a fancy to , irrespective of any rules or [rules] .

To its critics , the Plan conjures a grim vision of a future in which the home of the Beach Boys , fresh air and freedom becomes a battle-ground between suffocating fumes and suffocating regulations .
to its critics , the plan conjures a grim vision of a future in which the home of the beach boys , fresh air and freedom becomes a battle-ground between suffocating fumes and suffocating [rules] .

‘ The Soviet Union and China are marching towards the open market and here we are , in southern California , the home of Ronald Reagan , talking about tying the economy down with a maze of petty regulations … We should be looking for a market-based solution to our problems , not snooping in people 's backyards to check out what kind of barbecue they are using .
‘ the soviet union and china are marching towards the open market and here we are , in southern california , the home of ronald reagan , talking about tying the economy down with a maze of petty [rules] … we should be looking for a market-based solution to our problems , not snooping in people 's backyards to check out what kind of barbecue they are using .

Some local politicians , led by Mr Antonovich , are threatening to block the necessary implementing regulations .
some local politicians , led by mr antonovich , are threatening to block the necessary implementing [rules] .

Current regulations on safety are dismissed as ‘ woefully inadequate ’ and the association calls on drivers to boycott models if manufacturers fail to make safety a priority .
current [rules] on safety are dismissed as ‘ woefully inadequate ’ and the association calls on drivers to boycott models if manufacturers fail to make safety a priority .

It led to a cabinet decision on Tuesday to arrest Mr Mutambara and Mr Chikweche under Zimbabwe 's 24-year-old emergency powers regulations , which were inherited from Ian Smith 's Rhodesia .
it led to a cabinet decision on tuesday to arrest mr mutambara and mr chikweche under zimbabwe 's 24-year-old emergency powers [rules] , which were inherited from ian smith 's rhodesia .

This , says Mr Eggar , will create more red tape and more regulations which will directly harm the growth and development of the small business sector .
this , says mr eggar , will create more red tape and more [rules] which will directly harm the growth and development of the small business sector .

Proposals for minimum wage regulations also came under attack .
proposals for minimum wage [rules] also came under attack .

‘ Minimum wage regulations , far from protecting workers , will fuel inflation , lead to job losses and price many smaller firms out of the market , ’ he declared .
‘ minimum wage [rules] , far from protecting workers , will fuel inflation , lead to job losses and price many smaller firms out of the market , ’ he declared .

The man on the video took a rather different view , describing Honda 's decision to join the flow of Japanese car makers into Britain as an opportunity to conquer a Europe soon to be ‘ unchained and unfettered by regulations ’ .
the man on the video took a rather different view , describing honda 's decision to join the flow of japanese car makers into britain as an opportunity to conquer a europe soon to be ‘ unchained and unfettered by [rules] ’ .

Their association has described the early closure of the haddock fishery as unacceptable , provoking speculation that the Shetland fleet will deliberately flout the quota regulations .
their association has described the early closure of the haddock fishery as unacceptable , provoking speculation that the shetland fleet will deliberately flout the quota [rules] .

She told the Association of District Councils ' housing conference in Southampton she would announce a review of the regulations to see how such parties could be controlled .
she told the association of district councils ' housing conference in southampton she would announce a review of the [rules] to see how such parties could be controlled .

Football League regulations impose limitations on an individual 's ownership of shares in more than one club .
football league [rules] impose limitations on an individual 's ownership of shares in more than one club .

The preference for directives as opposed to regulations for environmental matters has also been repeatedly expressed .
the preference for directives as opposed to [rules] for environmental matters has also been repeatedly expressed .

Rimington pointed out that the stabilisation of accident levels is the result of a decline in heavy industry and better health and safety regulations .
rimington pointed out that the stabilisation of accident levels is the result of a decline in heavy industry and better health and safety [rules] .

As a result of more stringent regulations on atmospheric pollution , new measures had to be taken to ensure the safety of the company 's employees and also of the surrounding environment .
as a result of more stringent [rules] on atmospheric pollution , new measures had to be taken to ensure the safety of the company 's employees and also of the surrounding environment .

Exemption from pesticide regulations
exemption from pesticide [rules]

The company will , however , package to customers ' specific requirements as regulations permit , in order to reduce delivery time .
the company will , however , package to customers ' specific requirements as [rules] permit , in order to reduce delivery time .

Prior to 1924 , the Board of Education 's Regulations for University Tutorial Classes , 1913 , defined the standards and requirements for grant-aid for these classes .
prior to 1924 , the board of education 's [rules] for university tutorial classes , 1913 , defined the standards and requirements for grant-aid for these classes .

The reluctance of LEAs to use their powers under the 1918 Education Act to make direct provision for liberal adult education and the Board of Education 's powers under the 1921 Education Act to grant-aid university and national voluntary organisations providing liberal adult education led the new Ramsay MacDonald minority government to issue , somewhat hastily , the 1924 Adult Education Regulations effective from 1 August of that year .
the reluctance of leas to use their powers under the 1918 education act to make direct provision for liberal adult education and the board of education 's powers under the 1921 education act to grant-aid university and national voluntary organisations providing liberal adult education led the new ramsay macdonald minority government to issue , somewhat hastily , the 1924 adult education [rules] effective from 1 august of that year .

The Regulations were presented in five ‘ chapters ’ .
the [rules] were presented in five ‘ chapters ’ .

Significant growth in the District following the introduction of the 1924 Regulations occurred in the Terminal course category .
significant growth in the district following the introduction of the 1924 [rules] occurred in the terminal course category .

From the early years following the introduction of the 1924 Regulations , experience showed that the net income derived from grant-aid , coupled with the District 's policy of setting its student fees at the lowest possible level to encourage enrolments , failed to lead to financial self-sufficiency and the District 's financial difficulties , although eased initially , were not eradicated .
from the early years following the introduction of the 1924 [rules] , experience showed that the net income derived from grant-aid , coupled with the district 's policy of setting its student fees at the lowest possible level to encourage enrolments , failed to lead to financial self-sufficiency and the district 's financial difficulties , although eased initially , were not eradicated .

The Adult Education Regulations of 1932 addressed a major problem which had not been resolved under the Board 's 1924 Regulations .
the adult education [rules] of 1932 addressed a major problem which had not been resolved under the board 's 1924 [rules] .

Quite simply , the earlier Regulations had failed to meet adequately the needs of liberal adult education in rural areas .
quite simply , the earlier [rules] had failed to meet adequately the needs of liberal adult education in rural areas .

The inaccessibility of rural areas , the lack of public transport facilities , the dispersed and sparse population had all contributed to the failure of many courses to enrol students at levels within the prescribed minima for grant-aid and the thresholds for the Board 's Regulations were demonstrably too high under such circumstances .
the inaccessibility of rural areas , the lack of public transport facilities , the dispersed and sparse population had all contributed to the failure of many courses to enrol students at levels within the prescribed minima for grant-aid and the thresholds for the board 's [rules] were demonstrably too high under such circumstances .

The 1932 Adult Education Regulations enshrined these principles and permitted the appointment of full-time salaried tutors under Article 11 who were eligible for grant-aid purposes .
the 1932 adult education [rules] enshrined these principles and permitted the appointment of full-time salaried tutors under article 11 who were eligible for grant-aid purposes .

As a natural corollary of this initiative , extra-mural departments were permitted to provide courses at standards lower , and of shorter duration , than under the 1924 Regulations .
as a natural corollary of this initiative , extra-mural departments were permitted to provide courses at standards lower , and of shorter duration , than under the 1924 [rules] .

With Cranage 's resignation in 1928 , the links with the tradition of university extension on a national scale at Cambridge were gradually replaced by new opportunities for regional development which became available under the 1924 and , later , the 1932 Adult Education Regulations .
with cranage 's resignation in 1928 , the links with the tradition of university extension on a national scale at cambridge were gradually replaced by new opportunities for regional development which became available under the 1924 and , later , the 1932 adult education [rules] .

Thus , the Cambridge Board had secured resources to begin the development of its policies for the regional provision of adult education prior to the introduction of the 1932 Regulations .
thus , the cambridge board had secured resources to begin the development of its policies for the regional provision of adult education prior to the introduction of the 1932 [rules] .

However , it is a matter of historical record that in the twenties the Ipswich branch had opposed the development of a district organisation and viewed the period following the introduction of the 1924 Adult Education Regulations as one of increasing centralisation .
however , it is a matter of historical record that in the twenties the ipswich branch had opposed the development of a district organisation and viewed the period following the introduction of the 1924 adult education [rules] as one of increasing centralisation .

Yet again , throughout this chapter there have been repeated references to the precariousness of the financial position of the District , notwithstanding the introduction of grant-aid under the 1924 Adult Education Regulations .
yet again , throughout this chapter there have been repeated references to the precariousness of the financial position of the district , notwithstanding the introduction of grant-aid under the 1924 adult education [rules] .

Further , there was a clear , emerging imperative to establish an explicit and visible distinction between the functions of the District and those of the Cambridge Board as earlier close , co-operative relationships were being eroded through the operation of the 1932 Adult Education Regulations and the ad hoc agreement between both providers in rural Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire .
further , there was a clear , emerging imperative to establish an explicit and visible distinction between the functions of the district and those of the cambridge board as earlier close , co-operative relationships were being eroded through the operation of the 1932 adult education [rules] and the ad hoc agreement between both providers in rural bedfordshire and cambridgeshire .

For example , in 1936–37 the costs of providing courses in rural Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire had amounted to £330 in excess of grant earned under the Board of Education Regulations .
for example , in 1936–37 the costs of providing courses in rural bedfordshire and cambridgeshire had amounted to £330 in excess of grant earned under the board of education [rules] .

It was more closely mapped in the new Regulations for Further Education in 1946 , with Local Education Authorities given responsibility for initiatives in conjunction with the universities and voluntary bodies .
it was more closely mapped in the new [rules] for further education in 1946 , with local education authorities given responsibility for initiatives in conjunction with the universities and voluntary bodies .

The grant-aid earned under the new Regulations was adequate but it was not generous and although class programmes were extended to new centres and programmes expanded in existing branches , the costs of provision also increased and the District required overdraft facilities until 1950 when a small surplus was secured .
the grant-aid earned under the new [rules] was adequate but it was not generous and although class programmes were extended to new centres and programmes expanded in existing branches , the costs of provision also increased and the district required overdraft facilities until 1950 when a small surplus was secured .

Farming policy in Cumbria was greatly influenced by the heavy rainfall and the restrictions imposed by the National Park Regulations .
farming policy in cumbria was greatly influenced by the heavy rainfall and the restrictions imposed by the national park [rules] .

Another facet of the problem of rural services , which has been given considerable publicity in England , is the demise of the village retail store due to economies of scale and retailing and stringent food hygiene regulations .
another facet of the problem of rural services , which has been given considerable publicity in england , is the demise of the village retail store due to economies of scale and retailing and stringent food hygiene [rules] .

The firm of solicitors , Shindler , has formed an environmental law unit to help steer its clients through the maze of environmental regulations .
the firm of solicitors , shindler , has formed an environmental law unit to help steer its clients through the maze of environmental [rules] .

Environmental audits are certainly not cheap , so how can companies ensure that they are getting good value for their money ? What regulations , rules or guidelines do environmental consultants have to abide by ? One way is to check whether a consultancy has its own guidelines , aims and objectives for the audits it is offering .
environmental audits are certainly not cheap , so how can companies ensure that they are getting good value for their money ? what [rules] , rules or guidelines do environmental consultants have to abide by ? one way is to check whether a consultancy has its own guidelines , aims and objectives for the audits it is offering .

One of its primary concerns is that any regulations should not upset the competitive trade balance , for example by applying solely to one type of fuel .
one of its primary concerns is that any [rules] should not upset the competitive trade balance , for example by applying solely to one type of fuel .

The regulations , which are mainly concerned with the security of explosives , will make changes to the types and quantities of explosives that can be kept for private use without the need for a licence or registration .
the [rules] , which are mainly concerned with the security of explosives , will make changes to the types and quantities of explosives that can be kept for private use without the need for a licence or registration .

Health and safety monitor is a monthly newsletter that distils into 8–10 pages the essential facts about the latest statutes , regulations , directives , consultative documents , and codes of practice etc on health and safety issues .
health and safety monitor is a monthly newsletter that distils into 8–10 pages the essential facts about the latest statutes , [rules] , directives , consultative documents , and codes of practice etc on health and safety issues .

The House of Commons Social Services Committee 's report Children in Care had started this process in 1984 by calling for ‘ a thorough-going review of the body of statute law , regulations and judicial decisions ’ ( para 119 ) , in order to produce a simplified and coherent body of law .
the house of commons social services committee 's report children in care had started this process in 1984 by calling for ‘ a thorough-going review of the body of statute law , [rules] and judicial decisions ’ ( para 119 ) , in order to produce a simplified and coherent body of law .

regulations concerning the licence for third persons or private homes to care for children .
[rules] concerning the licence for third persons or private homes to care for children .

The 1989 Children Act imposes new , more stringent regulations for planning and reviewing the experiences of children looked after by local authorities .
the 1989 children act imposes new , more stringent [rules] for planning and reviewing the experiences of children looked after by local authorities .

They feel , for example , that St Paul 's restrictions on women 's activities — in the early Christian communities to whom he was writing — are to be seen as regulations applying in all situations in the Church for all time .
they feel , for example , that st paul 's restrictions on women 's activities — in the early christian communities to whom he was writing — are to be seen as [rules] applying in all situations in the church for all time .

‘ It 's a matter of Crown regulations , ’ replied the Inspector .
‘ it 's a matter of crown [rules] , ’ replied the inspector .

The problem has been deferred rather than resolved , as the pressure inexorably intensifies to relax rugby union 's amateur regulations .
the problem has been deferred rather than resolved , as the pressure inexorably intensifies to relax rugby union 's amateur [rules] .

‘ We are still within the amateur regulations or we would n't be here , ’ Grant Fox , the All Black outside-half , said yesterday .
‘ we are still within the amateur [rules] or we would n't be here , ’ grant fox , the all black outside-half , said yesterday .

The pressure group has written to Douglas Hurd , the Home Secretary , warning of a ‘ serious risk ’ to civil liberties unless statutory regulations are introduced .
the pressure group has written to douglas hurd , the home secretary , warning of a ‘ serious risk ’ to civil liberties unless statutory [rules] are introduced .

At present , the use of such systems is not covered by any statutory regulations .
at present , the use of such systems is not covered by any statutory [rules] .

Liberty is proposing regulations , including a rule requiring anyone installing cameras to supply the authorities with valid reasons for doing so .
liberty is proposing [rules] , including a rule requiring anyone installing cameras to supply the authorities with valid reasons for doing so .

Schedule 1 to the National Health Service ( General Medical and Pharmaceutical Services ) Regulations 1974 , as amended , includes doctors ' terms of service .
schedule 1 to the national health service ( general medical and pharmaceutical services ) [rules] 1974 , as amended , includes doctors ' terms of service .

The Scottish Examination Board is so concerned about the advent of the ‘ clever ’ calculator that it has redrafted its regulations to schools for maths exams .
the scottish examination board is so concerned about the advent of the ‘ clever ’ calculator that it has redrafted its [rules] to schools for maths exams .

For example , there are regulations about the storage of explosives , and the dangers of handling explosives are well known .
for example , there are [rules] about the storage of explosives , and the dangers of handling explosives are well known .

For example , in addition to the road-traffic offences , there are offences under sections 32 and 33 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861 of endangering railway passengers ; there are the offences under section 1 ( 2 ) of the Criminal Damage Act 1971 of endangering the lives of others by causing damage to property ( usually by fire ) ; the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 penalizes employers for failure to ensure that employees are not exposed to risks to their health or safety ; and there are offences , such as that under section 12 of the Consumer Protection Act 1987 , of selling goods in contravention of safety regulations .
for example , in addition to the road-traffic offences , there are offences under sections 32 and 33 of the offences against the person act 1861 of endangering railway passengers ; there are the offences under section 1 ( 2 ) of the criminal damage act 1971 of endangering the lives of others by causing damage to property ( usually by fire ) ; the health and safety at work act 1974 penalizes employers for failure to ensure that employees are not exposed to risks to their health or safety ; and there are offences , such as that under section 12 of the consumer protection act 1987 , of selling goods in contravention of safety [rules] .

Indeed the regulations are now so strict that some hill farmers and those with unsuitable land are having a problem getting rid of unwanted , surplus dip .
indeed the [rules] are now so strict that some hill farmers and those with unsuitable land are having a problem getting rid of unwanted , surplus dip .

It is , however , a disturbing aspect of what are , after all , statutory regulations , that many farmers are reluctant to attempt in any way to address these problems .
it is , however , a disturbing aspect of what are , after all , statutory [rules] , that many farmers are reluctant to attempt in any way to address these problems .

Some farms do , however , need to undertake large capital schemes to satisfy the regulations .
some farms do , however , need to undertake large capital schemes to satisfy the [rules] .

The Crop Residues ( Restrictions on Burning ) Regulations 1991 allow for fines of up to £2000 for each offence .
the crop residues ( restrictions on burning ) [rules] 1991 allow for fines of up to £2000 for each offence .

The model also showed that taking advantage of the loophole in new anti-pollution regulations to store big bales , piled 19m ( 62ft ) from a stream is a obviously very risky business .
the model also showed that taking advantage of the loophole in new anti-pollution [rules] to store big bales , piled 19m ( 62ft ) from a stream is a obviously very risky business .

The problem lies with the interpretation of the regulations governing the safety of toys .
the problem lies with the interpretation of the [rules] governing the safety of toys .

Nor will he class them as novelties ( which are exempt from the regulations ) despite the fact few are bought for children .
nor will he class them as novelties ( which are exempt from the [rules] ) despite the fact few are bought for children .

Lyn Skelton of the Local Authorities Co-ordinating Body on Trading Standards says : ‘ The regulations only apply if toys are sold in the course of business and it is the definition of ‘ course of business ’ that is the crux of the matter .
lyn skelton of the local authorities co-ordinating body on trading standards says : ‘ the [rules] only apply if toys are sold in the course of business and it is the definition of ‘ course of business ’ that is the crux of the matter .

Nevertheless , it was obvious that the impetus which the trades unions had gained would lead to conflict with the government once attempts were made , by government and employers alike to remove the wartime regulations and return to the competitive situation of the pre-war world .
nevertheless , it was obvious that the impetus which the trades unions had gained would lead to conflict with the government once attempts were made , by government and employers alike to remove the wartime [rules] and return to the competitive situation of the pre-war world .

The government also issued regulations under the 1920 Emergency Powers Act and recalled troops from Ireland and abroad in order to quell the miners and their potential allies .
the government also issued [rules] under the 1920 emergency powers act and recalled troops from ireland and abroad in order to quell the miners and their potential allies .

To comply with strict building regulations , a discreet garden shed was required .
to comply with strict building [rules] , a discreet garden shed was required .

He had been under the erroneous impression that Europe was just one big common market , similar in size to the United States , operating under free trade concepts , and with common laws , rules and regulations .
he had been under the erroneous impression that europe was just one big common market , similar in size to the united states , operating under free trade concepts , and with common laws , rules and [rules] .

Spanish rules and regulations then determine what percentage of total output will be exported and what the local component content will be .
spanish rules and [rules] then determine what percentage of total output will be exported and what the local component content will be .

‘ My company does n't make Government rules and regulations , Prime Minister , ’ he replied .
‘ my company does n't make government rules and [rules] , prime minister , ’ he replied .

‘ Quite so . But would you accept that such discriminatory rules and regulations operate to this country 's clear disadvantage ? ’
‘ quite so . but would you accept that such discriminatory rules and [rules] operate to this country 's clear disadvantage ? ’

In a churchyard at Bilston in Staffordshire stands a memorial to a mother and her two infant children , who all died within a period of three weeks in the winter of 1847 ; they are described as ‘ all victims to the neglect of sanitary regulations specially referred to in a recent lecture on Health in this town .
in a churchyard at bilston in staffordshire stands a memorial to a mother and her two infant children , who all died within a period of three weeks in the winter of 1847 ; they are described as ‘ all victims to the neglect of sanitary [rules] specially referred to in a recent lecture on health in this town .

This may be seen not only from a detailed breakdown of the sacrificial prescriptions in terms of the sex of the victim chosen for particular occasions , but more especially from an analysis of two other rituals which appeared on the scene at the same time : covenantal ( male ) circumcision and the regulations surrounding menstruation and childbirth .
this may be seen not only from a detailed breakdown of the sacrificial prescriptions in terms of the sex of the victim chosen for particular occasions , but more especially from an analysis of two other rituals which appeared on the scene at the same time : covenantal ( male ) circumcision and the [rules] surrounding menstruation and childbirth .

Although often a marginal need in food environments , where hygiene regulations require the use of head gear , it is often cheaper to use safety helmets which can be wiped clean rather than incur laundry costs from the use of linen caps .
although often a marginal need in food environments , where hygiene [rules] require the use of head gear , it is often cheaper to use safety helmets which can be wiped clean rather than incur laundry costs from the use of linen caps .

For security and safety reasons stores should be kept exclusive and the provisions of hygiene regulations usually prohibit cleaning materials being stored with food .
for security and safety reasons stores should be kept exclusive and the provisions of hygiene [rules] usually prohibit cleaning materials being stored with food .

The interesting question is whether the reform to regulations regarding fee structures in 1982 and , to a lesser extent , the greater freedom architects enjoyed from about this time to practice in a less restrictive manner have influenced the pattern of events .
the interesting question is whether the reform to [rules] regarding fee structures in 1982 and , to a lesser extent , the greater freedom architects enjoyed from about this time to practice in a less restrictive manner have influenced the pattern of events .

The relaxation of advertising regulations , initially in 1979–80 , and more fully in 1987 , seems to have had only a limited impact on the profession .
the relaxation of advertising [rules] , initially in 1979–80 , and more fully in 1987 , seems to have had only a limited impact on the profession .

Fully in accordance with the requirements of the Building Regulations , Marley Roof Tile 's new system is suitable for use with the company 's full range of 13 roof tile profiles and on roofs with a pitch of up to 35 degrees for interlocking tiles and 45 degrees for plain tiles .
fully in accordance with the requirements of the building [rules] , marley roof tile 's new system is suitable for use with the company 's full range of 13 roof tile profiles and on roofs with a pitch of up to 35 degrees for interlocking tiles and 45 degrees for plain tiles .

It was inevitable that with the unpopularity of Israeli rule , the use of mukhtars to enforce unwelcome regulations and the exposure of the village workforce to a less traditional culture in their place of work , the system lost credibility .
it was inevitable that with the unpopularity of israeli rule , the use of mukhtars to enforce unwelcome [rules] and the exposure of the village workforce to a less traditional culture in their place of work , the system lost credibility .

School rules required all girls to tie back their hair , and Victoria seemed to have a knack of observing the most oppressive and trivial regulations with grace .
school rules required all girls to tie back their hair , and victoria seemed to have a knack of observing the most oppressive and trivial [rules] with grace .

There were no regulations to prevent people from walking up the Balmoral side of the mountain when the Queen was not staying at the castle , and Richard had chosen a long ascent from the Balmoral side for the sake of privacy .
there were no [rules] to prevent people from walking up the balmoral side of the mountain when the queen was not staying at the castle , and richard had chosen a long ascent from the balmoral side for the sake of privacy .

But there is talk of citizenship involving a ‘ duty to work ’ in the United States , which could find itself transplanted to this country — indeed it already exists in some of the social security regulations — or a legal duty to control children , which is what is implied by an idea under consideration by the government to make parents responsible for fines imposed on their children .
but there is talk of citizenship involving a ‘ duty to work ’ in the united states , which could find itself transplanted to this country — indeed it already exists in some of the social security [rules] — or a legal duty to control children , which is what is implied by an idea under consideration by the government to make parents responsible for fines imposed on their children .

Rules and regulations are firmly in place , however , and it is thought to be extremely unlikely that Mrs Marcos would make any serious attempt to return the body .
rules and [rules] are firmly in place , however , and it is thought to be extremely unlikely that mrs marcos would make any serious attempt to return the body .

You have to have a series of watertight rules and regulations .
you have to have a series of watertight rules and [rules] .

‘ Sheep farming is changing , what with all the new regulations , though the farm stays in the family .
‘ sheep farming is changing , what with all the new [rules] , though the farm stays in the family .

Failure to comply with the regulations can result in a £2,000 fine or six month prison sentence .
failure to comply with the [rules] can result in a £2,000 fine or six month prison sentence .

Despite new regulations , there are still plenty of materials in most homes which could produce lethal fumes if fire broke out .
despite new [rules] , there are still plenty of materials in most homes which could produce lethal fumes if fire broke out .

If the doors are the room 's only opening to the outside air , you should choose a type with a trickle ventilator built into the top frame member to meet the requirements of the Building Regulations .
if the doors are the room 's only opening to the outside air , you should choose a type with a trickle ventilator built into the top frame member to meet the requirements of the building [rules] .

The next time you call at your local council offices to collect some forms for making a Building Regulations application , do n't be surprised if you are asked , ‘ What type of forms do you want — Full plans or Building Notice ? ’ The reason for this is that there are now two ways of getting your council 's blessing to proceed with the work you have in mind .
the next time you call at your local council offices to collect some forms for making a building [rules] application , do n't be surprised if you are asked , ‘ what type of forms do you want — full plans or building notice ? ’ the reason for this is that there are now two ways of getting your council 's blessing to proceed with the work you have in mind .

The plans are examined by the council for compliance with the Building Regulations , and if everything is in order you will receive an Approval Notice in due course , which you can then file away with your deeds .
the plans are examined by the council for compliance with the building [rules] , and if everything is in order you will receive an approval notice in due course , which you can then file away with your deeds .

Compliance with the Building Regulations is enforced by means of site inspections during the progress of the work .
compliance with the building [rules] is enforced by means of site inspections during the progress of the work .

The council is also empowered to ask for details of any unusual part of the project to prove compliance with the Building Regulations , eg special foundations for building on doubtful ground .
the council is also empowered to ask for details of any unusual part of the project to prove compliance with the building [rules] , eg special foundations for building on doubtful ground .

Your council will only provide a Building Regulations Approval Notice when Full Plans are deposited , so you will have to use this method .
your council will only provide a building [rules] approval notice when full plans are deposited , so you will have to use this method .

Regulations giving the detail of both the exemptions and the controls have not yet been finalised , so the relevant parts of the Act are not effective .
[rules] giving the detail of both the exemptions and the controls have not yet been finalised , so the relevant parts of the act are not effective .

The Minister intends to bring forward amending regulations in the autumn .
the minister intends to bring forward amending [rules] in the autumn .

The new regulations came into force on 29 July 1991 .
the new [rules] came into force on 29 july 1991 .

It was originally proposed that Supplementary Benefit and National Assistance would be removed from the provisions of Regulation 72 of the Social Security ( Adjudication ) Regulations .
it was originally proposed that supplementary benefit and national assistance would be removed from the provisions of regulation 72 of the social security ( adjudication ) [rules] .

The regulations originally were intended to come into effect on 11 September 1991 , but the commencement date was brought forward to 31 August .
the [rules] originally were intended to come into effect on 11 september 1991 , but the commencement date was brought forward to 31 august .

Two sets of regulations have been laid before Parliament which make a number of changes to Income Support , Housing Benefit and Community Charge Benefit . These include :
two sets of [rules] have been laid before parliament which make a number of changes to income support , housing benefit and community charge benefit . these include :

The Income Support ( general ) amendment no 4 regulations 1991 .
the income support ( general ) amendment no 4 [rules] 1991 .

In some cases decisions in favour of claimants went beyond the powers given in regulations .
in some cases decisions in favour of claimants went beyond the powers given in [rules] .

The book briefly describes the regulations relevant to setting up and running care homes ; looks at general issues to do with medical care in homes — such as relationships with general practitioners , prescribing and use of drugs , and admission to hospital ; and then summarises the implications of a range of clinical conditions which may affect older people in care homes .
the book briefly describes the [rules] relevant to setting up and running care homes ; looks at general issues to do with medical care in homes — such as relationships with general practitioners , prescribing and use of drugs , and admission to hospital ; and then summarises the implications of a range of clinical conditions which may affect older people in care homes .

‘ There was general anticipation of regulations which would insist that more difficult wastes were burned instead of being sent to landfill .
‘ there was general anticipation of [rules] which would insist that more difficult wastes were burned instead of being sent to landfill .

To the regret of professionals such as David Mills , the regulations never materialised and the market for merchant incinerators fell away .
to the regret of professionals such as david mills , the [rules] never materialised and the market for merchant incinerators fell away .

It is fair to say that this race lacked the energetic input normally associated with Mansell , banned from yesterday 's Grand Prix after breaking the regulations at Estoril last Sunday .
it is fair to say that this race lacked the energetic input normally associated with mansell , banned from yesterday 's grand prix after breaking the [rules] at estoril last sunday .

The obligation to urinate on demand offends many employees , particularly when an offical monitor — given the Orwellian title of ‘ Collection Site Person ’ in government regulations — stands by to guard against deceptive practices .
the obligation to urinate on demand offends many employees , particularly when an offical monitor — given the orwellian title of ‘ collection site person ’ in government [rules] — stands by to guard against deceptive practices .

Deadlines to enforce provisions of 1986 regulations to control use of pesticides have been missed , and help to develop organic farming refused .
deadlines to enforce provisions of 1986 [rules] to control use of pesticides have been missed , and help to develop organic farming refused .

Fimbra itself is now beginning to admit some of its rules and regulations may have been ‘ too onerous ’ .
fimbra itself is now beginning to admit some of its rules and [rules] may have been ‘ too onerous ’ .

Then the Fimbra straitjacket of rules and regulations descended .
then the fimbra straitjacket of rules and [rules] descended .

Abolition of the business class regulations is a potentially liberating move .
abolition of the business class [rules] is a potentially liberating move .

The single market programme requires each member state to turn 279 rules and regulations into national law .
the single market programme requires each member state to turn 279 rules and [rules] into national law .

The single market programme requires each member state to turn 279 rules and regulations into national law .
the single market programme requires each member state to turn 279 rules and [rules] into national law .

Mr Eccles says non-EC groups are also looking at the new regulations to identify ‘ schemes that overcome the more onerous ownership restrictions ’ .
mr eccles says non-ec groups are also looking at the new [rules] to identify ‘ schemes that overcome the more onerous ownership restrictions ’ .

Abolition of the business class regulations is a potentially liberating move .
abolition of the business class [rules] is a potentially liberating move .

His impending move brings the punitive changes to the amateur regulations into a sharp focus .
his impending move brings the punitive changes to the amateur [rules] into a sharp focus .

Defending charges which range from insider trading to more obscure practices like stock parking and failure to comply with statutory regulations , those indicted in New York and London have become players in a wider drama , witnesses to a bigger crime in which business ethics were corrupted by a decade which praised money-making not morality .
defending charges which range from insider trading to more obscure practices like stock parking and failure to comply with statutory [rules] , those indicted in new york and london have become players in a wider drama , witnesses to a bigger crime in which business ethics were corrupted by a decade which praised money-making not morality .

Does the school share in the celebration of non-Christian festivals ? Care needs to be taken that the school does n't breach the regulations imposed by the Education Reform Act .
does the school share in the celebration of non-christian festivals ? care needs to be taken that the school does n't breach the [rules] imposed by the education reform act .

Every school is required by law ( Education [ School Information ] Regulations 1981 and Education Reform Act 1988 , Circular 1988 , Circular 14/89 ) to produce a prospectus which must contain at least the following information :
every school is required by law ( education [ school information ] [rules] 1981 and education reform act 1988 , circular 1988 , circular 14/89 ) to produce a prospectus which must contain at least the following information :

It 's fortunate that the requirements are that only details of regulations need be published making it possible to summarise the regulations and translate them into a more user friendly language yet still comply with the law .
it 's fortunate that the requirements are that only details of [rules] need be published making it possible to summarise the [rules] and translate them into a more user friendly language yet still comply with the law .

For example , it may be that admitting pupils up to the standard number would mean the school taking in more than it can accommodate by virtue of the Education ( School Premises ) Regulations 1981 .
for example , it may be that admitting pupils up to the standard number would mean the school taking in more than it can accommodate by virtue of the education ( school premises ) [rules] 1981 .

But in addition to imposing duties on LEAs , a major feature of the Act , the regulations made under it , and the Circulars issued in respect of it , is an emphasis on securing parental involvement .
but in addition to imposing duties on leas , a major feature of the act , the [rules] made under it , and the circulars issued in respect of it , is an emphasis on securing parental involvement .

There is not the space here for a detailed examination of the regime laid down in the 1981 Act and the Education ( Special Educational Needs ) Regulations 1983 , as amended .
there is not the space here for a detailed examination of the regime laid down in the 1981 act and the education ( special educational needs ) [rules] 1983 , as amended .

For manual files ( which includes the majority of school files ) the relevant law is the Education ( School Records ) Regulations 1989 .
for manual files ( which includes the majority of school files ) the relevant law is the education ( school records ) [rules] 1989 .

The Regulations require from September 1989 that each maintained school , special school and grant-maintained school must keep a curricular record annually updated for each registered pupil at the school .
the [rules] require from september 1989 that each maintained school , special school and grant-maintained school must keep a curricular record annually updated for each registered pupil at the school .

The Regulations recognise that a teacher may keep notes on a pupil simply for his or her own use .
the [rules] recognise that a teacher may keep notes on a pupil simply for his or her own use .

However , it is not even clear in the Regulations that the governors have any such discretion .
however , it is not even clear in the [rules] that the governors have any such discretion .

The Regulations require the governors to arrange procedures for complying with requests for access within 15 school days and for correcting or removing any parts agreed to be inaccurate and to hear appeals .
the [rules] require the governors to arrange procedures for complying with requests for access within 15 school days and for correcting or removing any parts agreed to be inaccurate and to hear appeals .

The Regulations for manual records make the position much easier to administer for the school though they may perhaps cause more family friction .
the [rules] for manual records make the position much easier to administer for the school though they may perhaps cause more family friction .

Thus the Regulations aim to ensure that useful information will be passed on but possibly prejudicial information will not .
thus the [rules] aim to ensure that useful information will be passed on but possibly prejudicial information will not .

Neither do the Regulations say anything about limits to any other disclosures of the record ( apart from the exempt parts ) .
neither do the [rules] say anything about limits to any other disclosures of the record ( apart from the exempt parts ) .

Care must be taken not to read more than is said into reports from others , particularly since the Regulations exclude access to the original report but a teacher 's use of it may be on the record .
care must be taken not to read more than is said into reports from others , particularly since the [rules] exclude access to the original report but a teacher 's use of it may be on the record .

That the policy is not restricted to increasing the knowledge of parents of pupils is seen by the access provisions under the various Regulations .
that the policy is not restricted to increasing the knowledge of parents of pupils is seen by the access provisions under the various [rules] .

Thus the main regulations of 1981 ( as amended ) provide that the authority must make available information on all its schools and the authority 's policies on such matters as examination entries , special educational needs and charging and remission on charges .
thus the main [rules] of 1981 ( as amended ) provide that the authority must make available information on all its schools and the authority 's policies on such matters as examination entries , special educational needs and charging and remission on charges .

Similar provision is made , for example , by the Education ( Publication of Schemes for Financing Schools ) Regulations 1989 , whereby a copy of any such scheme must be available for reference ‘ by parents and other persons at all reasonable times and without charge ’ at the school , public libraries and education offices .
similar provision is made , for example , by the education ( publication of schemes for financing schools ) [rules] 1989 , whereby a copy of any such scheme must be available for reference ‘ by parents and other persons at all reasonable times and without charge ’ at the school , public libraries and education offices .

The 1981 Regulations have been much amended and extended so that now each school must provide a School Prospectus containing a long list of prescribed information , including information about the curriculum , qualifications obtainable and careers education , and an Annual Report , including updates to the prospectus and dates and times of the school term .
the 1981 [rules] have been much amended and extended so that now each school must provide a school prospectus containing a long list of prescribed information , including information about the curriculum , qualifications obtainable and careers education , and an annual report , including updates to the prospectus and dates and times of the school term .

The School Government Regulations even allow the governors to decide that any matter ‘ by reason of its nature ’ should be treated as confidential and so exclude papers and minutes about it from public scrutiny .
the school government [rules] even allow the governors to decide that any matter ‘ by reason of its nature ’ should be treated as confidential and so exclude papers and minutes about it from public scrutiny .

Thus the general scheme of the Regulations is to give public information about the authority and the school but to leave the governors free to make controversial decisions behind closed doors and without public knowledge .
thus the general scheme of the [rules] is to give public information about the authority and the school but to leave the governors free to make controversial decisions behind closed doors and without public knowledge .

Meanwhile the new regulations on provision of and access to information ( discussed in Chapter 5 ) will , in addition to raising levels of public accountability , increase the already substantial administrative burden resulting from the Act .
meanwhile the new [rules] on provision of and access to information ( discussed in chapter 5 ) will , in addition to raising levels of public accountability , increase the already substantial administrative burden resulting from the act .

Regulations , which came into force on 1 August 1989 , prescribe the circumstances in which a direction by the head teacher under section 19 may be given .
[rules] , which came into force on 1 august 1989 , prescribe the circumstances in which a direction by the head teacher under section 19 may be given .

But prison regulations then ( and now ) permit prisoners to have only radios that operate on the medium and long waves .
but prison [rules] then ( and now ) permit prisoners to have only radios that operate on the medium and long waves .

… the profound darkness of every part of the city in which there are not shops illuminated by the owners with gas … there is not a little country town in England which is not incomparably better lighted than any street in Paris which depends for its illumination upon the public regulations of the City .
… the profound darkness of every part of the city in which there are not shops illuminated by the owners with gas … there is not a little country town in england which is not incomparably better lighted than any street in paris which depends for its illumination upon the public [rules] of the city .

The National Curriculum will apply to such children unless some or all of its requirements are temporarily disapplied by the headteacher in accordance with regulations made under Section 19 of the 1988 Act , or unless the pupils fall within any of the cases or circumstances entailing modified requirements which may be specified in Orders dealing with individual foundation subjects .
the national curriculum will apply to such children unless some or all of its requirements are temporarily disapplied by the headteacher in accordance with [rules] made under section 19 of the 1988 act , or unless the pupils fall within any of the cases or circumstances entailing modified requirements which may be specified in orders dealing with individual foundation subjects .

Does the vehicle comply with the construction and use regulations applicable to its age ?
does the vehicle comply with the construction and use [rules] applicable to its age ?

As Robyn Penrose is winding up her lecture , and Vic Wilcox is commencing his tour of the machine shop , Philip Swallow returns from a rather tiresome meeting of the Arts Faculty Postgraduate Studies Committee ( which wrangled for two hours about the proposed revision of a clause in the PhD regulations and then voted to leave it unchanged , an expenditure of time that seemed all the more vain since there are scarcely any new candidates for the PhD in arts subjects anyway these days ) to find a rather disturbing message from the Vice-Chancellor 's office .
as robyn penrose is winding up her lecture , and vic wilcox is commencing his tour of the machine shop , philip swallow returns from a rather tiresome meeting of the arts faculty postgraduate studies committee ( which wrangled for two hours about the proposed revision of a clause in the phd [rules] and then voted to leave it unchanged , an expenditure of time that seemed all the more vain since there are scarcely any new candidates for the phd in arts subjects anyway these days ) to find a rather disturbing message from the vice-chancellor 's office .

Strict regulations surrounded their handling , treatment and movement .
strict [rules] surrounded their handling , treatment and movement .

The fact that an internal investigation eventually revealed that the problem was caused by the failure of a ‘ crudely hand-ground ’ bolt which had been fitted , against all regulations , when the power station was built , hardly added to confidence in the supposedly super-efficient nuclear industry .
the fact that an internal investigation eventually revealed that the problem was caused by the failure of a ‘ crudely hand-ground ’ bolt which had been fitted , against all [rules] , when the power station was built , hardly added to confidence in the supposedly super-efficient nuclear industry .

The general public would n't be interested in the subtleties of unfair regulations and the clear imbalance of resources .
the general public would n't be interested in the subtleties of unfair [rules] and the clear imbalance of resources .

In certain circumstances , cultivators may gain some land from the break-up of large estates , and often workers are rewarded with new regulations on conditions and pay .
in certain circumstances , cultivators may gain some land from the break-up of large estates , and often workers are rewarded with new [rules] on conditions and pay .

John Henderson takes a light-hearted look at some of the curious dress regulations in the equestrian world
john henderson takes a light-hearted look at some of the curious dress [rules] in the equestrian world

Indeed , in motorsport it 's not the colour of your clothes that matters , it 's whether they are fireproof , and the regulations stipulate that everything has to comply to the relevant safety standards .
indeed , in motorsport it 's not the colour of your clothes that matters , it 's whether they are fireproof , and the [rules] stipulate that everything has to comply to the relevant safety standards .

Is n't it about time someone took a long hard look at the laughable regulations on what riders wear and questioned whether they benefit the sport ?
is n't it about time someone took a long hard look at the laughable [rules] on what riders wear and questioned whether they benefit the sport ?

Peat cutting became a major industry in the Lancashire mosses in the nineteenth century , and on maps of Wicken Fen and Hatfield Chase , you will find ‘ Poor Piece ’ , which was where the local cottagers could cut peat for themselves , subject to regulations prescribing a limited season for peat cutting and insisting that a man may extract as much peat as he can , provided he does not employ assistance .
peat cutting became a major industry in the lancashire mosses in the nineteenth century , and on maps of wicken fen and hatfield chase , you will find ‘ poor piece ’ , which was where the local cottagers could cut peat for themselves , subject to [rules] prescribing a limited season for peat cutting and insisting that a man may extract as much peat as he can , provided he does not employ assistance .

There were no good rules and regulations , and hospitals and insurance companies felt that they ought not to sit down and make them because , once they made them , they were admitting that these things were taking place and that such decisions were being made and were subject not only to public scrutiny but a threat of medical malpractice suits .
there were no good rules and [rules] , and hospitals and insurance companies felt that they ought not to sit down and make them because , once they made them , they were admitting that these things were taking place and that such decisions were being made and were subject not only to public scrutiny but a threat of medical malpractice suits .

The roof , however , was only six years old and a structural analysis subsequently carried out by a structural engineer showed that not only was it impossible for that roof to slip , but furthermore it was twice as strong as the Building Regulations required .
the roof , however , was only six years old and a structural analysis subsequently carried out by a structural engineer showed that not only was it impossible for that roof to slip , but furthermore it was twice as strong as the building [rules] required .

They also found that Building Regulations and Codes of practice were regularly infringed , and experience suggests that a considerable number of faults had been concealed .
they also found that building [rules] and codes of practice were regularly infringed , and experience suggests that a considerable number of faults had been concealed .

The design and size of the roof timbers is governed by the Building Regulations and approved by the local authority .
the design and size of the roof timbers is governed by the building [rules] and approved by the local authority .

The design of foundations ( and superstructure ) is specified by the Building Regulations and Codes of practice .
the design of foundations ( and superstructure ) is specified by the building [rules] and codes of practice .

The quality of materials used in walls is governed by the Building Regulations , but the walls themselves may be built of bricks , blocks , stone , concrete or timber .
the quality of materials used in walls is governed by the building [rules] , but the walls themselves may be built of bricks , blocks , stone , concrete or timber .

In all new buildings they should carry guarantees of quality and certificates of compliance with Building Regulations , Codes of practice and British Standards .
in all new buildings they should carry guarantees of quality and certificates of compliance with building [rules] , codes of practice and british standards .

All the same , the potential exists , and it is only since September 1983 that new regulations on the treatment of timber-frame houses with preservatives have come into force .
all the same , the potential exists , and it is only since september 1983 that new [rules] on the treatment of timber-frame houses with preservatives have come into force .

It also commented that the Building Regulations required installation of cavity barriers to limit fire spread and a completely fire-resistant lining to the inside of the dwelling .
it also commented that the building [rules] required installation of cavity barriers to limit fire spread and a completely fire-resistant lining to the inside of the dwelling .

These prohibitive regulations were similar to those that many other peoples in different parts of the world have observed at changes in the appearance of the moon , but the Babylonians influenced the Jews , who in their turn influenced the early Christians and eventually ourselves .
these prohibitive [rules] were similar to those that many other peoples in different parts of the world have observed at changes in the appearance of the moon , but the babylonians influenced the jews , who in their turn influenced the early christians and eventually ourselves .

Nothing had done more to encourage this belief than the Church with its ecclesiastical calendar and regulations concerning what could or could not be done on specific days .
nothing had done more to encourage this belief than the church with its ecclesiastical calendar and [rules] concerning what could or could not be done on specific days .

This explanation of urban poverty in terms of ‘ perverse incentives ’ is being picked up by the right wing in Britain and used as the basis for proposals for new policies and regulations regarding unemployment benefit , income support , and housing entitlement as they apply to lone mothers .
this explanation of urban poverty in terms of ‘ perverse incentives ’ is being picked up by the right wing in britain and used as the basis for proposals for new policies and [rules] regarding unemployment benefit , income support , and housing entitlement as they apply to lone mothers .

Recent changes in social security regulations add to this .
recent changes in social security [rules] add to this .

Freedoms may also be suspended by Emergency Regulations promulgated by the Privy Council during a national emergency .
freedoms may also be suspended by emergency [rules] promulgated by the privy council during a national emergency .

The Home Secretary has power to modify or supplement the data protection principles to provide additional safeguards for these categories ; it will be interesting to see what these additional regulations will contain .
the home secretary has power to modify or supplement the data protection principles to provide additional safeguards for these categories ; it will be interesting to see what these additional [rules] will contain .

Today undoubtedly a marriage involves fewer regulations regarding property between spouses than it did in the eighteenth century .
today undoubtedly a marriage involves fewer [rules] regarding property between spouses than it did in the eighteenth century .

At Basle , environmentalists also called for stricter regulations on facilities for disposal of toxic waste in importing countries .
at basle , environmentalists also called for stricter [rules] on facilities for disposal of toxic waste in importing countries .

If traders are arrested for breaking regulations and taken to court it 's highly unlikely they will be sent to prison and fines are usually very low .
if traders are arrested for breaking [rules] and taken to court it 's highly unlikely they will be sent to prison and fines are usually very low .

To help customers keep food in good condition , the new Food Labelling ( Amendment ) Regulations 1990 requires almost all foods have carried one of two types of date mark — ‘ Use by ’ or ‘ Best before ’ .
to help customers keep food in good condition , the new food labelling ( amendment ) [rules] 1990 requires almost all foods have carried one of two types of date mark — ‘ use by ’ or ‘ best before ’ .

The enterprise zone concept sees inner cities , in effect , as ‘ urban frontiers ’ constrained by regulations and a tax code that is irrelevant to the problems and opportunities that exist .
the enterprise zone concept sees inner cities , in effect , as ‘ urban frontiers ’ constrained by [rules] and a tax code that is irrelevant to the problems and opportunities that exist .

Where are the regulations for social relations ?
where are the [rules] for social relations ?

Italy is a black hole as far as regulations are concerned ; they disappear without trace .
italy is a black hole as far as [rules] are concerned ; they disappear without trace .

Indeed , he believed his skull to be so exceptional that he willed that after his death it be given to a doctor for examination , but nineteenth century sentiment and regulations prevented this from being carried out .
indeed , he believed his skull to be so exceptional that he willed that after his death it be given to a doctor for examination , but nineteenth century sentiment and [rules] prevented this from being carried out .

173 to 178 of the Local Government Act 1972 and the Local Government ( Allowances ) Regulations 1986 ( as amended ) .
173 to 178 of the local government act 1972 and the local government ( allowances ) [rules] 1986 ( as amended ) .

It is the payment of such reasonable amount as the council itself determines , subject to a ceiling in the form of an amount prescribed by the Secretary of State in the Regulations .
it is the payment of such reasonable amount as the council itself determines , subject to a ceiling in the form of an amount prescribed by the secretary of state in the [rules] .

The normal method of recovering the amount due is by application to the proper financial officer of the council , on the appropriate form of application as set out in the Regulations . It must be made perfectly clear that the member of the council was engaged on ‘ approved duty ’ which is defined in section 177(2) of the Local Government Act 1972 as follows : —
the normal method of recovering the amount due is by application to the proper financial officer of the council , on the appropriate form of application as set out in the [rules] . it must be made perfectly clear that the member of the council was engaged on ‘ approved duty ’ which is defined in section 177(2) of the local government act 1972 as follows : —

Child protection has therefore been given priority status , resulting in a plethora of legislation , directives , regulations and procedures , all adopted to protect the well-being of children .
child protection has therefore been given priority status , resulting in a plethora of legislation , directives , [rules] and procedures , all adopted to protect the well-being of children .

Since 1983 , changes in social security regulations have given private-sector providers of residential and nursing-home care the confidence to expand because a subsidy was available for those residents without means or who ran out of money to pay the fees .
since 1983 , changes in social security [rules] have given private-sector providers of residential and nursing-home care the confidence to expand because a subsidy was available for those residents without means or who ran out of money to pay the fees .

The answer is not to fall back on the offensive utilisation of a harmless birthday , but to write into constitutions strict regulations about terms of appointment .
the answer is not to fall back on the offensive utilisation of a harmless birthday , but to write into constitutions strict [rules] about terms of appointment .

Tottenham were furious and protested to the League , only to be told that under wartime regulations it was perfectly in order .
tottenham were furious and protested to the league , only to be told that under wartime [rules] it was perfectly in order .

In October 1919 an inquiry began into allegations that City had broken wartime regulations by paying players more than the permitted rates .
in october 1919 an inquiry began into allegations that city had broken wartime [rules] by paying players more than the permitted rates .

She found that of the 16 libraries which retained archive files of statistics , the following principal uses were recorded : monitoring book use for duplication of titles ( 10 libraries ) ; fund allocation ( 5 ) ; monitoring book use for change of loan status of books ( 5 ) ; and for relegation purposes ( 5 ) ; examination of interdisciplinary use of stock ( 3 ) ; monitoring loans for possible changes in loan regulations ( 2 ) .
she found that of the 16 libraries which retained archive files of statistics , the following principal uses were recorded : monitoring book use for duplication of titles ( 10 libraries ) ; fund allocation ( 5 ) ; monitoring book use for change of loan status of books ( 5 ) ; and for relegation purposes ( 5 ) ; examination of interdisciplinary use of stock ( 3 ) ; monitoring loans for possible changes in loan [rules] ( 2 ) .

Regulations such as conservation constraints can also constitute a specific handicap as can urban fringe problems but the presence of ‘ poor land ’ is a basic qualification .
[rules] such as conservation constraints can also constitute a specific handicap as can urban fringe problems but the presence of ‘ poor land ’ is a basic qualification .

National Parks in France are generally not populated and they have regulations controlling all potentially damaging activities , including agricultural change .
national parks in france are generally not populated and they have [rules] controlling all potentially damaging activities , including agricultural change .

The unit could take some credit then for the change in the supplementary benefit adjudication regulations that followed as a result .
the unit could take some credit then for the change in the supplementary benefit adjudication [rules] that followed as a result .

The adviser 's stress may be further compounded by the feeling that the regulations are unfair .
the adviser 's stress may be further compounded by the feeling that the [rules] are unfair .

Ever-changing regulations cause stress both because of the need to become familiar with new rules and because of the sensitivity needed to cope with clients who may be worse off after the changes .
ever-changing [rules] cause stress both because of the need to become familiar with new rules and because of the sensitivity needed to cope with clients who may be worse off after the changes .

Legislative changes in benefit regulations of course cause difficulties at the Department of Social Security which is already unable to cope .
legislative changes in benefit [rules] of course cause difficulties at the department of social security which is already unable to cope .

The 1988 changes to social security regulations have been considered by some to constitute the biggest overhaul in welfare benefits since their introduction by Beveridge in 1948 .
the 1988 changes to social security [rules] have been considered by some to constitute the biggest overhaul in welfare benefits since their introduction by beveridge in 1948 .

We can make laws and regulations about pollution or wildlife trade until we are blue in the face , but without enough money for enforcement they will not be effective .
we can make laws and [rules] about pollution or wildlife trade until we are blue in the face , but without enough money for enforcement they will not be effective .

You must also take into account any local exchange control regulations , the effect of which may make it sensible for the contract to stipulate that part of your salary shall be credited to you elsewhere .
you must also take into account any local exchange control [rules] , the effect of which may make it sensible for the contract to stipulate that part of your salary shall be credited to you elsewhere .

Familiarising yourself with your contractual duties and the company 's rules and regulations is therefore an essential first step in the survival process .
familiarising yourself with your contractual duties and the company 's rules and [rules] is therefore an essential first step in the survival process .

If your employer 's trade or business is sold , your job rights will depend upon whether or not the Transfer of Undertakings ( Protection of Employment ) Regulations of 1981 are applicable .
if your employer 's trade or business is sold , your job rights will depend upon whether or not the transfer of undertakings ( protection of employment ) [rules] of 1981 are applicable .

Unfortunately the Regulations , which do not apply where all that happens is a sale of shares in a limited company , are extremely complex .
unfortunately the [rules] , which do not apply where all that happens is a sale of shares in a limited company , are extremely complex .

To summarise , the Regulations come into play when there is a relevant transfer , ie :
to summarise , the [rules] come into play when there is a relevant transfer , ie :

Social security benefits will be set off against your loss ; the relevant rules are contained in detailed regulations .
social security benefits will be set off against your loss ; the relevant rules are contained in detailed [rules] .

This is a welcome and long overdue development but at the time of writing the detailed regulations bringing it into force have yet to be published .
this is a welcome and long overdue development but at the time of writing the detailed [rules] bringing it into force have yet to be published .

Explosives , most radio active waste , mine and quarry waste , and waste discharged under a valid trade effluent consent have their own regulations .
explosives , most radio active waste , mine and quarry waste , and waste discharged under a valid trade effluent consent have their own [rules] .

1 April 1992 saw the introduction of the government 's new Duty of Care regulations under which most companies who produce or handle waste will become directly responsible for its safe management from ‘ cradle to grave ’ .
1 april 1992 saw the introduction of the government 's new duty of care [rules] under which most companies who produce or handle waste will become directly responsible for its safe management from ‘ cradle to grave ’ .

The building regulations of the Department of the Environment suggest a number of ways of doing this .
the building [rules] of the department of the environment suggest a number of ways of doing this .

Water quality regulations
water quality [rules]

An historic meeting of the Water Chemistry Forum was held on 3 December 1991 on the subject of Water quality regulations — the analytical challenge .
an historic meeting of the water chemistry forum was held on 3 december 1991 on the subject of water quality [rules] — the analytical challenge .

as if lax regulations are not enough consumers put themselves at risk by careless use of refrigerators and microwaves .
as if lax [rules] are not enough consumers put themselves at risk by careless use of refrigerators and microwaves .

In practice , this means that the analyst needs to take account of such factors as the rules , regulations , and criteria for performance laid down by the parent organisation .
in practice , this means that the analyst needs to take account of such factors as the rules , [rules] , and criteria for performance laid down by the parent organisation .

information about rules and regulations
information about rules and [rules]

There are those who grow up in a very rigid and often fiercely religious environment , crushed into a mould , dictated by unbending rules and regulations , where little demonstrative love is shown .
there are those who grow up in a very rigid and often fiercely religious environment , crushed into a mould , dictated by unbending rules and [rules] , where little demonstrative love is shown .

As in other aspects of police life , detailed regulations governed the minutiae of dress .
as in other aspects of police life , detailed [rules] governed the minutiae of dress .

It did Thom himself little good but it exacerbated the inarticulate anger of other officers at the pettiness of the regulations in the face of the array of temptations .
it did thom himself little good but it exacerbated the inarticulate anger of other officers at the pettiness of the [rules] in the face of the array of temptations .

The body of penal regulations was counterbalanced by some rewards .
the body of penal [rules] was counterbalanced by some rewards .

Classroom infrastructure tends to appear similar in different societies ; what is most various is the bureaucratic superstructure , which attempts to translate rhetoric into regulations and routine procedures for monitoring and controlling what goes on in the classrooms .
classroom infrastructure tends to appear similar in different societies ; what is most various is the bureaucratic superstructure , which attempts to translate rhetoric into [rules] and routine procedures for monitoring and controlling what goes on in the classrooms .

Indeed the National Curriculum is expressed in terms of subjects — the same list , technology apart , and in the same order as that contained in the secondary regulations of 1904 .
indeed the national curriculum is expressed in terms of subjects — the same list , technology apart , and in the same order as that contained in the secondary [rules] of 1904 .

Consideration of rules and regulations was deferred to the next meeting .
consideration of rules and [rules] was deferred to the next meeting .

Vial was asked to draw up regulations for the school and infirmary , keeping in mind the example of the foreign veterinary schools .
vial was asked to draw up [rules] for the school and infirmary , keeping in mind the example of the foreign veterinary schools .

These College regulations , based closely on those in the French veterinary schools , although reduced in number and somewhat ameliorated , set out for resident pupils a pretty strictly regimented way of life , against which they occasionally rebelled .
these college [rules] , based closely on those in the french veterinary schools , although reduced in number and somewhat ameliorated , set out for resident pupils a pretty strictly regimented way of life , against which they occasionally rebelled .

The original regulations of the College stated that candidates for entry must not be under 15 nor over 22 years of age , and that preference would be given to those youths who had received the elements of a good education .
the original [rules] of the college stated that candidates for entry must not be under 15 nor over 22 years of age , and that preference would be given to those youths who had received the elements of a good education .

In the light of reading students ' reports , the college might offer an updating course on health and safety regulations , or on hygiene legislation .
in the light of reading students ' reports , the college might offer an updating course on health and safety [rules] , or on hygiene legislation .

Following the Health and Safety ( Emissions into the Atmosphere ) Regulations 1983 , referred to earlier it is expected that local authorities will take over the responsibility for prosecuting persons for such offences , as Regulation 7 repeals s.78 ( 3 ) of the 1974 Act which had required proceedings to be instituted by an inspector appointed under s. 19 of the Health and Safety at Work , etc .
following the health and safety ( emissions into the atmosphere ) [rules] 1983 , referred to earlier it is expected that local authorities will take over the responsibility for prosecuting persons for such offences , as regulation 7 repeals s.78 ( 3 ) of the 1974 act which had required proceedings to be instituted by an inspector appointed under s. 19 of the health and safety at work , etc .

Section 1 of the Clean Air Act 1956 prohibits the emission of dark smoke from a chimney of any building , whilst allowing regulations to be made exempting emissions for prescribed periods .
section 1 of the clean air act 1956 prohibits the emission of dark smoke from a chimney of any building , whilst allowing [rules] to be made exempting emissions for prescribed periods .

Dark smoke from the burning of rubbish in connection with demolition work , is however in certain circumstances , permitted by regulations being a necessary evil .
dark smoke from the burning of rubbish in connection with demolition work , is however in certain circumstances , permitted by [rules] being a necessary evil .

, Works Regulation Act 1906 as amended by The Health and Safety ( Emissions into the Atmosphere ) Regulations 1983 .
, works regulation act 1906 as amended by the health and safety ( emissions into the atmosphere ) [rules] 1983 .

Consequently there appears no reason why regulations could not be included in such an agreement which prevent or restrict odour emissions , particularly as the 1971 Act provides that a local planning authority may take into account the ‘ improvement of the physical environment ’ .
consequently there appears no reason why [rules] could not be included in such an agreement which prevent or restrict odour emissions , particularly as the 1971 act provides that a local planning authority may take into account the ‘ improvement of the physical environment ’ .

Positive regulations requiring the developer to install equipment to prevent , and or abate odour pollution would probably be unenforceable as s.52 ( 2 ) , which overcomes the limitations of privity of contract , does so by the fiction of placing the local authority in the same position as a landowner entitled to enforce a convenant against an adjoining landowner .
positive [rules] requiring the developer to install equipment to prevent , and or abate odour pollution would probably be unenforceable as s.52 ( 2 ) , which overcomes the limitations of privity of contract , does so by the fiction of placing the local authority in the same position as a landowner entitled to enforce a convenant against an adjoining landowner .

The result is that only those negative regulations , restrictive in nature , contained in a s.52 agreement may be enforced against successors in title who have notice of such an agreement .
the result is that only those negative [rules] , restrictive in nature , contained in a s.52 agreement may be enforced against successors in title who have notice of such an agreement .

Regulations and Approved Codes of Practice made under those statutes .
[rules] and approved codes of practice made under those statutes .

It is envisaged that the existing health and safety regulations , the Factories Act 1961 , the Offices , Shops and Railway Premises Act 1963 and the Agriculture ( Safety Health and Welfare Provisions ) Act 1956 will all be gradually replaced by revised and updated legislation in the form of regulations and codes of practice .
it is envisaged that the existing health and safety [rules] , the factories act 1961 , the offices , shops and railway premises act 1963 and the agriculture ( safety health and welfare provisions ) act 1956 will all be gradually replaced by revised and updated legislation in the form of [rules] and codes of practice .

The worst problem was to try to explain quarantine regulations to the black-clothed mothers who would not go away from the main gates and wailed bitterly ‘ Oh !
the worst problem was to try to explain quarantine [rules] to the black-clothed mothers who would not go away from the main gates and wailed bitterly ‘ oh !

Secondly , what they can do is further restrained by an interlocking web of assumptions , rules and regulations .
secondly , what they can do is further restrained by an interlocking web of assumptions , rules and [rules] .

The 1989 Schools ' Regulations allow governing bodies to delegate some of their responsibilities to sub-committees or to individuals , though the governing body can still be held legally responsible for any actions taken under these delegated powers .
the 1989 schools ' [rules] allow governing bodies to delegate some of their responsibilities to sub-committees or to individuals , though the governing body can still be held legally responsible for any actions taken under these delegated powers .

The 1989 School Government Regulations elaborate upon this and clarify the powers of the school 's governing body to delegate decision making further . The regulations make it clear that certain decision-making powers must be exercised by the full governing body , including :
the 1989 school government [rules] elaborate upon this and clarify the powers of the school 's governing body to delegate decision making further . the [rules] make it clear that certain decision-making powers must be exercised by the full governing body , including :

However , the legislation itself ( 1988 Act and 1989 Regulations ) does not require the involvement of teachers ( other than headteacher ) in the school 's decision-making process .
however , the legislation itself ( 1988 act and 1989 [rules] ) does not require the involvement of teachers ( other than headteacher ) in the school 's decision-making process .

But there is scope within the regulations for special funding , as explained in Chapter 1 .
but there is scope within the [rules] for special funding , as explained in chapter 1 .

Since one of the principal objects of this single market is to promote competition , restrictive trading agreements and unfair monopolistic practices are prohibited by the Treaty of Rome and Community regulations .
since one of the principal objects of this single market is to promote competition , restrictive trading agreements and unfair monopolistic practices are prohibited by the treaty of rome and community [rules] .

Competition within the single market should be free and fair , regulations and standards should , where necessary , be approximated to enable the single market to function efficiently and effectively in practical as well as legal terms .
competition within the single market should be free and fair , [rules] and standards should , where necessary , be approximated to enable the single market to function efficiently and effectively in practical as well as legal terms .

Technical barriers to trade arise from differing national product regulations and standards .
technical barriers to trade arise from differing national product [rules] and standards .

They , too , increase costs as businesses must surmount a host of differing national rules and regulations if they wish to trade in a number of Member States .
they , too , increase costs as businesses must surmount a host of differing national rules and [rules] if they wish to trade in a number of member states .

Whereas the right of establishment entitles a company incorporated in one member state to set up agencies , branches and subsidiaries , without discrimination on grounds of nationality , in the territory of another , the purpose of the freedom to provide services is to enable a company established in one member state to do business in the territory of another without setting up agencies , branches or subsidiaries , and indeed without complying with all the rules and regulations of the second state , as explained below .
whereas the right of establishment entitles a company incorporated in one member state to set up agencies , branches and subsidiaries , without discrimination on grounds of nationality , in the territory of another , the purpose of the freedom to provide services is to enable a company established in one member state to do business in the territory of another without setting up agencies , branches or subsidiaries , and indeed without complying with all the rules and [rules] of the second state , as explained below .

The latter are , in principle , subject to all the rules and regulations of the host state .
the latter are , in principle , subject to all the rules and [rules] of the host state .

The existence of different laws , regulations and administrative requirements in the field of establishment and services has the practical effect that the Community market remains partitioned and compartmentalised .
the existence of different laws , [rules] and administrative requirements in the field of establishment and services has the practical effect that the community market remains partitioned and compartmentalised .

On 22 December 1986 the Council of Ministers adopted four Regulations , the effect of which was to implement the application of the competition rules of the Treaty of Rome to the maritime transport sector .
on 22 december 1986 the council of ministers adopted four [rules] , the effect of which was to implement the application of the competition rules of the treaty of rome to the maritime transport sector .

In addition to block exemptions which apply to the regulations implementing the competition rules to the air and maritime sectors , block exemptions have been enacted to cover exclusive supply and distribution agreements , patent licensing agreements , know-how licensing agreements , franchising agreements , motor vehicle distribution and servicing agreements , specialisation agreements and research and development agreements .
in addition to block exemptions which apply to the [rules] implementing the competition rules to the air and maritime sectors , block exemptions have been enacted to cover exclusive supply and distribution agreements , patent licensing agreements , know-how licensing agreements , franchising agreements , motor vehicle distribution and servicing agreements , specialisation agreements and research and development agreements .

This section refers to Council Regulation 4064/89 on the control of concentrations between undertakings ( the Merger Regulation ) and to the various Regulations and Notices adopted by the Commission in application of the Merger Regulation , as well as to interpretative statements published by the Commission and the Council at the time of its adoption .
this section refers to council regulation 4064/89 on the control of concentrations between undertakings ( the merger regulation ) and to the various [rules] and notices adopted by the commission in application of the merger regulation , as well as to interpretative statements published by the commission and the council at the time of its adoption .

Once this has been done , it is hoped to set a second study in motion to consider the possibility of using expert systems to guide the personnel who do the actual licensing through the maze of rules and regulations that they have to consider .
once this has been done , it is hoped to set a second study in motion to consider the possibility of using expert systems to guide the personnel who do the actual licensing through the maze of rules and [rules] that they have to consider .

Under safety regulations , no jockey was allowed to ride in a race within one week of being concussed .
under safety [rules] , no jockey was allowed to ride in a race within one week of being concussed .

The director of each society was required to submit its rules for approval to Mr Tidd Pratt the barrister who certified Saving Banks regulations , and afterwards to have them approved by the magistrates at quarter sessions .
the director of each society was required to submit its rules for approval to mr tidd pratt the barrister who certified saving banks [rules] , and afterwards to have them approved by the magistrates at quarter sessions .

Obligatory use of Annual Percentage Rate was introduced in 1980 , but the main regulations issued under the Act did not come into force until May 1985 .
obligatory use of annual percentage rate was introduced in 1980 , but the main [rules] issued under the act did not come into force until may 1985 .

In 1598 the wakeman and ‘ his bretheren ’ met to compile a set of regulations , the Towne Book , to prevent :
in 1598 the wakeman and ‘ his bretheren ’ met to compile a set of [rules] , the towne book , to prevent :

Yet the latrines are illegal , because Kenya 's building regulations , written in colonial days , forbid them inside houses .
yet the latrines are illegal , because kenya 's building [rules] , written in colonial days , forbid them inside houses .

The claimed legal instrument is an acrobatic interpretation of the Export Administration Regulations and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations — under which , the security pushers insist , public disclosure of scientific knowledge can be restricted , even if it is unclassified .
the claimed legal instrument is an acrobatic interpretation of the export administration [rules] and the international traffic in arms [rules] — under which , the security pushers insist , public disclosure of scientific knowledge can be restricted , even if it is unclassified .

But Britain and France , which are also the main suppliers of fuel-cycle services , are worried that changes will impose unnecessary regulations on the nuclear trade .
but britain and france , which are also the main suppliers of fuel-cycle services , are worried that changes will impose unnecessary [rules] on the nuclear trade .

They are possessed of a handful of skills and attributes which many of the rest of us lack , such as numeracy , and a general ungullability , and ( presumably ) a penchant for cryptography , so that they can actually penetrate and comprehend the tortuous laws and regulations they must administer . But have they ever even heard of flexibility ? Are they even modestly adaptable ?
they are possessed of a handful of skills and attributes which many of the rest of us lack , such as numeracy , and a general ungullability , and ( presumably ) a penchant for cryptography , so that they can actually penetrate and comprehend the tortuous laws and [rules] they must administer . but have they ever even heard of flexibility ? are they even modestly adaptable ?

Consequently , its only approved use under-FDA regulations is in the treatment of cystitis .
consequently , its only approved use under-fda [rules] is in the treatment of cystitis .

But , when they happen , they attract publicity , and tighter regulations .
but , when they happen , they attract publicity , and tighter [rules] .

It sets down exactly who can teach and who can study , and on what terms ' democratic procedures for taking decisions , involving votes by staff and students ' and rules and regulations for examinations .
it sets down exactly who can teach and who can study , and on what terms ' democratic procedures for taking decisions , involving votes by staff and students ' and rules and [rules] for examinations .

The capacity rules are just part of a now long list of rules and regulations that surround university life , and make extra demands on the time and freedom of academics .
the capacity rules are just part of a now long list of rules and [rules] that surround university life , and make extra demands on the time and freedom of academics .

The Chinese charge that Mosher tried to smuggle antique coins out of the country , violated travel regulations , brought a female secretary from Hong Kong to China without permission and used photographs of abortions to mount a political attack on China .
the chinese charge that mosher tried to smuggle antique coins out of the country , violated travel [rules] , brought a female secretary from hong kong to china without permission and used photographs of abortions to mount a political attack on china .

And he says that the company has tried , since 1980 , to get approval from the Nuclear Installations Inspectorate to slacken the regulations on how much radioactivity is allowed on clothing .
and he says that the company has tried , since 1980 , to get approval from the nuclear installations inspectorate to slacken the [rules] on how much radioactivity is allowed on clothing .

An international agency could monitor compliance with international arms regulations , such as those banning the military use of chemicals and bacteria .
an international agency could monitor compliance with international arms [rules] , such as those banning the military use of chemicals and bacteria .

The regulations are also open to abuse : one company was found to be importing old computers and exporting blank computer tape masquerading as software .
the [rules] are also open to abuse : one company was found to be importing old computers and exporting blank computer tape masquerading as software .

Such regulations did not in themselves stop inhumane treatment , but they heralded a movement that has grown steadily on each side of the North Atlantic , both in numbers of its adherents and its influence on legislation .
such [rules] did not in themselves stop inhumane treatment , but they heralded a movement that has grown steadily on each side of the north atlantic , both in numbers of its adherents and its influence on legislation .

Yet again the official syllabus and scheme of work may recommend the purchase and use of local materials gathered from the local environment when official administrative regulations preclude the headmaster from purchasing these and fail to provide him with any facilities for storing them once he has obtained them .
yet again the official syllabus and scheme of work may recommend the purchase and use of local materials gathered from the local environment when official administrative [rules] preclude the headmaster from purchasing these and fail to provide him with any facilities for storing them once he has obtained them .

The Council 's newly formed Planning Department , staffed by relative newcomers to public administration , was extremely zealous in the application of the regulations in their strictest sense as a means of establishing both the importance of the planning function and the place of the department within the hierarchy of the Kirkwall administration .
the council 's newly formed planning department , staffed by relative newcomers to public administration , was extremely zealous in the application of the [rules] in their strictest sense as a means of establishing both the importance of the planning function and the place of the department within the hierarchy of the kirkwall administration .

Furthermore , until the coming of oil the planning regulations had not been rigorously implemented but with the transition to Island Authority status and the creation of the Structure Plan the planners sought to justify their existence .
furthermore , until the coming of oil the planning [rules] had not been rigorously implemented but with the transition to island authority status and the creation of the structure plan the planners sought to justify their existence .

Many farmers still retained some milk for cheesemaking but regulations on the production and use of milk during the Second World War almost brought farmhouse production to a halt and it has never been resumed on an appreciable scale .
many farmers still retained some milk for cheesemaking but [rules] on the production and use of milk during the second world war almost brought farmhouse production to a halt and it has never been resumed on an appreciable scale .

By some means or other the natural tendencies instilled by evolution , have to be brought under control , and the child must learn at a very early age that if he is to grow up and be happy , he must behave in accordance with rules and regulations .
by some means or other the natural tendencies instilled by evolution , have to be brought under control , and the child must learn at a very early age that if he is to grow up and be happy , he must behave in accordance with rules and [rules] .

Play activity is characterized by joy , by lack of specific aim , and by being governed — if at all — by temporary and not ‘ universal ’ rules or regulations .
play activity is characterized by joy , by lack of specific aim , and by being governed — if at all — by temporary and not ‘ universal ’ rules or [rules] .

As with all regulations , there are a few on the fringe who are willing to exploit the weaknesses of planning authorities or , in this case , the inherent difficulty they have in using their powers quickly and effectively .
as with all [rules] , there are a few on the fringe who are willing to exploit the weaknesses of planning authorities or , in this case , the inherent difficulty they have in using their powers quickly and effectively .

Most of us will have our cars regularly serviced as a precaution against mechanical breakdowns and , in industry , there are many rules and regulations to stop accidents ever taking place .
most of us will have our cars regularly serviced as a precaution against mechanical breakdowns and , in industry , there are many rules and [rules] to stop accidents ever taking place .

The Grand Canyon Department of Arbitrary Silly Rules and Regulations cancelled her trip .
the grand canyon department of arbitrary silly rules and [rules] cancelled her trip .

If you hike down here ( a much wiser thing to do at this time of year ) the Grand Canyon Department of Arbitrary Silly Rules and Regulations have erected signs that read ‘ Do not go beyond this point without water .
if you hike down here ( a much wiser thing to do at this time of year ) the grand canyon department of arbitrary silly rules and [rules] have erected signs that read ‘ do not go beyond this point without water .

Regulations state that all articles on the Grand Canyon mention the name .
[rules] state that all articles on the grand canyon mention the name .

In his verdict , he called for consideration to be given to regulations restricting punts to the relatively safe waters of the Cherwell and to review the conditions under which they could be hired .
in his verdict , he called for consideration to be given to [rules] restricting punts to the relatively safe waters of the cherwell and to review the conditions under which they could be hired .

Compliance audits to ensure a company is complying with all relevant environmental regulations and company policy .
compliance audits to ensure a company is complying with all relevant environmental [rules] and company policy .

Copies of Draft control of substances hazardous to health ( amendment ) regulations 1992 .
copies of draft control of substances hazardous to health ( amendment ) [rules] 1992 .

The imposition of strict black-out regulations severely disrupted adult deaf club activities at the beginning of the war ; many were forced to cancel long-arranged social events , and rearrange social club hours .
the imposition of strict black-out [rules] severely disrupted adult deaf club activities at the beginning of the war ; many were forced to cancel long-arranged social events , and rearrange social club hours .

In addition to this booklet , a volume containing details of the University 's Charter and Statutes , Ordinances and Regulations is available for consultation in Faculty Offices and in the University Registry .
in addition to this booklet , a volume containing details of the university 's charter and statutes , ordinances and [rules] is available for consultation in faculty offices and in the university registry .

This Section includes an extract from the University Regulations , a code of Conduct for Use in Computing and Data Communication Facilities , Health and Safety , Car Parking and Security
this section includes an extract from the university [rules] , a code of conduct for use in computing and data communication facilities , health and safety , car parking and security

Subject to the Charter , Statutes , Ordinances and Regulations of the University , intending students shall apply for initial enrolment at the commencement of their courses of study or research .
subject to the charter , statutes , ordinances and [rules] of the university , intending students shall apply for initial enrolment at the commencement of their courses of study or research .

At initial enrolment all students shall sign an undertaking to comply with the Charter , Statutes , Ordinances and Regulations of the University as are from time to time in force .
at initial enrolment all students shall sign an undertaking to comply with the charter , statutes , ordinances and [rules] of the university as are from time to time in force .

Students who are provisionally enrolled are subject to the Charter , Statutes , Ordinances and Regulations of the University as are from time to time in force .
students who are provisionally enrolled are subject to the charter , statutes , ordinances and [rules] of the university as are from time to time in force .

Students shall keep the prescribed terms for their courses and at the direction of the Senate may have to fulfil such additional requirements either in vacation or in intercalary periods as may be specified in course regulations .
students shall keep the prescribed terms for their courses and at the direction of the senate may have to fulfil such additional requirements either in vacation or in intercalary periods as may be specified in course [rules] .

To be admitted to an examination a candidate shall have complied with the conditions laid down in ordinances and regulations and paid the prescribed fees .
to be admitted to an examination a candidate shall have complied with the conditions laid down in ordinances and [rules] and paid the prescribed fees .

Boards of examiners shall publish pass lists in accordance with course regulations .
boards of examiners shall publish pass lists in accordance with course [rules] .

Students should make themselves familiar with Traffic Regulations which are widely displayed throughout the University .
students should make themselves familiar with traffic [rules] which are widely displayed throughout the university .

Grant Awards and Regulations
grant awards and [rules]

Now that our raison d'etre , helping to win a war , had been removed , we were all counting the days to our release and petty regulations , necessary though they might be , were becoming very irksome .
now that our raison d'etre , helping to win a war , had been removed , we were all counting the days to our release and petty [rules] , necessary though they might be , were becoming very irksome .

Course regulations specify the examination pattern for each course and are available to students on registration .
course [rules] specify the examination pattern for each course and are available to students on registration .

Those who enter a course leading to the qualifications awarded by a Professional Association ( such as Membership , Associateship or Fellowship ) should make themselves familiar with the regulations of that body , as it is their personal responsibility to comply with them .
those who enter a course leading to the qualifications awarded by a professional association ( such as membership , associateship or fellowship ) should make themselves familiar with the [rules] of that body , as it is their personal responsibility to comply with them .

Applicants , when provisionally accepted , are also required to furnish a satisfactory medical report in accordance with the regulations of the Department of Education for Northern Ireland .
applicants , when provisionally accepted , are also required to furnish a satisfactory medical report in accordance with the [rules] of the department of education for northern ireland .

Applicants , when provisionally accepted , are also required to furnish a satisfactory medical report in accordance with the regulations of the Department of Education for Northern Ireland .
applicants , when provisionally accepted , are also required to furnish a satisfactory medical report in accordance with the [rules] of the department of education for northern ireland .

As these systems are changing considerably in April 1988 , this section explains the current regulations first and then the new ones .
as these systems are changing considerably in april 1988 , this section explains the current [rules] first and then the new ones .

Since 1975 , pension schemes have been required by law to give equal access to men and women , but not equal benefits ; and the regulations of the scheme must not discriminate directly against an employee 's age or length of service needed to qualify for joining .
since 1975 , pension schemes have been required by law to give equal access to men and women , but not equal benefits ; and the [rules] of the scheme must not discriminate directly against an employee 's age or length of service needed to qualify for joining .

The draft regulations which Beveridge had written in December 1909 , were published in February 1910 , to coincide with the opening of the exchanges .
the draft [rules] which beveridge had written in december 1909 , were published in february 1910 , to coincide with the opening of the exchanges .

As Dearle wrote in summarizing what he called ‘ The Needs of the Future ’ : the ‘ supreme necessity ’ was not merely to ‘ establish certain regulations and forms of control ’ , but to ‘ encourage and develop good industrial and social habits ’ .
as dearle wrote in summarizing what he called ‘ the needs of the future ’ : the ‘ supreme necessity ’ was not merely to ‘ establish certain [rules] and forms of control ’ , but to ‘ encourage and develop good industrial and social habits ’ .

Remember to check out the services provided by your own local banks — some regulations might prevent them from offering the above range .
remember to check out the services provided by your own local banks — some [rules] might prevent them from offering the above range .

Traders must consider domestic and foreign exchange control regulations when entering into contracts and seeking settlement .
traders must consider domestic and foreign exchange control [rules] when entering into contracts and seeking settlement .

Collection can involve a considerable time delay especially if exchange control regulations have to be satisfied .
collection can involve a considerable time delay especially if exchange control [rules] have to be satisfied .

Alterations in exchange control regulations can curtail a market and/or result in payment difficulties for exporters .
alterations in exchange control [rules] can curtail a market and/or result in payment difficulties for exporters .

This curtailed global fund switching within overseas banks especially as most countries introduced exchange control regulations .
this curtailed global fund switching within overseas banks especially as most countries introduced exchange control [rules] .

Some have sought to establish a full banking presence in countries where regulations permit the opening of branches , but , as the reader will appreciate , this is an expensive exercise .
some have sought to establish a full banking presence in countries where [rules] permit the opening of branches , but , as the reader will appreciate , this is an expensive exercise .

Thirdly , foreign banks have been subject to minimal regulations on their foreign currency ( non-sterling ) deposit and loan business by the Bank of England .
thirdly , foreign banks have been subject to minimal [rules] on their foreign currency ( non-sterling ) deposit and loan business by the bank of england .

Firstly , in most countries ( especially LDCs ) residents are prohibited under exchange control regulations from holding external bank deposits .
firstly , in most countries ( especially ldcs ) residents are prohibited under exchange control [rules] from holding external bank deposits .

laws and regulations
laws and [rules]

In June 1990 during a strike of non-graduate teachers over their pay award , the government brought emergency regulations into force .
in june 1990 during a strike of non-graduate teachers over their pay award , the government brought emergency [rules] into force .

Their training and the pressure to conform to state rules and regulations have over the years made them appear to their pupils , and many parents , as agents of the regime .
their training and the pressure to conform to state rules and [rules] have over the years made them appear to their pupils , and many parents , as agents of the regime .

One of those promoting a liberalization of planning regulations , Professor Peter Hall , developed his ideas of deregulation into what was to become an influential contribution ( 1977 ) .
one of those promoting a liberalization of planning [rules] , professor peter hall , developed his ideas of deregulation into what was to become an influential contribution ( 1977 ) .

They included , for example , exemptions for industrial development certificates and relief from development land tax , both of which were to become irrelevant when these regulations were abolished everywhere .
they included , for example , exemptions for industrial development certificates and relief from development land tax , both of which were to become irrelevant when these [rules] were abolished everywhere .

Large sites are generally made available , which are more attractive to developers and investors because of more flexible planning regulations , capital incentives and public-sector infrastructural investment .
large sites are generally made available , which are more attractive to developers and investors because of more flexible planning [rules] , capital incentives and public-sector infrastructural investment .

Individual applications for development will not be required if the proposal is compatible with overall regulations .
individual applications for development will not be required if the proposal is compatible with overall [rules] .

This Circular cancels Circular 4/79 ( Memorandum on structure and local plans ) , and Circular 13/82 ( Town and country planning ( structure and local plans ) regulations 1982 ) .
this circular cancels circular 4/79 ( memorandum on structure and local plans ) , and circular 13/82 ( town and country planning ( structure and local plans ) [rules] 1982 ) .

But times had changed since 1898 ; wartime regulations had rationed liquor purchases to one bottle per month per customer .
but times had changed since 1898 ; wartime [rules] had rationed liquor purchases to one bottle per month per customer .

While the problem was recognised as early as the 1930s , when institutions and regulations were created to combat it , these have been either ignored altogether or simply not enforced .
while the problem was recognised as early as the 1930s , when institutions and [rules] were created to combat it , these have been either ignored altogether or simply not enforced .

More covert reasons may also underlie the inability ( or reticence ) of government forest agencies in developing countries to enforce regulations .
more covert reasons may also underlie the inability ( or reticence ) of government forest agencies in developing countries to enforce [rules] .

In 1987 , following an exceptionally high influx of tourists in August 1986 , tighter regulations were introduced for tourist agencies , more guides were being trained and the waters surrounding the islands were declare a marine resources reserve .
in 1987 , following an exceptionally high influx of tourists in august 1986 , tighter [rules] were introduced for tourist agencies , more guides were being trained and the waters surrounding the islands were declare a marine resources reserve .

The Taylor Report on crowd safety , which came in the wake of the Hillsborough Disaster , left many clubs with archaic stadiums facing an uncertain future as they battled against time and their balance-sheets in an attempt to meet safety regulations and secure all-seater facilities .
the taylor report on crowd safety , which came in the wake of the hillsborough disaster , left many clubs with archaic stadiums facing an uncertain future as they battled against time and their balance-sheets in an attempt to meet safety [rules] and secure all-seater facilities .

Because of this growing interest , current food labelling regulations require nearly all foods composed of more than one ingredient to carry a list of ingredients .
because of this growing interest , current food labelling [rules] require nearly all foods composed of more than one ingredient to carry a list of ingredients .

European Community regulations for new incinerators are very much stricter .
european community [rules] for new incinerators are very much stricter .

Laws and regulations can lay down safety standards but individuals have to comply with those standards .
laws and [rules] can lay down safety standards but individuals have to comply with those standards .

Safe road surfaces , adequate street lighting and sign posting , compulsory driving tests , road use regulations , compulsory speed limits and minimum mechanical safety standards for vehicles are all examples of measures taken by national governments to maintain a safe environment on the roads and to prevent accidents .
safe road surfaces , adequate street lighting and sign posting , compulsory driving tests , road use [rules] , compulsory speed limits and minimum mechanical safety standards for vehicles are all examples of measures taken by national governments to maintain a safe environment on the roads and to prevent accidents .

enteric fevers , cholera , typhus , yellow fever and rabies ) depend on individual risk of exposure and international travel regulations .
enteric fevers , cholera , typhus , yellow fever and rabies ) depend on individual risk of exposure and international travel [rules] .

For the federal government , the Fair Labor Standards Act and its regulations specify the standards and enforcement procedures.25 Sole reliance on traditional government enforcement activities has serious limitations.26 The Department of Labor has fewer than 800 investigators to enforce employment statutes for 800,000 apparel industry employees in about 24,000 establishments , not to mention the other 122 million employees in 6.5 million workplaces around the country .
for the federal government , the fair labor standards act and its [rules] specify the standards and enforcement procedures.25 sole reliance on traditional government enforcement activities has serious limitations.26 the department of labor has fewer than 800 investigators to enforce employment statutes for 800,000 apparel industry employees in about 24,000 establishments , not to mention the other 122 million employees in 6.5 million workplaces around the country .

Is one only to apply the standards and regulations of the exporting country or are some higher international standards to be used ?
is one only to apply the standards and [rules] of the exporting country or are some higher international standards to be used ?

The assertion of a triadic conception of government brought us into line with the middle European conception of freedom as the privilege that arises from living in a matrix of protective state regulations .
the assertion of a triadic conception of government brought us into line with the middle european conception of freedom as the privilege that arises from living in a matrix of protective state [rules] .

The town has passed planning regulations limiting the height of buildings to tree-top level , creating an open and natural look and feel throughout the town .
the town has passed planning [rules] limiting the height of buildings to tree-top level , creating an open and natural look and feel throughout the town .

Many lakes or sections of lakes are also wildlife conservation areas ; these guides list the regulations that are in effect to protect water birds and other animals .
many lakes or sections of lakes are also wildlife conservation areas ; these guides list the [rules] that are in effect to protect water birds and other animals .

Some of these regulations and restrictions change with the seasons .
some of these [rules] and restrictions change with the seasons .

In 1951 , the Lake District National Park was created , which extended this protection to a much wider area while imposing planning regulations and environmental guidelines and allowing further public access to the land .
in 1951 , the lake district national park was created , which extended this protection to a much wider area while imposing planning [rules] and environmental guidelines and allowing further public access to the land .

Free from the confines of the International Festival ’ s rules and regulations , the Fringe has become synonymous with art that “ pushes the envelope , ” and it has grown to eclipse its more staid official brother .
free from the confines of the international festival ’ s rules and [rules] , the fringe has become synonymous with art that “ pushes the envelope , ” and it has grown to eclipse its more staid official brother .

Before buying anthuriums or other flowers , check your re-entry regulations at home .
before buying anthuriums or other flowers , check your re-entry [rules] at home .

There are also a wide range of quite strident regulations governing park usage and duration periods .
there are also a wide range of quite strident [rules] governing park usage and duration periods .

Certain regulations must be observed within the national parks .
certain [rules] must be observed within the national parks .

It is forbidden to feed or otherwise interfere with the wild animals , and it is essential that food storage regulations are followed in any parks where bears are found .
it is forbidden to feed or otherwise interfere with the wild animals , and it is essential that food storage [rules] are followed in any parks where bears are found .

None of the regulations is a real burden , however , as there are excellent public campsites , picnic areas , and barbecue facilities to be found in all the parks .
none of the [rules] is a real burden , however , as there are excellent public campsites , picnic areas , and barbecue facilities to be found in all the parks .

If you want to take back an edible souvenir , make sure you know your country ’ s regulations governing the import of certain types of food .
if you want to take back an edible souvenir , make sure you know your country ’ s [rules] governing the import of certain types of food .

From fossils to ancient coins , Chinese customs regulations prohibit the export of any cultural relics except those marked with special wax seals ; and only fairly recent objects are given the seal .
from fossils to ancient coins , chinese customs [rules] prohibit the export of any cultural relics except those marked with special wax seals ; and only fairly recent objects are given the seal .

The huge vessels , hundreds of feet high , dwarf the towns buildings , which regulations set at a maximum of three stories , and create one of the most effective juxtapositions of modernity and history found anywhere in the world .
the huge vessels , hundreds of feet high , dwarf the towns buildings , which [rules] set at a maximum of three stories , and create one of the most effective juxtapositions of modernity and history found anywhere in the world .

The Legal Services report faults growers , farm-labor contractors and crop-dusters for routinely failing to abide by federal regulations meant to protect worker health .
the legal services report faults growers , farm-labor contractors and crop-dusters for routinely failing to abide by federal [rules] meant to protect worker health .

Zoning ordinances have pushed many mobile home parks out of city limits , where regulations are lacking .
zoning ordinances have pushed many mobile home parks out of city limits , where [rules] are lacking .

Its proposal faces opposition from the Colorado Mortgage Lenders Association , which argues that brokers should not shoulder new regulations and higher costs just because a few people are writing bad loans .
its proposal faces opposition from the colorado mortgage lenders association , which argues that brokers should not shoulder new [rules] and higher costs just because a few people are writing bad loans .

Over the past two decades , Comart has seen the role of Pine Tree change in response to federal funding cuts and stricter regulations .
over the past two decades , comart has seen the role of pine tree change in response to federal funding cuts and stricter [rules] .

Fear of stigmatization gave rise to federal regulations and laws protecting information related to substance abuse .
fear of stigmatization gave rise to federal [rules] and laws protecting information related to substance abuse .

The intent of these regulations is to encourage individuals to seek treatment for substance abuse by reducing the risk that they will be stigmatized .
the intent of these [rules] is to encourage individuals to seek treatment for substance abuse by reducing the risk that they will be stigmatized .

The laws are contained in the Code of Federal Regulations ( 42 C.F.R .
the laws are contained in the code of federal [rules] ( 42 c.f.r .

The regulations apply to hospitals that have either an identified unit that provides substance abuse treatment or medical personnel whose primary function is the provision of alcohol and other drug abuse diagnosis , treatment , or referral for treatment ( C.F.R .
the [rules] apply to hospitals that have either an identified unit that provides substance abuse treatment or medical personnel whose primary function is the provision of alcohol and other drug abuse diagnosis , treatment , or referral for treatment ( c.f.r .

However , if it is obtained in order to engage the patient in treatment , the information is protected under the above federal regulations that require the express , written permission of the patient before it can be shared with others.54 A special `` Consent for the Release of Confidential Information '' form must be signed in order for this information to be released.55 Under federal regulations , a general medical consent form is not sufficient .
however , if it is obtained in order to engage the patient in treatment , the information is protected under the above federal [rules] that require the express , written permission of the patient before it can be shared with others.54 a special `` consent for the release of confidential information '' form must be signed in order for this information to be released.55 under federal [rules] , a general medical consent form is not sufficient .

This is the most immediately available policy to protect patients with federal confidentiality regulations and alleviate legitimate concerns about the right to privacy .
this is the most immediately available policy to protect patients with federal confidentiality [rules] and alleviate legitimate concerns about the right to privacy .

In October 2000 , the Office of Personnel Management amended regulations to require agencies to link senior executive performance with organizational goals ; to appraise executive performance by balancing organizational results with customer satisfaction , employee perspective , and other areas ; and to use performance results as a basis for pay , awards , and other personnel decisions .
in october 2000 , the office of personnel management amended [rules] to require agencies to link senior executive performance with organizational goals ; to appraise executive performance by balancing organizational results with customer satisfaction , employee perspective , and other areas ; and to use performance results as a basis for pay , awards , and other personnel decisions .

To help agencies hold senior executives accountable for organizational results , the Office of Personnel Management ( OPM ) amended regulations for senior executive performance management in October 2000 .
to help agencies hold senior executives accountable for organizational results , the office of personnel management ( opm ) amended [rules] for senior executive performance management in october 2000 .

These amended regulations on governing performance appraisals for senior executives require agencies to establish performance management systems 1 U.S. General Accounting Office , Managing for Results : Using Strategic Human Capital Management to Drive Transformational Change , GAO-02-940T ( Washington , D.C. : July 15,2002 ) .
these amended [rules] on governing performance appraisals for senior executives require agencies to establish performance management systems 1 u.s. general accounting office , managing for results : using strategic human capital management to drive transformational change , gao-02-940t ( washington , d.c. : july 15,2002 ) .

Our second objective was to identify the initial implementation approaches these agencies have taken to manage senior executive performance that may be helpful to other agencies as they implement OPM 's amended regulations governing senior executive performance management systems .
our second objective was to identify the initial implementation approaches these agencies have taken to manage senior executive performance that may be helpful to other agencies as they implement opm 's amended [rules] governing senior executive performance management systems .

Prior to OPM amending its regulations on senior executive performance management systems , BLM , FHWA , IRS , and VBA implemented systems 5 U.S. General Accounting Office , Results-Oriented Cultures : Insights for U.S .
prior to opm amending its [rules] on senior executive performance management systems , blm , fhwa , irs , and vba implemented systems 5 u.s. general accounting office , results-oriented cultures : insights for u.s .

Organizational Results OPM 's regulations emphasize holding senior executives accountable for their individual and organizational performance by linking individual performance management with results-oriented organizational goals .
organizational results opm 's [rules] emphasize holding senior executives accountable for their individual and organizational performance by linking individual performance management with results-oriented organizational goals .

OPM 's regulations recognize that senior executives in public sector organizations face the challenging task of balancing the needs of multiple customers , who at times may have differing or ever competing expectations .
opm 's [rules] recognize that senior executives in public sector organizations face the challenging task of balancing the needs of multiple customers , who at times may have differing or ever competing expectations .

Employee Perspectives OPM 's regulations recognize that an agency 's people are vital assets and people achieve organizational goals and results .
employee perspectives opm 's [rules] recognize that an agency 's people are vital assets and people achieve organizational goals and results .

Accordingly , the regulations call for senior executive performance plans and appraisals to contain performance expectations on employees ' perspectives .
accordingly , the [rules] call for senior executive performance plans and appraisals to contain performance expectations on employees ' perspectives .

According to OPM , the amended regulations were designed to recognize that effective performance management requires agency leadership to make meaningful distinctions between acceptable and outstanding performance of senior executives and to appropriately reward those who perform at the highest level .
according to opm , the amended [rules] were designed to recognize that effective performance management requires agency leadership to make meaningful distinctions between acceptable and outstanding performance of senior executives and to appropriately reward those who perform at the highest level .

Objectives , Scope , and Methodology To meet our objectives , we focused our review on federal agencies that have implemented a set of balanced expectations in their performance management systems for all or a significant portion of their senior executives prior to the Office of Personnel Management ( OPM ) amending the regulations .
objectives , scope , and methodology to meet our objectives , we focused our review on federal agencies that have implemented a set of balanced expectations in their performance management systems for all or a significant portion of their senior executives prior to the office of personnel management ( opm ) amending the [rules] .

We used the categories in OPM 's regulations to classify the agencies ' expectations for senior executive performance-organizational results , customer satisfaction , and employee perspectives .
we used the categories in opm 's [rules] to classify the agencies ' expectations for senior executive performance-organizational results , customer satisfaction , and employee perspectives .

We spoke to OPM officials responsible for the senior executive performance management regulations to discuss the development and implementation of the regulations , as well as officials responsible for amending and implementing the general workforce performance management regulations .
we spoke to opm officials responsible for the senior executive performance management [rules] to discuss the development and implementation of the [rules] , as well as officials responsible for amending and implementing the general workforce performance management [rules] .

Robert P. Murphy General Counsel Enclosure cc : The Honorable Olena Berg Assistant Secretary for Pension and Welfare Benefits Department of Labor Ms. Cynthia Grigsby Chief , Regulations Unit Internal Revenue Service Department of the Treasury The Honorable Donna E. Shalala The Secretary of Health and Human Services Page 3 GAO/OGC-98-22 ENCLOSURE ANALYSIS UNDER 5 U.S.C .
robert p. murphy general counsel enclosure cc : the honorable olena berg assistant secretary for pension and welfare benefits department of labor ms. cynthia grigsby chief , [rules] unit internal revenue service department of the treasury the honorable donna e. shalala the secretary of health and human services page 3 gao/ogc-98-22 enclosure analysis under 5 u.s.c .

Currently , however , most functions within finance organizations are focused primarily on ( 1 ) establishing and administering policy , ( 2 ) tracking , monitoring , and reconciling account balances , or ( 3 ) ensuring compliance with laws and regulations .
currently , however , most functions within finance organizations are focused primarily on ( 1 ) establishing and administering policy , ( 2 ) tracking , monitoring , and reconciling account balances , or ( 3 ) ensuring compliance with laws and [rules] .

The conference report describes section 330 as prohibiting the use of funds for `` regulations that prescribe changes in '' the CAFE standards .
the conference report describes section 330 as prohibiting the use of funds for `` [rules] that prescribe changes in '' the cafe standards .

Regulations should not be seen as roadblocks , but as support orbacking to achieve the agencies ' mission . ''
[rules] should not be seen as roadblocks , but as support orbacking to achieve the agencies ' mission . ''

Some contractors have also developed and implemented corporate responsibility plans to ensure compliance with acquisition regulations and statutes .
some contractors have also developed and implemented corporate responsibility plans to ensure compliance with acquisition [rules] and statutes .

We included FAA in our review because it has certain exemptions from the Federal Acquisition Regulations designed to facilitate delegating procurement authorities to lower levels .
we included faa in our review because it has certain exemptions from the federal acquisition [rules] designed to facilitate delegating procurement authorities to lower levels .

Although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the desire to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on providing high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with applicable laws and regulations .
although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the desire to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on providing high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with applicable laws and [rules] .

In addition , the standards should foster the improvement of accounting systems and internal controls that will help provide reasonable assurance to users that government activities have been conducted economically , efficiently , and effectively , and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations .
in addition , the standards should foster the improvement of accounting systems and internal controls that will help provide reasonable assurance to users that government activities have been conducted economically , efficiently , and effectively , and in compliance with applicable laws and [rules] .

Fines and penalties produced by an entity 's operations -- such as inspections to ensure compliance with Federal law and with regulations that are the responsibility of the entity ( e.g. , inspections by the Office of Surface Mining ) or compliance with regulations for the conduct of a Federal program -- are recognized as nonexchange revenue by whichever entity is legally entitled by law to the revenue .
fines and penalties produced by an entity 's operations -- such as inspections to ensure compliance with federal law and with [rules] that are the responsibility of the entity ( e.g. , inspections by the office of surface mining ) or compliance with [rules] for the conduct of a federal program -- are recognized as nonexchange revenue by whichever entity is legally entitled by law to the revenue .

Forfeitures. -- Property may be seized as a consequence of various laws and regulations and forfeited to the Government .
forfeitures. -- property may be seized as a consequence of various laws and [rules] and forfeited to the government .

The costs and financing of federal regulations do not flow through the Government , but their effects are similar to direct federal expenditures and revenue .
the costs and financing of federal [rules] do not flow through the government , but their effects are similar to direct federal expenditures and revenue .

The final rule amends the Child and Adult Care Food Program regulations governing reimbursement for meals served in family day care homes by incorporating changes resulting from the Department 's review of comments it received on a January 7 , 1997 , interim rule.1 The changes in the final rule involve the appropriate use of school and census data for making tier I day care home determinations ; documentation requirements for tier I classifications ; tier II day care home options 1This interim rule was the subject of our Office 's major rule report , Department of Agriculture , Food and Consumer Services : Child and Adult Care Food Program : Improved Targeting of Day Care Home Reimbursements , GAO/OGC-97-15 , B-275874 , January 22 , 1997 .
the final rule amends the child and adult care food program [rules] governing reimbursement for meals served in family day care homes by incorporating changes resulting from the department 's review of comments it received on a january 7 , 1997 , interim rule.1 the changes in the final rule involve the appropriate use of school and census data for making tier i day care home determinations ; documentation requirements for tier i classifications ; tier ii day care home options 1this interim rule was the subject of our office 's major rule report , department of agriculture , food and consumer services : child and adult care food program : improved targeting of day care home reimbursements , gao/ogc-97-15 , b-275874 , january 22 , 1997 .

Because the various regulations , forms , and rules that are being amended by this rulemaking already possessed OMB control numbers , OMB did not assign new control numbers .
because the various [rules] , forms , and rules that are being amended by this rulemaking already possessed omb control numbers , omb did not assign new control numbers .

Many of EPA 's stakeholders are businesses or other regulated entities that wanted the agency to address such matters as the procedural costs of environmental regulations .
many of epa 's stakeholders are businesses or other regulated entities that wanted the agency to address such matters as the procedural costs of environmental [rules] .

The missions of the Customs Service-the oldest federal agency-are to ensure that goods and persons entering and exiting the United States comply with all U.S. laws and regulations , while also facilitating the legitimate movement of goods and persons through U.S. ports .
the missions of the customs service-the oldest federal agency-are to ensure that goods and persons entering and exiting the united states comply with all u.s. laws and [rules] , while also facilitating the legitimate movement of goods and persons through u.s. ports .

Eighty-nine engineering regulations were thereby consolidated into 7 , and the number of pages of Corps ' regulations was reduced from 1,596 to 306 .
eighty-nine engineering [rules] were thereby consolidated into 7 , and the number of pages of corps ' [rules] was reduced from 1,596 to 306 .

As a National Performance Review `` reinvention laboratory , '' ARL has been granted waivers by DOD and the Army from internal regulations in order to streamline its processes .
as a national performance review `` reinvention laboratory , '' arl has been granted waivers by dod and the army from internal [rules] in order to streamline its processes .

In the final rule , HCFA revised certain regulations pertaining to the costs of graduate medical education programs to conform to a recently enacted statute .
in the final rule , hcfa revised certain [rules] pertaining to the costs of graduate medical education programs to conform to a recently enacted statute .

Statutory Authorization for the rule Both the proposed and final rule cite the Secretary 's broad authority to promulgate regulations necessary for the efficient administration of the Medicare program .
statutory authorization for the rule both the proposed and final rule cite the secretary 's broad authority to promulgate [rules] necessary for the efficient administration of the medicare program .

The Commission describes how , in response to these comments , it attempted to minimize the burdens on small entities by : -- limiting the regulations to mass market two-way voice services , -- providing for waivers for small rural carriers , -- accepting the recommendation of trade associations and public safety organizations to extend the implementation period for some provisions over a 5-year period , and -- offsetting the burden on small entities by requiring that a cost recovery mechanism will be in place before requiring implementation of the requirements .
the commission describes how , in response to these comments , it attempted to minimize the burdens on small entities by : -- limiting the [rules] to mass market two-way voice services , -- providing for waivers for small rural carriers , -- accepting the recommendation of trade associations and public safety organizations to extend the implementation period for some provisions over a 5-year period , and -- offsetting the burden on small entities by requiring that a cost recovery mechanism will be in place before requiring implementation of the requirements .

Agency officials designated to be certifying officers ( who certify payment ) must have certain documents on file with Treasury , must follow Treasury regulations , and can be held legally liable for payments they authorize .
agency officials designated to be certifying officers ( who certify payment ) must have certain documents on file with treasury , must follow treasury [rules] , and can be held legally liable for payments they authorize .

Agency officials authorized to perform administrative approvals are generally required to follow agency policies and procedures as opposed to statutory requirements and Treasury regulations followed by certifying officers .
agency officials authorized to perform administrative approvals are generally required to follow agency policies and procedures as opposed to statutory requirements and treasury [rules] followed by certifying officers .

The certifying officer , however , not only verifies that the voucher contains an administrative approval ensuring that the travel took place , but also performs numerous examination procedures to ensure all claims are within regulations and limitations .
the certifying officer , however , not only verifies that the voucher contains an administrative approval ensuring that the travel took place , but also performs numerous examination procedures to ensure all claims are within [rules] and limitations .

The requirements and the guidance in the circular were then placed in the Code of Federal Regulations ( 5 C.F.R .
the requirements and the guidance in the circular were then placed in the code of federal [rules] ( 5 c.f.r .

While the General Services Administration ( GSA ) is responsible for issuing federal travel regulations , which are published in the Code of Federal Regulations ( 41 C.F.R .
while the general services administration ( gsa ) is responsible for issuing federal travel [rules] , which are published in the code of federal [rules] ( 41 c.f.r .

The standards provide the criteria to help ensure that the systems include effective internal control and meet the requirements imposed for central reporting and complying with laws and regulations .
the standards provide the criteria to help ensure that the systems include effective internal control and meet the requirements imposed for central reporting and complying with laws and [rules] .

In early 1998 , JFMIP decided to initiate projects to update system requirements documents that were not current with regulations and legislation .
in early 1998 , jfmip decided to initiate projects to update system requirements documents that were not current with [rules] and legislation .

Robert P. Murphy General Counsel Enclosure cc : The Honorable Olena Berg Assistant Secretary for Pension and Welfare Benefits Department of Labor Ms. Cynthia Grigsby Chief , Regulations Unit Internal Revenue Service Department of the Treasury The Honorable Donna E. Shalala Secretary of Health and Human Services Page 3 GAO/OGC-97-39 ENCLOSURE ANALYSIS UNDER 5 U.S.C .
robert p. murphy general counsel enclosure cc : the honorable olena berg assistant secretary for pension and welfare benefits department of labor ms. cynthia grigsby chief , [rules] unit internal revenue service department of the treasury the honorable donna e. shalala secretary of health and human services page 3 gao/ogc-97-39 enclosure analysis under 5 u.s.c .

These provisions authorize the FCC to make such rules and regulations as may be necessary to encourage more effective use of radio as in the public interest .
these provisions authorize the fcc to make such rules and [rules] as may be necessary to encourage more effective use of radio as in the public interest .

The Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service is amending the regulations concerning the importation of animal products to allow , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen pork from the State of Sonora , Mexico .
the animal and plant health inspection service is amending the [rules] concerning the importation of animal products to allow , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen pork from the state of sonora , mexico .

APHIS did determine , however , that the amendments to the regulations allowing , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen pork from the State of Sonora , Mexico , into the United States could be issued as a final rule at this time .
aphis did determine , however , that the amendments to the [rules] allowing , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen pork from the state of sonora , mexico , into the united states could be issued as a final rule at this time .

The final rule preempts all state and local laws and regulations that are inconsistent with the final rule , has no retroactive effect , and does not require administrative proceedings before parties may file suit in court challenging this rule .
the final rule preempts all state and local laws and [rules] that are inconsistent with the final rule , has no retroactive effect , and does not require administrative proceedings before parties may file suit in court challenging this rule .

In 1988 , Congress directed the two Departments to develop regulations to implement amendments to the Indian Self-Determination Act ( Pub .
in 1988 , congress directed the two departments to develop [rules] to implement amendments to the indian self-determination act ( pub .

L. 103-413 ) authorized the Departments to jointly promulgate regulations limited solely to self-determination contracts or the approval , award or declination of such contract regarding the Federal Tort Claims Act , the Contract Disputes Act , declination and waiver procedures , appeal procedures , reassumption procedures , discretionary grant procedures , property donation procedures , internal agency procedures relating to implementation of the Act , retrocession and tribal organization relinquishment procedures , contract proposal contents , conflicts of interest , construction , programmatic reports and data requirements , procurement standards , property management standards and financial management standards .
l. 103-413 ) authorized the departments to jointly promulgate [rules] limited solely to self-determination contracts or the approval , award or declination of such contract regarding the federal tort claims act , the contract disputes act , declination and waiver procedures , appeal procedures , reassumption procedures , discretionary grant procedures , property donation procedures , internal agency procedures relating to implementation of the act , retrocession and tribal organization relinquishment procedures , contract proposal contents , conflicts of interest , construction , programmatic reports and data requirements , procurement standards , property management standards and financial management standards .

Office of the General Counsel B-274636 ; B-274637 September 23 , 1996 The Honorable Richard G. Lugar Chairman The Honorable Patrick J. Leahy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture , Nutrition , and Forestry United States Senate The Honorable Pat Roberts Chairman The Honorable E ( Kika ) de la Garza Ranking Minority Member Committee on Agriculture House of Representatives Subject : Department of Agriculture , Federal Crop Insurance Corporation : Catastrophic Risk Protection Endorsement and General Administrative Regulations ; Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994 , Regulations for Implementation Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on two major rules promulgated by Department of Agriculture , Federal Crop Insurance Corporation , entitled `` Catastrophic Risk Protection Endorsement '' and `` General Administrative Regulations ; Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994 , Regulations for Implementation '' ( RIN : 0563-AB11 ) .
office of the general counsel b-274636 ; b-274637 september 23 , 1996 the honorable richard g. lugar chairman the honorable patrick j. leahy ranking minority member committee on agriculture , nutrition , and forestry united states senate the honorable pat roberts chairman the honorable e ( kika ) de la garza ranking minority member committee on agriculture house of representatives subject : department of agriculture , federal crop insurance corporation : catastrophic risk protection endorsement and general administrative [rules] ; federal crop insurance reform act of 1994 , [rules] for implementation pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on two major rules promulgated by department of agriculture , federal crop insurance corporation , entitled `` catastrophic risk protection endorsement '' and `` general administrative [rules] ; federal crop insurance reform act of 1994 , [rules] for implementation '' ( rin : 0563-ab11 ) .

The first listed rule provides for a catastrophic risk protection plan of crop insurance and the second rule provides noninsured producers , policyholders , and insurance companies the regulations applicable to the catastrophic risk protection program .
the first listed rule provides for a catastrophic risk protection plan of crop insurance and the second rule provides noninsured producers , policyholders , and insurance companies the [rules] applicable to the catastrophic risk protection program .

The Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service is amending the regulations concerning the importation of animal products to allow , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen beef from Argentina .
the animal and plant health inspection service is amending the [rules] concerning the importation of animal products to allow , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen beef from argentina .

APHIS did determine , however , that the amendments to the regulations allowing , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen beef from Argentina into the United States could be issued as a final rule at this time .
aphis did determine , however , that the amendments to the [rules] allowing , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen beef from argentina into the united states could be issued as a final rule at this time .

The final rule preempts all state and local laws and regulations that are inconsistent with the final rule , has no retroactive effect , and does not require administrative proceedings before parties may file suit in court challenging this rule .
the final rule preempts all state and local laws and [rules] that are inconsistent with the final rule , has no retroactive effect , and does not require administrative proceedings before parties may file suit in court challenging this rule .

This rule implements section 112 ( r ) of the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 , which mandates that EPA promulgate regulations and develop guidance to prevent accidental releases to the air from stationary sources and mitigate the consequences of such releases by focusing prevention measures on chemicals that pose the greatest risk to the public and the environment .
this rule implements section 112 ( r ) of the clean air act amendments of 1990 , which mandates that epa promulgate [rules] and develop guidance to prevent accidental releases to the air from stationary sources and mitigate the consequences of such releases by focusing prevention measures on chemicals that pose the greatest risk to the public and the environment .

Section 112 ( r ) ( 3 ) mandates that EPA promulgate a list of regulated substances , with threshold quantities ; this list defines the stationary sources that will be subject to accident prevention regulations mandated by section 112 ( r ) ( 7 ) .
section 112 ( r ) ( 3 ) mandates that epa promulgate a list of regulated substances , with threshold quantities ; this list defines the stationary sources that will be subject to accident prevention [rules] mandated by section 112 ( r ) ( 7 ) .

We have issued implementing regulations for the early retirement and scientific and technical staff provisions and plan to issue authorizing regulations later this year to guide any potential future buy-outs and reductions-in-force .
we have issued implementing [rules] for the early retirement and scientific and technical staff provisions and plan to issue authorizing [rules] later this year to guide any potential future buy-outs and reductions-in-force .

Implemented recommendations correct the underlying causes of problems , weaknesses in internal controls , failures to comply with laws or regulations , or other matters impeding effective and efficient performance .
implemented recommendations correct the underlying causes of problems , weaknesses in internal controls , failures to comply with laws or [rules] , or other matters impeding effective and efficient performance .

We have issued implementing regulations for early-outs and the scientific and technical positions and plan to issue buy-out and reductions-in-force authorizing regulations later this year .
we have issued implementing [rules] for early-outs and the scientific and technical positions and plan to issue buy-out and reductions-in-force authorizing [rules] later this year .

If the needed funding is provided , we will review the costs and benefits of major regulations under the Truth in Regulating Act ( P.L .
if the needed funding is provided , we will review the costs and benefits of major [rules] under the truth in regulating act ( p.l .

L. 104134 directed the Department to issue interim regulations within 30 days of the date of enactment .
l. 104134 directed the department to issue interim [rules] within 30 days of the date of enactment .

An agency official has advised that HUD will subsequently issue final regulations .
an agency official has advised that hud will subsequently issue final [rules] .

Statutory authorization for the rule The statutory requirement to issue these interim regulations is contained in the Balanced Budget Downpayment Act , Pub .
statutory authorization for the rule the statutory requirement to issue these interim [rules] is contained in the balanced budget downpayment act , pub .

A finding of no significant impact on the environment has been made by HUD in accordance with its regulations implementing the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 .
a finding of no significant impact on the environment has been made by hud in accordance with its [rules] implementing the national environmental policy act of 1969 .

For example , state and local laws and regulations may require auditors at the state and local levels of government to follow these standards .
for example , state and local laws and [rules] may require auditors at the state and local levels of government to follow these standards .

Legislators and other government officials , and the public want to GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft know whether ( 1 ) government resources are managed properly and used in compliance with laws and regulations , ( 2 ) government programs are achieving their objectives and desired outcomes , and ( 3 ) government programs are being provided efficiently , economically , and effectively .
legislators and other government officials , and the public want to gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft know whether ( 1 ) government resources are managed properly and used in compliance with laws and [rules] , ( 2 ) government programs are achieving their objectives and desired outcomes , and ( 3 ) government programs are being provided efficiently , economically , and effectively .

Financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS also provide information about internal control and compliance with laws and regulations as they relate to financial transactions , systems , and processes .
financial audits performed in accordance with gagas also provide information about internal control and compliance with laws and [rules] as they relate to financial transactions , systems , and processes .

During the planning stages of an audit , auditors should communicate their responsibilities for testing and reporting on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting .
during the planning stages of an audit , auditors should communicate their responsibilities for testing and reporting on compliance with laws and [rules] and internal control over financial reporting .

Such communication should include the nature of any additional testing of compliance and internal control required by laws and regulations or otherwise requested , and whether the auditors are planning on providing opinions on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting .
such communication should include the nature of any additional testing of compliance and internal control required by laws and [rules] or otherwise requested , and whether the auditors are planning on providing opinions on compliance with laws and [rules] and internal control over financial reporting .

To meet certain audit report users ' needs , laws and regulations sometimes prescribe testing and reporting on compliance and internal control over financial reporting to supplement coverage of these areas .
to meet certain audit report users ' needs , laws and [rules] sometimes prescribe testing and reporting on compliance and internal control over financial reporting to supplement coverage of these areas .

The act and circular include specific audit requirements , mainly in the areas of compliance with laws and regulations and internal control , that exceed the minimum audit requirements in the standards in chapters 4 and 5 of this document .
the act and circular include specific audit requirements , mainly in the areas of compliance with laws and [rules] and internal control , that exceed the minimum audit requirements in the standards in chapters 4 and 5 of this document .

For example , such laws and regulations may address the required fund structure , procurement or debt limitations , or authority for transactions .
for example , such laws and [rules] may address the required fund structure , procurement or debt limitations , or authority for transactions .

Accordingly , compliance with such laws and regulations may have a direct and material effect on the determination of amounts in the financial statements of governmental entities .
accordingly , compliance with such laws and [rules] may have a direct and material effect on the determination of amounts in the financial statements of governmental entities .

Likewise , entities that receive government assistance , such as contractors , nonprofit entities , and other nongovernmental entities , are also subject to regulations , contract provisions , or grant agreements that could have a direct and material effect on their financial statements .
likewise , entities that receive government assistance , such as contractors , nonprofit entities , and other nongovernmental entities , are also subject to [rules] , contract provisions , or grant agreements that could have a direct and material effect on their financial statements .

Management , of both governmental entities and others receiving governmental assistance , is responsible for ensuring that the entity complies with not only the laws and regulations but also contract provisions and grant agreements applicable to its activities .
management , of both governmental entities and others receiving governmental assistance , is responsible for ensuring that the entity complies with not only the laws and [rules] but also contract provisions and grant agreements applicable to its activities .

That responsibility encompasses the identification of applicable laws , regulations , contract provisions , and grant agreements , as well as the establishment of controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the entity complies with those laws , regulations , contract provisions , and grant agreements .
that responsibility encompasses the identification of applicable laws , [rules] , contract provisions , and grant agreements , as well as the establishment of controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the entity complies with those laws , [rules] , contract provisions , and grant agreements .

To meet this requirement , auditors should have an understanding of internal control relevant to financial statement assertions affected by those laws , regulations , contract provisions , or grant agreements .
to meet this requirement , auditors should have an understanding of internal control relevant to financial statement assertions affected by those laws , [rules] , contract provisions , or grant agreements .

Under some circumstances , laws , regulations , or policies may require auditors to report indications of certain types of fraud or illegal acts to law enforcement or investigatory authorities before extending audit steps and procedures .
under some circumstances , laws , [rules] , or policies may require auditors to report indications of certain types of fraud or illegal acts to law enforcement or investigatory authorities before extending audit steps and procedures .

When a GAGAS audit is the basis for an auditor 's subsequent report under the AICPA standards , it would be advantageous to users of the subsequent report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control that is required by GAGAS but not required by AICPA standards .
when a gagas audit is the basis for an auditor 's subsequent report under the aicpa standards , it would be advantageous to users of the subsequent report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and [rules] and internal control that is required by gagas but not required by aicpa standards .

To reissue essentially the same report omitting the information regarding compliance with laws and regulations and internal control is not in the public interest .
to reissue essentially the same report omitting the information regarding compliance with laws and [rules] and internal control is not in the public interest .

REPORTING ON COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS AND ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 5.7 An additional reporting standard for financial statement audits2 conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : When providing an opinion on financial statements , auditors should include in their report on the financial statements either a ( 1 ) description of the scope of the auditors ' testing of compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting and the results of those tests or an opinion , if sufficient work was performed ; or ( 2 ) reference to the separate report ( s ) containing that information .
reporting on compliance with laws and [rules] and on internal control over financial reporting 5.7 an additional reporting standard for financial statement audits2 conducted in accordance with gagas is : when providing an opinion on financial statements , auditors should include in their report on the financial statements either a ( 1 ) description of the scope of the auditors ' testing of compliance with laws and [rules] and internal control over financial reporting and the results of those tests or an opinion , if sufficient work was performed ; or ( 2 ) reference to the separate report ( s ) containing that information .

Although the following standard on reporting on compliance with laws and regulations and on internal control over financial reporting is applicable to audits of financial statements , the requirement to report deficiencies in internal control ( see paragraphs 5.11 through 5.15 ) and reporting fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance ( see paragraphs 5.16 through 5.26 ) is applicable to all financial audits .
although the following standard on reporting on compliance with laws and [rules] and on internal control over financial reporting is applicable to audits of financial statements , the requirement to report deficiencies in internal control ( see paragraphs 5.11 through 5.15 ) and reporting fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance ( see paragraphs 5.16 through 5.26 ) is applicable to all financial audits .

Scope of Compliance and Internal Control Work 5.10 Auditors should report the scope of their testing of compliance with laws and regulations and of internal control over financial reporting , including whether or not the tests they performed provided sufficient evidence to support an opinion on compliance with laws and regulations or internal control over financial reporting and whether the auditors are providing such opinions.3 REPORTING DEFICIENCIES IN INTERNAL CONTROL 5.11 The additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should report significant deficiencies in internal control considered to be reportable conditions as defined in AICPA standards .
scope of compliance and internal control work 5.10 auditors should report the scope of their testing of compliance with laws and [rules] and of internal control over financial reporting , including whether or not the tests they performed provided sufficient evidence to support an opinion on compliance with laws and [rules] or internal control over financial reporting and whether the auditors are providing such opinions.3 reporting deficiencies in internal control 5.11 the additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : auditors should report significant deficiencies in internal control considered to be reportable conditions as defined in aicpa standards .

Auditors should follow the AICPA 's Statements on Standards for Attestation Engagements when providing opinions on internal control over compliance with laws and regulations or on internal control over financial reporting .
auditors should follow the aicpa 's statements on standards for attestation engagements when providing opinions on internal control over compliance with laws and [rules] or on internal control over financial reporting .

These requirements are in addition to any legal For audits of financial statements , such information is generally included in the reports on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting .
these requirements are in addition to any legal for audits of financial statements , such information is generally included in the reports on compliance with laws and [rules] and internal control over financial reporting .

Further distribution of reports outside the organization should be made in accordance with applicable laws , rules , regulations , or policy .
further distribution of reports outside the organization should be made in accordance with applicable laws , rules , [rules] , or policy .

As stated in the AICPA 's statements on standards for attestation engagements , auditors should not perform reviewlevel work for reporting on internal control or compliance with laws and regulations .
as stated in the aicpa 's statements on standards for attestation engagements , auditors should not perform reviewlevel work for reporting on internal control or compliance with laws and [rules] .

When a GAGAS attestation engagement is the basis for an auditor 's subsequent report under the AICPA standards , it would be advantageous to users of the subsequent report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control that is required by GAGAS but not required by AICPA standards .
when a gagas attestation engagement is the basis for an auditor 's subsequent report under the aicpa standards , it would be advantageous to users of the subsequent report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and [rules] and internal control that is required by gagas but not required by aicpa standards .

To reissue essentially the same report omitting the information regarding compliance with laws and regulations and internal control is not in the public interest .
to reissue essentially the same report omitting the information regarding compliance with laws and [rules] and internal control is not in the public interest .

Reporting on Internal Control and on Fraud , Illegal Acts , and Other Noncompliance 6.28 An additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : The report on an attestation engagement should disclose deficiencies in internal control , including internal control over compliance with laws and regulations , that are material to the subject matter or assertion .
reporting on internal control and on fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance 6.28 an additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : the report on an attestation engagement should disclose deficiencies in internal control , including internal control over compliance with laws and [rules] , that are material to the subject matter or assertion .

Further distribution of reports outside the organization should be made in accordance with applicable laws , rules , regulations , or policy .
further distribution of reports outside the organization should be made in accordance with applicable laws , rules , [rules] , or policy .

Laws and regulations : Government programs usually are created by law and are subject to more specific laws and regulations than the private sector .
laws and [rules] : government programs usually are created by law and are subject to more specific laws and [rules] than the private sector .

For example , laws and regulations usually set forth what is to be done , who is to do it , the purpose to be achieved , the population to be served , and how much can be spent on what .
for example , laws and [rules] usually set forth what is to be done , who is to do it , the purpose to be achieved , the population to be served , and how much can be spent on what .

Obtaining that understanding is also a necessary step in identifying provisions of laws and regulations significant to audit objectives .
obtaining that understanding is also a necessary step in identifying provisions of laws and [rules] significant to audit objectives .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft 93 Understanding the controls relevant to compliance with those laws and regulations that the auditors have determined are significant can help auditors assess the risk of illegal acts .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft 93 understanding the controls relevant to compliance with those laws and [rules] that the auditors have determined are significant can help auditors assess the risk of illegal acts .

Considering Legal , Regulatory , and Other Compliance Requirements 7.17 When laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements are significant to the audit objectives , auditors should design the audit to provide reasonable assurance about compliance with them .
considering legal , regulatory , and other compliance requirements 7.17 when laws , [rules] , and other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements are significant to the audit objectives , auditors should design the audit to provide reasonable assurance about compliance with them .

This requires determining which laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements are significant to the audit objectives and assessing the risk that significant noncompliance could occur.7 Based on that risk assessment , the auditors design and perform procedures to provide reasonable assurance of detecting 5 The Standards for Internal Control in the Federal Government ( GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 , November 1999 ) is one source of established criteria auditors can use to support their judgments and conclusions about internal control .
this requires determining which laws , [rules] , and other compliance requirements are significant to the audit objectives and assessing the risk that significant noncompliance could occur.7 based on that risk assessment , the auditors design and perform procedures to provide reasonable assurance of detecting 5 the standards for internal control in the federal government ( gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 , november 1999 ) is one source of established criteria auditors can use to support their judgments and conclusions about internal control .

The term noncompliance includes not only illegal acts resulting from violations of laws and regulations , but also violations of provisions of contracts or grant agreements .
the term noncompliance includes not only illegal acts resulting from violations of laws and [rules] , but also violations of provisions of contracts or grant agreements .

Identify laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements that directly relate to specific aspects of the program included in questions that reflect the audit objectives .
identify laws , [rules] , and other compliance requirements that directly relate to specific aspects of the program included in questions that reflect the audit objectives .

If they could , then those laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements are likely to be significant to the audit objectives .
if they could , then those laws , [rules] , and other compliance requirements are likely to be significant to the audit objectives .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft 96 7.20 In planning tests of compliance with significant laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements , auditors should assess the risk that noncompliance could occur .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft 96 7.20 in planning tests of compliance with significant laws , [rules] , and other compliance requirements , auditors should assess the risk that noncompliance could occur .

That risk may be affected by such factors as the complexity of the laws and regulations or their newness .
that risk may be affected by such factors as the complexity of the laws and [rules] or their newness .

Management is responsible for establishing effective controls to ensure compliance with laws and regulations , as well as other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements .
management is responsible for establishing effective controls to ensure compliance with laws and [rules] , as well as other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements .

Auditors from another country engaged to conduct audits in their country should meet the professional qualifications to practice under that country 's laws and regulations or other acceptable standards , such as those issued by the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions .
auditors from another country engaged to conduct audits in their country should meet the professional qualifications to practice under that country 's laws and [rules] or other acceptable standards , such as those issued by the international organization of supreme audit institutions .

Under some circumstances , laws , regulations , or policies require auditors to report indications of certain types of illegal acts to law enforcement or investigatory authorities before extending audit steps and procedures .
under some circumstances , laws , [rules] , or policies require auditors to report indications of certain types of illegal acts to law enforcement or investigatory authorities before extending audit steps and procedures .

The term `` noncompliance '' comprises illegal acts ( violations of laws and regulations ) and violations of provisions of contracts or grant agreements .
the term `` noncompliance '' comprises illegal acts ( violations of laws and [rules] ) and violations of provisions of contracts or grant agreements .

When auditors conclude significant abuse has or is likely to have occurred , they should also include 5 Common sources for criteria are laws , regulations , policy , procedures , best or standard practice , or assertions .
when auditors conclude significant abuse has or is likely to have occurred , they should also include 5 common sources for criteria are laws , [rules] , policy , procedures , best or standard practice , or assertions .

Recommendations to effect compliance with laws and regulations and improve internal control also should be made when significant instances of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance are noted or significant abuse or weaknesses in controls are found .
recommendations to effect compliance with laws and [rules] and improve internal control also should be made when significant instances of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance are noted or significant abuse or weaknesses in controls are found .

Certain information may be prohibited from general disclosure by federal , state , or local laws or regulations .
certain information may be prohibited from general disclosure by federal , state , or local laws or [rules] .

Sections 303 ( f ) and ( g ) empower the Commission to make such regulations as necessary to prevent interference between stations and encourage the larger and more effective use of radio in the public interest , respectively .
sections 303 ( f ) and ( g ) empower the commission to make such [rules] as necessary to prevent interference between stations and encourage the larger and more effective use of radio in the public interest , respectively .

Although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the desire to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on providing high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with applicable laws and regulations .
although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the desire to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on providing high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with applicable laws and [rules] .

As part of its evaluation , GAO made a series of recommendations to the Health Care Financing Administration ( HCFA ) for improvements to its nursing home survey process and for stronger enforcement in instances when nursing homes repeatedly violate regulations and do not correct deficiencies .
as part of its evaluation , gao made a series of recommendations to the health care financing administration ( hcfa ) for improvements to its nursing home survey process and for stronger enforcement in instances when nursing homes repeatedly violate [rules] and do not correct deficiencies .

In one instance , GAO reported that the Federal Railroad Administration ( FRA ) had few regulations involving passenger car safety for Amtrak or commuter rail operations .
in one instance , gao reported that the federal railroad administration ( fra ) had few [rules] involving passenger car safety for amtrak or commuter rail operations .

See Office of Personnel Management 's ( OPM ) Memorandum for Personnel Directors on the subject of Alternative Workplace Arrangements , October 21 , 1993. the approving official 's knowledge true , correct , and accurate , and in accordance with applicable laws , regulations , and legal decisions .
see office of personnel management 's ( opm ) memorandum for personnel directors on the subject of alternative workplace arrangements , october 21 , 1993. the approving official 's knowledge true , correct , and accurate , and in accordance with applicable laws , [rules] , and legal decisions .

Agencies also publish information on scheduled hearings and 1 RISC is part of the General Services Administration , and works closely with OMB to provide information to the president , Congress , and the public about federal regulations .
agencies also publish information on scheduled hearings and 1 risc is part of the general services administration , and works closely with omb to provide information to the president , congress , and the public about federal [rules] .

It provides free online access to over 1,000 databases , including the Code of Federal Regulations , the Congressional Record , and the Commerce Business Daily .
it provides free online access to over 1,000 databases , including the code of federal [rules] , the congressional record , and the commerce business daily .

Some of the agencies ' home pages feature direct links to their rules and regulations .
some of the agencies ' home pages feature direct links to their rules and [rules] .

For example , EPA 's home page ( http : //www.epa.gov ) has a link called `` Legislation & Regulations , '' which leads to another link entitled `` Regulations and Proposed Rules . ''
for example , epa 's home page ( http : //www.epa.gov ) has a link called `` legislation & [rules] , '' which leads to another link entitled `` [rules] and proposed rules . ''

Although the `` Regulations and Proposed Rules '' link also permitted the user to identify `` Environmental Documents '' in the Federal Register , the search tools identified any document related to a date or keyword , not just proposed rules .
although the `` [rules] and proposed rules '' link also permitted the user to identify `` environmental documents '' in the federal register , the search tools identified any document related to a date or keyword , not just proposed rules .

Like the EPA site , the `` DOT Regulations , Orders , Policies , and Regulations '' link directs the viewer to the GPO Access web site .
like the epa site , the `` dot [rules] , orders , policies , and [rules] '' link directs the viewer to the gpo access web site .

For example , USDA 's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service 's ( APHIS ) web page contained a `` Regulations '' link that provides a listing of recently published rules , along with text or Adobe Portable Document Format ( PDF ) files allowing viewers to read the rules on line .
for example , usda 's animal and plant health inspection service 's ( aphis ) web page contained a `` [rules] '' link that provides a listing of recently published rules , along with text or adobe portable document format ( pdf ) files allowing viewers to read the rules on line .

HHS 's Administration for Children and Families ( ACF ) had a web page on `` ACF Regulations Currently Open for Comment . ''
hhs 's administration for children and families ( acf ) had a web page on `` acf [rules] currently open for comment . ''

However , it was not immediately apparent how to locate that page from the HHS home page ; the user had to click on `` HHS Agencies '' and , at the ACF web page , use a `` dropdown menu '' entitled `` Select a Topic '' within which the `` Regulations Currently Open for Comment '' page is located .
however , it was not immediately apparent how to locate that page from the hhs home page ; the user had to click on `` hhs agencies '' and , at the acf web page , use a `` dropdown menu '' entitled `` select a topic '' within which the `` [rules] currently open for comment '' page is located .

HHS supports a number of these gateways and has a `` Gateways '' button on its home page identifying them , which includes both HHSsponsored sites ( e.g. , `` Organ Donation '' and `` YouthInfo '' ) and other sites ( e.g. , `` U.S. State & However , EPA 's Office of Prevention , Pesticides and Toxic Substances home page did have a `` Laws & Regulations '' link that contains a link to a list of proposed rules available for comment .
hhs supports a number of these gateways and has a `` gateways '' button on its home page identifying them , which includes both hhssponsored sites ( e.g. , `` organ donation '' and `` youthinfo '' ) and other sites ( e.g. , `` u.s. state & however , epa 's office of prevention , pesticides and toxic substances home page did have a `` laws & [rules] '' link that contains a link to a list of proposed rules available for comment .

The EPA Small Business Gateway also provides a link to environmental regulations and laws , including `` new regulations , proposed rules , important notices , and the regulatory agenda of future regulations . ''
the epa small business gateway also provides a link to environmental [rules] and laws , including `` new [rules] , proposed rules , important notices , and the regulatory agenda of future [rules] . ''

Similarly , the APHIS web page on recently published rules and regulations allowed users to enter keywords and receive email when certain key words appear on the pages .
similarly , the aphis web page on recently published rules and [rules] allowed users to enter keywords and receive email when certain key words appear on the pages .

They did not believe that every agency should be required to have a `` regulations '' link on its home page , noting that many different organizational units and interests are vying for space on agencies ' home pages .
they did not believe that every agency should be required to have a `` [rules] '' link on its home page , noting that many different organizational units and interests are vying for space on agencies ' home pages .

This rule adopts , with minor , nonsubstantive changes , an interim rule amending VA adjudication regulations concerning compensation for disability or death resulting from VA hospitalization , medical or surgical treatment , or examination .
this rule adopts , with minor , nonsubstantive changes , an interim rule amending va adjudication [rules] concerning compensation for disability or death resulting from va hospitalization , medical or surgical treatment , or examination .

The interim rule , to conform the regulations to a recent United States Supreme Court decision ( Brown v. Gardner , 115 S.Ct .
the interim rule , to conform the [rules] to a recent united states supreme court decision ( brown v. gardner , 115 s.ct .

Robert P. Murphy General Counsel Enclosure cc : Mr. Thomas O. Gessel Director , Office of Regulations Management Department of Veterans Affairs Page 2 1024627 ENCLOSURE ANALYSIS UNDER 5 U.S.C .
robert p. murphy general counsel enclosure cc : mr. thomas o. gessel director , office of [rules] management department of veterans affairs page 2 1024627 enclosure analysis under 5 u.s.c .

VA supplied to the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs a planned regulatory action document that described the reason for the amendment to existing VA regulations and also assessed the costs and budgetary impact of the rule .
va supplied to the office of information and regulatory affairs a planned regulatory action document that described the reason for the amendment to existing va [rules] and also assessed the costs and budgetary impact of the rule .

This rule amends VA 's regulations regarding the award of compensation for disability resulting from hospitalization , treatment , examination , or vocational rehabilitation to reflect the Supreme Court 's interpretation of 38 U.S.C .
this rule amends va 's [rules] regarding the award of compensation for disability resulting from hospitalization , treatment , examination , or vocational rehabilitation to reflect the supreme court 's interpretation of 38 u.s.c .

VA clearly indicated in both the interim rule and the final rule the amendments to the previous adjudication regulations necessitated by the Supreme Court decision in Brown , 115 S.Ct .
va clearly indicated in both the interim rule and the final rule the amendments to the previous adjudication [rules] necessitated by the supreme court decision in brown , 115 s.ct .

In the preamble to the interim rule , VA clearly states that the effective date of the rule is November 25 , 1991 , the date of the Court of Veterans Appeals decision that invalidated the former regulations .
in the preamble to the interim rule , va clearly states that the effective date of the rule is november 25 , 1991 , the date of the court of veterans appeals decision that invalidated the former [rules] .

Finally , section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( F ) requires agencies to define key terms in their regulations .
finally , section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( f ) requires agencies to define key terms in their [rules] .

Much of the authority agency leaders need to manage human capital strategically is already available under current laws and regulations .
much of the authority agency leaders need to manage human capital strategically is already available under current laws and [rules] .

OPM amended regulations that change the way agencies evaluate the members of the Senior Executive Service ( SES ) .
opm amended [rules] that change the way agencies evaluate the members of the senior executive service ( ses ) .

Since the legislation was enacted , we have established agency regulations and conducted and completed our first offering of voluntary early retirement opportunities .
since the legislation was enacted , we have established agency [rules] and conducted and completed our first offering of voluntary early retirement opportunities .

Office of the General Counsel B-274402 November 4 , 1996 The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Environmental Protection Agency : Final Regulations for Revisions to the Federal Test Procedure for Emissions from Motor Vehicles Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Environmental Protection Agency , entitled `` Final Regulations for Revisions to the Federal Test Procedure for Emissions from Motor Vehicles '' ( RIN : 2060-AE27 ) .
office of the general counsel b-274402 november 4 , 1996 the honorable john h. chafee chairman the honorable max baucus ranking minority member committee on environment and public works united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : environmental protection agency : final [rules] for revisions to the federal test procedure for emissions from motor vehicles pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by environmental protection agency , entitled `` final [rules] for revisions to the federal test procedure for emissions from motor vehicles '' ( rin : 2060-ae27 ) .

The use of these procedures regarding rules pertaining to the promulgation or revision of regulations and test procedures for new motor vehicles or engines is mandated by section 307 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( K ) of the Clean Air Act .
the use of these procedures regarding rules pertaining to the promulgation or revision of [rules] and test procedures for new motor vehicles or engines is mandated by section 307 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( k ) of the clean air act .

Office of the General Counsel B-274333 September 12 , 1996 The Honorable Nancy Landon Kassebaum Chairman The Honorable Edward M. Kennedy Ranking Minority Member Committee on Labor and Human Resources United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration : Regulations Restricting the Sale and Distribution of Cigarettes and Smokeless Tobacco to Protect Children and Adolescents Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration , entitled `` Regulations Restricting the Sale and Distribution of Cigarettes and Smokeless Tobacco to Protect Children and Adolescents '' ( RIN : 0910-AA48 ) .
office of the general counsel b-274333 september 12 , 1996 the honorable nancy landon kassebaum chairman the honorable edward m. kennedy ranking minority member committee on labor and human resources united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : department of health and human services , food and drug administration : [rules] restricting the sale and distribution of cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to protect children and adolescents pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by department of health and human services , food and drug administration , entitled `` [rules] restricting the sale and distribution of cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to protect children and adolescents '' ( rin : 0910-aa48 ) .

Operating information is also needed to determine whether the agency is achieving its compliance requirements under various laws and regulations .
operating information is also needed to determine whether the agency is achieving its compliance requirements under various laws and [rules] .

According to EPA , these regulations and other actions taken by EPA substantially harmonize federal and California motor vehicle standards , and once a manufacturer opts into the program , enforcement would be the same as any other federal motor vehicle pollution control program .
according to epa , these [rules] and other actions taken by epa substantially harmonize federal and california motor vehicle standards , and once a manufacturer opts into the program , enforcement would be the same as any other federal motor vehicle pollution control program .

Concurrent with downsizing , procurement regulations have been modified to allow agencies greater flexibility and choice in selecting contracting methods for acquiring facilities .
concurrent with downsizing , procurement [rules] have been modified to allow agencies greater flexibility and choice in selecting contracting methods for acquiring facilities .

The final rule adopts uniform competitive bidding rules for all future auctions , which simplify and streamline FCC regulations in order to increase the overall efficiency of the competitive bidding process .
the final rule adopts uniform competitive bidding rules for all future auctions , which simplify and streamline fcc [rules] in order to increase the overall efficiency of the competitive bidding process .

Each chapter lists audit objectives , commonly expected documentation , detailed audit questions , and references to federal regulations and guidance .
each chapter lists audit objectives , commonly expected documentation , detailed audit questions , and references to federal [rules] and guidance .

This audit guide is also available in a software format , accompanied by reference materials such as the GAO model of the acquisition process , relevant federal acquisition regulations , General Services Administration ( GSA ) guidance , and Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) circulars .
this audit guide is also available in a software format , accompanied by reference materials such as the gao model of the acquisition process , relevant federal acquisition [rules] , general services administration ( gsa ) guidance , and office of management and budget ( omb ) circulars .

Each of the following chapters provides references to regulations and other guidance relevant to material in the chapter .
each of the following chapters provides references to [rules] and other guidance relevant to material in the chapter .

In order to review an acquisition that is using prototypes , the auditor should determine what regulations or guidance the agency has to define a prototyping methodology .
in order to review an acquisition that is using prototypes , the auditor should determine what [rules] or guidance the agency has to define a prototyping methodology .

Note should be made of how well the agency has addressed the critical factors in GAO 's 1990 model of information technology acquisitions as well as agency compliance with acquisition regulations , standards , and other federal guidance .
note should be made of how well the agency has addressed the critical factors in gao 's 1990 model of information technology acquisitions as well as agency compliance with acquisition [rules] , standards , and other federal guidance .

Review agency criteria ( regulations and procedures ) to determine the roles the agency assigns to users .
review agency criteria ( [rules] and procedures ) to determine the roles the agency assigns to users .

Determine whether the acquisition plan was Audit Steps reviewed and approved in a timely manner by the officials designated in the agency 's acquisition regulations .
determine whether the acquisition plan was audit steps reviewed and approved in a timely manner by the officials designated in the agency 's acquisition [rules] .

Federal Regulations Each chapter of this guide lists applicable reference materials including federal regulations and guidance published by GSA , OMB , and other agencies .
federal [rules] each chapter of this guide lists applicable reference materials including federal [rules] and guidance published by gsa , omb , and other agencies .

Applicable regulations include both general rules for procurement , the FAR , and the FIRMR regulations written by GSA specifically for acquiring federal information processing resources .
applicable [rules] include both general rules for procurement , the far , and the firmr [rules] written by gsa specifically for acquiring federal information processing resources .

GSA issues regulations under its Brooks Act authority .
gsa issues [rules] under its brooks act authority .

Solicitation generally publicized in the Commerce Business Daily in accordance with federal regulations .
solicitation generally publicized in the commerce business daily in accordance with federal [rules] .

The FCC 's Report and Order amending Parts 2 and 15 of Title 47 of the Code of Federal Regulations , deregulates the equipment authorization requirements for personal computers and peripherals .
the fcc 's report and order amending parts 2 and 15 of title 47 of the code of federal [rules] , deregulates the equipment authorization requirements for personal computers and peripherals .

Current Federal Frequent Traveler Policy Under current federal laws and regulations , the frequent traveler benefits1 received by a federal employee in conjunction with official travel are generally considered government property , and the employee may not retain the benefits for personal use .
current federal frequent traveler policy under current federal laws and [rules] , the frequent traveler benefits1 received by a federal employee in conjunction with official travel are generally considered government property , and the employee may not retain the benefits for personal use .

The Administrator of the General Services Administration would be expected to prescribe regulations under existing authority in 5 U.S.C .
the administrator of the general services administration would be expected to prescribe [rules] under existing authority in 5 u.s.c .

Since sections 211 and 212 of Public Law 104-193 were effective upon enactment and section 215 required the Commissioner to issue regulations to carry out the amendments within 3 months after enactment , the Commissioner found that it would be impracticable and contrary to congressional intent to follow the NPRM procedures .
since sections 211 and 212 of public law 104-193 were effective upon enactment and section 215 required the commissioner to issue [rules] to carry out the amendments within 3 months after enactment , the commissioner found that it would be impracticable and contrary to congressional intent to follow the nprm procedures .

SSA will consider the comments received by April 14 , 1997 , and will issue revised regulations if necessary .
ssa will consider the comments received by april 14 , 1997 , and will issue revised [rules] if necessary .

GAO/OGC-97-51 This rule amends FDA regulations to provide that animal protein derived from mammalian tissues for use in ruminant feed is a food additive subject to certain provisions in the Federal Food , Drug , and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C .
gao/ogc-97-51 this rule amends fda [rules] to provide that animal protein derived from mammalian tissues for use in ruminant feed is a food additive subject to certain provisions in the federal food , drug , and cosmetic act ( 21 u.s.c .

FDA estimates that costs of $ 93 million would be incurred in direct livestock losses due to BSE infection , that costs of $ 4.7 billion would be incurred slaughtering at-risk cattle culled to prevent BSE spread , and that costs of $ 593 million would be incurred imposing feed regulations at the time BSE was detected .
fda estimates that costs of $ 93 million would be incurred in direct livestock losses due to bse infection , that costs of $ 4.7 billion would be incurred slaughtering at-risk cattle culled to prevent bse spread , and that costs of $ 593 million would be incurred imposing feed [rules] at the time bse was detected .

After FDA evaluates the comments received , makes any revisions , and receives final OMB approval for the information collection , FDA will announce in the Federal Register that approval and the effective date of the part of the regulations that relate to the information collection .
after fda evaluates the comments received , makes any revisions , and receives final omb approval for the information collection , fda will announce in the federal register that approval and the effective date of the part of the [rules] that relate to the information collection .

Further , three statements of policy accompany the final rule , one analyzing payments for computer loan origination systems under the RESPA regulations and two others on issues raised by comments on the proposed rule .
further , three statements of policy accompany the final rule , one analyzing payments for computer loan origination systems under the respa [rules] and two others on issues raised by comments on the proposed rule .

We note that the final rule does clearly specify its affects on existing regulations .
we note that the final rule does clearly specify its affects on existing [rules] .

In 1997 , LSC adopted final regulations clarifying §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) .
in 1997 , lsc adopted final [rules] clarifying §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) .

The recipients argued that the regulations constituted impermissible viewpoint discrimination favoring an antiabortion position over a proabortion approach in the sphere of family planning .
the recipients argued that the [rules] constituted impermissible viewpoint discrimination favoring an antiabortion position over a proabortion approach in the sphere of family planning .

The litigation ban is symmetrical : Litigants challenging the covered statutes or regulations do not receive LSC funding , and neither do litigants defending those laws against challenge .
the litigation ban is symmetrical : litigants challenging the covered statutes or [rules] do not receive lsc funding , and neither do litigants defending those laws against challenge .

Regulations directly restrict speech ; subsidies do not .
[rules] directly restrict speech ; subsidies do not .

Valid regulations implementing the statute required funding recipients to refer pregnant clients `` for appropriate prenatal .
valid [rules] implementing the statute required funding recipients to refer pregnant clients `` for appropriate prenatal .

Regulations permit funding recipients to establish affiliate organizations to conduct litigation and other activities that fall outside the scope of the LSC program .
[rules] permit funding recipients to establish affiliate organizations to conduct litigation and other activities that fall outside the scope of the lsc program .

The Corporation continued to demonstrate its ability to ensure both compliance with program rules and regulations , and the maintenance of high quality legal assistance to eligible clients .
the corporation continued to demonstrate its ability to ensure both compliance with program rules and [rules] , and the maintenance of high quality legal assistance to eligible clients .

In addition , LSC has begun conducting a thorough review of LSC 's regulations .
in addition , lsc has begun conducting a thorough review of lsc 's [rules] .

STATUTORY FRAMEWORK LSC has the statutory responsibility to ensure that recipients comply with the provisions of the LSC Act and regulations and any other laws , including appropriation provisions , which apply to LSC funds or recipients .
statutory framework lsc has the statutory responsibility to ensure that recipients comply with the provisions of the lsc act and [rules] and any other laws , including appropriation provisions , which apply to lsc funds or recipients .

LSC recipients are obligated to provide information to LSC under the applicable LSC statutes , regulations , grant terms , grant assurances , and other rules and provisions regarding the receipt and use of LSC funds .
lsc recipients are obligated to provide information to lsc under the applicable lsc statutes , [rules] , grant terms , grant assurances , and other rules and provisions regarding the receipt and use of lsc funds .

If the action involves suspension or termination of funding , LSC will proceed in a manner consistent with Parts 1606 or 1623 of Title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations .
if the action involves suspension or termination of funding , lsc will proceed in a manner consistent with parts 1606 or 1623 of title 45 of the code of federal [rules] .

Neither the appropriations act nor the Corporation 's regulations define the term `` present in the United States . ''
neither the appropriations act nor the corporation 's [rules] define the term `` present in the united states . ''

Neither the appropriations act nor the Corporation 's regulations defines the term `` present in the United States . ''
neither the appropriations act nor the corporation 's [rules] defines the term `` present in the united states . ''

Seasonal agricultural work is defined in the INA as : `` the performance of field work related to planting , cultural practices , cultivating , growing and harvesting of fruits and vegetables of every kind and other perishable commodities , as defined in regulations by the Secretary of Agriculture . ''
seasonal agricultural work is defined in the ina as : `` the performance of field work related to planting , cultural practices , cultivating , growing and harvesting of fruits and vegetables of every kind and other perishable commodities , as defined in [rules] by the secretary of agriculture . ''

The U.S. Department of Labor ( USDOL ) has also promulgated regulations mandating the minimum benefits that must be provided to H-2A workers .
the u.s. department of labor ( usdol ) has also promulgated [rules] mandating the minimum benefits that must be provided to h-2a workers .

So-called `` commuter aliens '' are a special category of lawful permanent residents recognized by the INS regulations as resident aliens of the United States who may reside outside of the United States in a contiguous territory and who return to work in the United States regularly .
so-called `` commuter aliens '' are a special category of lawful permanent residents recognized by the ins [rules] as resident aliens of the united states who may reside outside of the united states in a contiguous territory and who return to work in the united states regularly .

Representing H-2A workers typically requires specialized knowledge of the H-2A administrative law and regulations , OSHA field sanitation and other health and safety standards , and venue laws controlling access to forums .
representing h-2a workers typically requires specialized knowledge of the h-2a administrative law and [rules] , osha field sanitation and other health and safety standards , and venue laws controlling access to forums .

The USDOL lacks adequate resources to enforce its regulations , April Testimony at 57 ( testimony of Jack Londen , Attorney at Law ) , and has a long history of weak enforcement of the H-2A program .
the usdol lacks adequate resources to enforce its [rules] , april testimony at 57 ( testimony of jack londen , attorney at law ) , and has a long history of weak enforcement of the h-2a program .

The USDOL had documented repeated and long-standing violations of the H-2A statute and regulations , but failed to take action either to correct the violations or to ensure that full restitution was made to the workers .
the usdol had documented repeated and long-standing violations of the h-2a statute and [rules] , but failed to take action either to correct the violations or to ensure that full restitution was made to the workers .

Following the statutory change , LSC issued no new regulations interpreting the language , Congress called for no new interpretation , and LSC grantee practice did not change .
following the statutory change , lsc issued no new [rules] interpreting the language , congress called for no new interpretation , and lsc grantee practice did not change .

It is the intent of the Conferees that contractsentered into shall not violate any provision of the Immigration and Nationality Act authorizing the H-2 program or any regulations issued pursuant to that Act .
it is the intent of the conferees that contractsentered into shall not violate any provision of the immigration and nationality act authorizing the h-2 program or any [rules] issued pursuant to that act .

Criteria and standards used to measure the strength of a legal services delivery network are derived from the LSC Act and regulations , LSC Performance Criteria , American Bar Association ( ABA ) Standards for Programs Providing Civil Pro Bono Legal Services to Persons of Limited Means , and ABA Standards for Providers of Civil Legal Services to the Poor .
criteria and standards used to measure the strength of a legal services delivery network are derived from the lsc act and [rules] , lsc performance criteria , american bar association ( aba ) standards for programs providing civil pro bono legal services to persons of limited means , and aba standards for providers of civil legal services to the poor .

Eligibility for services is determined on a case-by-case basis pursuant to grantee eligibility criteria established under parameters set forth in LSC regulations .
eligibility for services is determined on a case-by-case basis pursuant to grantee eligibility criteria established under parameters set forth in lsc [rules] .

Additionally , new compliance monitoring procedures , which use outside auditors to monitor grantee compliance with regulations and to perform comprehensive yearly oversight of grantee activities , were formulated .
additionally , new compliance monitoring procedures , which use outside auditors to monitor grantee compliance with [rules] and to perform comprehensive yearly oversight of grantee activities , were formulated .

A case is defined as the provision of permissible legal assistance to an eligible client with a legal problem , or set of closely related legal problems , accepted for assistance supported by LSC or non-LSC funds in accordance with the requirements of the LSC Act , regulations , and other applicable law .
a case is defined as the provision of permissible legal assistance to an eligible client with a legal problem , or set of closely related legal problems , accepted for assistance supported by lsc or non-lsc funds in accordance with the requirements of the lsc act , [rules] , and other applicable law .

Legal Services programs may record and report the provision of legal assistance as a case only if : ( a ) the client is financially and otherwise eligible to receive assistance under the LSC Act , regulations , and other applicable law ; the client 's case is within program priorities ( or is an emergency case accepted under the program 's emergency case acceptance procedures ) ; the legal services program has actually accepted the client for service through its intake system or another established procedure for ensuring client eligibility ; ( b ) the type of legal assistance provided to the client is not prohibited by the LSC Act , regulations , or other applicable law ( e.g .
legal services programs may record and report the provision of legal assistance as a case only if : ( a ) the client is financially and otherwise eligible to receive assistance under the lsc act , [rules] , and other applicable law ; the client 's case is within program priorities ( or is an emergency case accepted under the program 's emergency case acceptance procedures ) ; the legal services program has actually accepted the client for service through its intake system or another established procedure for ensuring client eligibility ; ( b ) the type of legal assistance provided to the client is not prohibited by the lsc act , [rules] , or other applicable law ( e.g .

Without the federal funding provided by LSC to local legal services programs , many , and problem ( s ) of a client are not of a type prohibited by the LSC Act , regulations , or other applicable law ( e.g. , an abortion case ) .
without the federal funding provided by lsc to local legal services programs , many , and problem ( s ) of a client are not of a type prohibited by the lsc act , [rules] , or other applicable law ( e.g. , an abortion case ) .

With the exception of the Holmesimysis costata Acute Test ( Table 19 ) , the methods included in this manual are referenced in Table IA , 40 CFR Part 136 regulations and , therefore , constitute approved methods for acute toxicity tests .
with the exception of the holmesimysis costata acute test ( table 19 ) , the methods included in this manual are referenced in table ia , 40 cfr part 136 [rules] and , therefore , constitute approved methods for acute toxicity tests .

Each testing facility will have its own waste disposal requirements based on local , state , and Federal rules and regulations .
each testing facility will have its own waste disposal requirements based on local , state , and federal rules and [rules] .

It is extremely important that these rules and regulations be known , understood , and complied with by all persons responsible for , or otherwise involved in , performing testing activities .
it is extremely important that these rules and [rules] be known , understood , and complied with by all persons responsible for , or otherwise involved in , performing testing activities .

However , EPA allows the use of indigenous species only where state regulations require their use or prohibit importation of the species in 6.1.2 .
however , epa allows the use of indigenous species only where state [rules] require their use or prohibit importation of the species in 6.1.2 .

Where state regulations prohibit importation or use of the recommended test species , permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use .
where state [rules] prohibit importation or use of the recommended test species , permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use .

However , USEPA allows the use of indigenous species only where state regulations require their use or prohibit importation of the species in Subsection 6.1.3 .
however , usepa allows the use of indigenous species only where state [rules] require their use or prohibit importation of the species in subsection 6.1.3 .

Where state regulations prohibit importation of non-native fishes or use of the recommended test species , permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use .
where state [rules] prohibit importation of non-native fishes or use of the recommended test species , permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use .

Each testing facility will have its own waste disposal requirements based on local , state and Federal rules and regulations .
each testing facility will have its own waste disposal requirements based on local , state and federal rules and [rules] .

It is extremely important that these rules and regulations be known , understood , and complied with by all persons responsible for , or otherwise involved in , performing toxicity testing activities .
it is extremely important that these rules and [rules] be known , understood , and complied with by all persons responsible for , or otherwise involved in , performing toxicity testing activities .

The impacts of policies or regulations are measured by the resulting differences between these two scenarios .
the impacts of policies or [rules] are measured by the resulting differences between these two scenarios .

The Administrator has already issued regulations under the existing Section 403 for sulfur dioxide allowances and must issue regulations within 24 months of enactment governing the issuance , transfer , recording , and tracking of the nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances .
the administrator has already issued [rules] under the existing section 403 for sulfur dioxide allowances and must issue [rules] within 24 months of enactment governing the issuance , transfer , recording , and tracking of the nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances .

The Administrator already issued regulations implementing the existing Section 412 and must issue new regulations by January 1 , 2008 for monitoring of mercury .
the administrator already issued [rules] implementing the existing section 412 and must issue new [rules] by january 1 , 2008 for monitoring of mercury .

Auctions Section 409 requires the Administrator to issue regulations within 36 months of enactment concerning auctions of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxide allowances , and mercury allowances .
auctions section 409 requires the administrator to issue [rules] within 36 months of enactment concerning auctions of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxide allowances , and mercury allowances .

The regulations must specify the procedures , frequency , and timing of auctions .
the [rules] must specify the procedures , frequency , and timing of auctions .

The procedures will apply if the Administrator is required to conduct an auction but has not yet issued regulations establishing procedures .
the procedures will apply if the administrator is required to conduct an auction but has not yet issued [rules] establishing procedures .

However , the Administrator must still promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .
however , the administrator must still promulgate [rules] determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 424 provides a default method for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary so that owners and operators can plan for compliance .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation [rules] on a timely basis , section 424 provides a default method for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of [rules] , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary so that owners and operators can plan for compliance .

The Administrator will promulgate regulations to allow use of any banked pre-2009 sulfur dioxide allowances in the new nationwide sulfur dioxide program .
the administrator will promulgate [rules] to allow use of any banked pre-2009 sulfur dioxide allowances in the new nationwide sulfur dioxide program .

However , the Administrator must still promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .
however , the administrator must still promulgate [rules] determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 434 provides a default methodology analogous to that for the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation [rules] on a timely basis , section 434 provides a default methodology analogous to that for the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of [rules] , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary .

Further , the Administrator must also promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .
further , the administrator must also promulgate [rules] determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 454 provides two default methods for compliance , both of which are implemented separately for the two zones .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation [rules] on a timely basis , section 454 provides two default methods for compliance , both of which are implemented separately for the two zones .

The first default method , which is analogous to the default under the new sulfur dioxide trading program , applies if the Allowance Tracking System regulations are timely promulgated but not the allocation regulations .
the first default method , which is analogous to the default under the new sulfur dioxide trading program , applies if the allowance tracking system [rules] are timely promulgated but not the allocation [rules] .

However , if neither the Allowance Tracking System regulations nor the allocation regulations are timely promulgated , then the second default applies under which each affected EGU is required for the year involved to meet an emission rate limit of 0.14 lb/mmBtu for units in Zone 1 or 0.25 lb/mmBtu for units in Zone 2 .
however , if neither the allowance tracking system [rules] nor the allocation [rules] are timely promulgated , then the second default applies under which each affected egu is required for the year involved to meet an emission rate limit of 0.14 lb/mmbtu for units in zone 1 or 0.25 lb/mmbtu for units in zone 2 .

Carryforward of Pre-2008 Nitrogen Oxides Allowances Section 465 requires the Administrator to promulgate regulations allowing owners and operators to carry over , into the new nitrogen oxides trading program under Subpart 2 , any banked pre-2008 allowances under the NOx budget trading program administered by the Administrator under the NOx SIP call .
carryforward of pre-2008 nitrogen oxides allowances section 465 requires the administrator to promulgate [rules] allowing owners and operators to carry over , into the new nitrogen oxides trading program under subpart 2 , any banked pre-2008 allowances under the nox budget trading program administered by the administrator under the nox sip call .

Further , the Administrator must also promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .
further , the administrator must also promulgate [rules] determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 474 provides two default methods for compliance analogous to those under the new nitrogen oxides trading program .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation [rules] on a timely basis , section 474 provides two default methods for compliance analogous to those under the new nitrogen oxides trading program .

However , if neither the Allowance Tracking System regulations nor the allocation regulations are timely promulgated , then the second default applies under which each affected EGU must comply with an emission limit of 30 percent of the mercury content ( in ounces per mmBtu ) of the coal and coal-derived fuel combusted by the unit .
however , if neither the allowance tracking system [rules] nor the allocation [rules] are timely promulgated , then the second default applies under which each affected egu must comply with an emission limit of 30 percent of the mercury content ( in ounces per mmbtu ) of the coal and coal-derived fuel combusted by the unit .

The methods included in this manual are referenced in Table IA , 40 CFR Part 136 regulations and , therefore , constitute approved methods for chronic toxicity tests .
the methods included in this manual are referenced in table ia , 40 cfr part 136 [rules] and , therefore , constitute approved methods for chronic toxicity tests .

Each testing facility will have its own waste disposal requirements based on local , state , and Federal rules and regulations .
each testing facility will have its own waste disposal requirements based on local , state , and federal rules and [rules] .

It is extremely important that these rules and regulations be known , understood , and complied with by all persons responsible for , or otherwise involved in performing the toxicity testing activities .
it is extremely important that these rules and [rules] be known , understood , and complied with by all persons responsible for , or otherwise involved in performing the toxicity testing activities .

However , USEPA allows the use of indigenous species only where state regulations require their use or prohibit importation of the recommended species in Subsection 6.1.3 .
however , usepa allows the use of indigenous species only where state [rules] require their use or prohibit importation of the recommended species in subsection 6.1.3 .

Where state regulations prohibit importation of non-native fishes or the use of recommended test species , permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use .
where state [rules] prohibit importation of non-native fishes or the use of recommended test species , permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use .

It is possible to achieve better results at lower costs , but not if we simply add yet another program on top of all of the existing regulations .
it is possible to achieve better results at lower costs , but not if we simply add yet another program on top of all of the existing [rules] .

Rather than add yet another layer of environmental regulations on top of the existing ones , we believe that S. 556 should eliminate those unnecessary existing requirements .
rather than add yet another layer of environmental [rules] on top of the existing ones , we believe that s. 556 should eliminate those unnecessary existing requirements .

The President 's flexible , market-based approach to reducing emissions from power generators stands in sharp contrast to the complex web of existing regulations which currently confront the industry .
the president 's flexible , market-based approach to reducing emissions from power generators stands in sharp contrast to the complex web of existing [rules] which currently confront the industry .

Absent changes to the Act , EPA and states will be forced to follow the same approach in future regulations .
absent changes to the act , epa and states will be forced to follow the same approach in future [rules] .

There are many regulations in place that will reduce air emissions from electric power generation .
there are many [rules] in place that will reduce air emissions from electric power generation .

These regulations include both federal and State requirements that address a variety of emissions including SO2 , NOx , CO , PM10 , and a number of hazardous air pollutants .
these [rules] include both federal and state requirements that address a variety of emissions including so2 , nox , co , pm10 , and a number of hazardous air pollutants .

The regulation of power generators does not end with existing regulations .
the regulation of power generators does not end with existing [rules] .

Modeling shows that when full implementation of existing regulations such as the acid rain program , the NOx SIP Call , the Tier II standards for cars and trucks , the heavy duty diesel engine standards , and the low sulfur gasoline and diesel fuel rules are taken into account , additional reductions will be needed to bring areas into attainment .
modeling shows that when full implementation of existing [rules] such as the acid rain program , the nox sip call , the tier ii standards for cars and trucks , the heavy duty diesel engine standards , and the low sulfur gasoline and diesel fuel rules are taken into account , additional reductions will be needed to bring areas into attainment .

The goal of this research effort is to catalyze development and implementation of innovative , cost-effective environmental technologies ; develop scientific and engineering information needed by EPA to support regulatory and policy decisions ; and provide technical support and information transfer to ensure effective implementation of environmental regulations and strategies .
the goal of this research effort is to catalyze development and implementation of innovative , cost-effective environmental technologies ; develop scientific and engineering information needed by epa to support regulatory and policy decisions ; and provide technical support and information transfer to ensure effective implementation of environmental [rules] and strategies .

Air Daily , `` For Labor Capable of Meeting SCR Demand , '' Clear Air Regulations and Markets , Vol .
air daily , `` for labor capable of meeting scr demand , '' clear air [rules] and markets , vol .

Regulating Emissions from Power Generation The President 's legislative approach stands in sharp contrast to the complex web of existing regulations which currently confront the industry .
regulating emissions from power generation the president 's legislative approach stands in sharp contrast to the complex web of existing [rules] which currently confront the industry .

These regulations include both federal and State requirements that address a variety of emissions including SO2 , NOx , CO , PM10 , and a number of hazardous air pollutants .
these [rules] include both federal and state requirements that address a variety of emissions including so2 , nox , co , pm10 , and a number of hazardous air pollutants .

Typically , an analysis will include a baseline scenario that simulates future conditions in the absence of the proposed regulation and one or more control scenarios that simulate conditions under the regulations being evaluated .
typically , an analysis will include a baseline scenario that simulates future conditions in the absence of the proposed regulation and one or more control scenarios that simulate conditions under the [rules] being evaluated .

For the 2010 and 2020 Base Cases , emissions under current regulations with economic and population growth were projected .
for the 2010 and 2020 base cases , emissions under current [rules] with economic and population growth were projected .

The Administrator is not required to allocate allowances under such sections to a unit for which the owner or operator fails to submit information in accordance with the regulations promulgated under this subparagraph .
the administrator is not required to allocate allowances under such sections to a unit for which the owner or operator fails to submit information in accordance with the [rules] promulgated under this subparagraph .

With regard to nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances , the Administrator shall implement this subsection by promulgating regulations not later than twenty-four months after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 .
with regard to nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances , the administrator shall implement this subsection by promulgating [rules] not later than twenty-four months after the date of enactment of the clear skies act of 2002 .

The regulations under this subsection shall establish the allowance system prescribed under this section , including , but not limited to , requirements for the allocation , transfer , and use of allowances under this title .
the [rules] under this subsection shall establish the allowance system prescribed under this section , including , but not limited to , requirements for the allocation , transfer , and use of allowances under this title .

Such regulations shall provide , or shall be amended to provide , that transfers of allowances shall not be effective until certification of the transfer , signed by a responsible official of the transferor , is received and recorded by the Administrator .
such [rules] shall provide , or shall be amended to provide , that transfers of allowances shall not be effective until certification of the transfer , signed by a responsible official of the transferor , is received and recorded by the administrator .

With regard to nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances , the Administrator shall implement this subsection by promulgating regulations not later than twenty-four months after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 .
with regard to nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances , the administrator shall implement this subsection by promulgating [rules] not later than twenty-four months after the date of enactment of the clear skies act of 2002 .

Allowances , once allocated or auctioned to a person by the Administrator , may be received , held , and temporarily or permanently transferred in accordance with this title and the regulations of the Administrator without regard to whether or not a permit is in effect under title V or section 404 with respect to the unit for which such allowance was originally allocated and recorded .
allowances , once allocated or auctioned to a person by the administrator , may be received , held , and temporarily or permanently transferred in accordance with this title and the [rules] of the administrator without regard to whether or not a permit is in effect under title v or section 404 with respect to the unit for which such allowance was originally allocated and recorded .

Not later than thirty-six months after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 , the Administrator shall promulgate regulations providing for direct sales of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , and mercury allowances to an owner or operator of a facility .
not later than thirty-six months after the date of enactment of the clear skies act of 2002 , the administrator shall promulgate [rules] providing for direct sales of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , and mercury allowances to an owner or operator of a facility .

Nothing in this section or in the allowance system regulations shall relieve the Administrator of the Administrator 's permitting , monitoring and enforcement obligations under this Act , nor relieve affected facilities of their requirements and liabilities under this Act .
nothing in this section or in the allowance system [rules] shall relieve the administrator of the administrator 's permitting , monitoring and enforcement obligations under this act , nor relieve affected facilities of their requirements and liabilities under this act .

Such regulations may include limitations on the use of alternative compliance methods by units equipped with an alternative monitoring system as may be necessary to preserve the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and which will ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .
such [rules] may include limitations on the use of alternative compliance methods by units equipped with an alternative monitoring system as may be necessary to preserve the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and which will ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .

Where 2 or more units utilize a single stack , a separate CEMS shall not be required for each unit , and for such units the regulations shall require that the owner or operator collect sufficient information to permit reliable compliance determinations for each such unit .
where 2 or more units utilize a single stack , a separate cems shall not be required for each unit , and for such units the [rules] shall require that the owner or operator collect sufficient information to permit reliable compliance determinations for each such unit .

The owner or operator shall be liable for excess emissions fees and offsets under section 406 in accordance with such regulations .
the owner or operator shall be liable for excess emissions fees and offsets under section 406 in accordance with such [rules] .

With regard to mercury , the Administrator shall implement subsections ( a ) and ( c ) by issuing regulations not later than January 1 , 2008 .
with regard to mercury , the administrator shall implement subsections ( a ) and ( c ) by issuing [rules] not later than january 1 , 2008 .

Administrator shall implement this paragraph by issuing regulations no later than twenty-four months after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 .
administrator shall implement this paragraph by issuing [rules] no later than twenty-four months after the date of enactment of the clear skies act of 2002 .

The Administrator shall issue regulations requiring all the unit 's baselines to be based on the same year and specifying minimum requirements concerning the percentage of the unit 's operating hours for which quality assured CEMS data must be available during such year .
the administrator shall issue [rules] requiring all the unit 's baselines to be based on the same year and specifying minimum requirements concerning the percentage of the unit 's operating hours for which quality assured cems data must be available during such year .

The regulations shall provide for allocations equal to fifty percent of the following amounts , as adjusted under paragraph ( 2 ) :
the [rules] shall provide for allocations equal to fifty percent of the following amounts , as adjusted under paragraph ( 2 ) :

With respect to parts C and D , such regulations or rulings shall apply to all areas in which EPA is the permitting authority .
with respect to parts c and d , such [rules] or rulings shall apply to all areas in which epa is the permitting authority .

In those instances in which the State is the permitting authority under part C or D , any State may adopt and submit to the Administrator for approval revisions to its implementation plan to apply the regulations or rulings promulgated under this subsection .
in those instances in which the state is the permitting authority under part c or d , any state may adopt and submit to the administrator for approval revisions to its implementation plan to apply the [rules] or rulings promulgated under this subsection .

Such regulations may provide allowances to be offered for sale before or during the year for which such allowances may be used to meet the requirement to hold allowances under section 422 , 452 , and 472 .
such [rules] may provide allowances to be offered for sale before or during the year for which such allowances may be used to meet the requirement to hold allowances under section 422 , 452 , and 472 .

Such regulations shall specify the frequency and timing of auctions and may provide for more than one auction of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , or mercury allowances during a year .
such [rules] shall specify the frequency and timing of auctions and may provide for more than one auction of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , or mercury allowances during a year .

Such regulations shall specify that the auctioned allowances shall be allocated and sold on the basis of bid price , starting with the highest-priced bid and continuing until all allowances for sale at such auction have been allocated .
such [rules] shall specify that the auctioned allowances shall be allocated and sold on the basis of bid price , starting with the highest-priced bid and continuing until all allowances for sale at such auction have been allocated .

The regulations shall not permit that a minimum price be set for the purchase of withheld allowances .
the [rules] shall not permit that a minimum price be set for the purchase of withheld allowances .

The transfer of allowances at such auction shall be recorded in accordance with the regulations promulgated by the Administrator under this subpart .
the transfer of allowances at such auction shall be recorded in accordance with the [rules] promulgated by the administrator under this subpart .

Pursuant to regulations under this section , the Administrator may by delegation or contract provide for the conduct of sales or auctions under the Administrator 's supervision by other departments or agencies of the United States Government or by nongovernmental agencies , groups , or organizations .
pursuant to [rules] under this section , the administrator may by delegation or contract provide for the conduct of sales or auctions under the administrator 's supervision by other departments or agencies of the united states government or by nongovernmental agencies , groups , or organizations .

The reports shall also contain estimates of the actual emission reduction in each year resulting from promulgation of the diesel fuel desulfurization regulations under section 214 .
the reports shall also contain estimates of the actual emission reduction in each year resulting from promulgation of the diesel fuel desulfurization [rules] under section 214 .

The regulations shall 32 provide that- 33 ( 1 ) ( A ) Ninety-five percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated each year 34 to affected EGUs under section 423 shall be allocated based on the sulfur dioxide allowances that were allocated under subpart 1 for 2010 or thereafter and are held in unit accounts and general accounts in the Allowance Tracking System under section 403 ( c ) .
the [rules] shall 32 provide that- 33 ( 1 ) ( a ) ninety-five percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated each year 34 to affected egus under section 423 shall be allocated based on the sulfur dioxide allowances that were allocated under subpart 1 for 2010 or thereafter and are held in unit accounts and general accounts in the allowance tracking system under section 403 ( c ) .

If the permitting authority determines , in accordance with regulations issued by the Administrator that the conditions in the paragraph above can be met , the permitting authority shall issue operating permits for such units , in accordance with section 404 and title V , that allow alternative contemporaneous annual emission limitations .
if the permitting authority determines , in accordance with [rules] issued by the administrator that the conditions in the paragraph above can be met , the permitting authority shall issue operating permits for such units , in accordance with section 404 and title v , that allow alternative contemporaneous annual emission limitations .

The 33 regulations shall determine the allocation for such units for each year by multiplying the allocation 34 amount under section 453 ( a ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the 35 facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected EGUs in the Zone 1 States .
the 33 [rules] shall determine the allocation for such units for each year by multiplying the allocation 34 amount under section 453 ( a ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the 35 facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected egus in the zone 1 states .

The regulations shall determine the allocation for such units for each year by multiplying the allocation amount under section 453 ( b ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected EGUs in the Zone 2 States .
the [rules] shall determine the allocation for such units for each year by multiplying the allocation amount under section 453 ( b ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected egus in the zone 2 states .

The Administrator shall promulgate regulations as necessary to assure that the requirement to hold allowances under section 452 ( a ) ( 1 ) may be met using nitrogen oxides allowances allocated for an ozone season before 2008 under a nitrogen oxides trading program that the Administrator administers in a State 's applicable implementation plan under section 463 .
the administrator shall promulgate [rules] as necessary to assure that the requirement to hold allowances under section 452 ( a ) ( 1 ) may be met using nitrogen oxides allowances allocated for an ozone season before 2008 under a nitrogen oxides trading program that the administrator administers in a state 's applicable implementation plan under section 463 .

The regulations shall provide that the Administrator shall allocate 33 each year for such units an amount determined by multiplying the allocation amount in section 473 by 34 the ratio of the total amount of the adjusted baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total 35 amount of adjusted baseline heat input of all affected EGUs .
the [rules] shall provide that the administrator shall allocate 33 each year for such units an amount determined by multiplying the allocation amount in section 473 by 34 the ratio of the total amount of the adjusted baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total 35 amount of adjusted baseline heat input of all affected egus .

Any such regulations shall be promulgated within 8 years of 2010 .
any such [rules] shall be promulgated within 8 years of 2010 .

The regulations shall require that such data be reported to the Administrator .
the [rules] shall require that such data be reported to the administrator .

If someone thinks we need to modify our regulations to encourage niche classification cases , let us know .
if someone thinks we need to modify our [rules] to encourage niche classification cases , let us know .

It is constrained by laws and regulations formulated by Congress over more than two centuries .
it is constrained by laws and [rules] formulated by congress over more than two centuries .

Further , the periodicals subclasses have strict rules on enclosures , have regulations that depend on whether the publication is bound or unbound , and most have rates that depend on whether the material inside is advertising or editorial.22 There are cases where merchandise is treated different from non-merchandise and where , under the MBMFC rule discussed above , some kinds of content may use one subclass and not others .
further , the periodicals subclasses have strict rules on enclosures , have [rules] that depend on whether the publication is bound or unbound , and most have rates that depend on whether the material inside is advertising or editorial.22 there are cases where merchandise is treated different from non-merchandise and where , under the mbmfc rule discussed above , some kinds of content may use one subclass and not others .

February 11 , 2002 POSTAL RATE COMMISSION Memorandum February 11 , 2002 TO : Senate Committee on Appropriations House Committee on Appropriations Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs House Committee on Government Reform SUBJECT : Report to the Congress on Authority of the United States Postal Service to Introduce Innovative Products and Services and to Enter into Rate and Service Agreements In accordance with the direction of the Joint Committee of Conference concerning the 2002 appropriation for the Postal Service , the Postal Rate Commission hereby transmits its report on the scope of existing authority of the United States Postal Service under current postal laws and regulations to introduce new products and services and to enter into negotiated service agreements with individual customers or groups of customers .
february 11 , 2002 postal rate commission memorandum february 11 , 2002 to : senate committee on appropriations house committee on appropriations senate committee on governmental affairs house committee on government reform subject : report to the congress on authority of the united states postal service to introduce innovative products and services and to enter into rate and service agreements in accordance with the direction of the joint committee of conference concerning the 2002 appropriation for the postal service , the postal rate commission hereby transmits its report on the scope of existing authority of the united states postal service under current postal laws and [rules] to introduce new products and services and to enter into negotiated service agreements with individual customers or groups of customers .

BACKGROUND AND SCOPE OF ANALYSIS In joint deliberations on appropriations for the United States Postal Service and certain other agencies and departments for Fiscal Year 2002 , the committee of conference directed both the Postal Service and the Postal Rate Commission to prepare reports on particular areas of the Postal Service 's authority under existing law.1 Specifically , the conferees directed : …both the United States Postal Service and the Postal Rate Commission to independently report , 90 days after enactment of this Act , on the scope of existing authority of the US Postal Service , under title 39 , United States Code , and title 39 , Code of Federal Regulations , to introduce and provide new products and services ( including the introduction and provision of new products and service on an experimental or market test basis ) and to enter into negotiated service agreements with individual customers or groups of customers .
background and scope of analysis in joint deliberations on appropriations for the united states postal service and certain other agencies and departments for fiscal year 2002 , the committee of conference directed both the postal service and the postal rate commission to prepare reports on particular areas of the postal service 's authority under existing law.1 specifically , the conferees directed : …both the united states postal service and the postal rate commission to independently report , 90 days after enactment of this act , on the scope of existing authority of the us postal service , under title 39 , united states code , and title 39 , code of federal [rules] , to introduce and provide new products and services ( including the introduction and provision of new products and service on an experimental or market test basis ) and to enter into negotiated service agreements with individual customers or groups of customers .

The Commission 's procedural rules governing proposed changes in the mail classification schedule are contained in Subpart C of title 39 of the Code of Federal Regulations , 39 C.F.R .
the commission 's procedural rules governing proposed changes in the mail classification schedule are contained in subpart c of title 39 of the code of federal [rules] , 39 c.f.r .

For standard operating procedures , see NYPD regulations , `` Patrol Guide : Rapid Mobilization , '' and `` Patrol Guide : Mobilization Readiness Levels , '' Jan. 1 , 2000 .
for standard operating procedures , see nypd [rules] , `` patrol guide : rapid mobilization , '' and `` patrol guide : mobilization readiness levels , '' jan. 1 , 2000 .

For operations being headed by the sole five-star chief , see FDNY regulations , `` Regulations '' chapter of `` Operational Procedures and Policies , '' July 1999 .
for operations being headed by the sole five-star chief , see fdny [rules] , `` [rules] '' chapter of `` operational procedures and policies , '' july 1999 .

For department organization , see FDNY report , `` Unit Location Chart , '' Sept. 11 , 2001 ; FDNY regulations , `` Firefighting Procedures , '' '' Engine Company , '' and `` Ladder Company Operations '' chapters of `` Operational Procedures and Policies , '' July 1999 .
for department organization , see fdny report , `` unit location chart , '' sept. 11 , 2001 ; fdny [rules] , `` firefighting procedures , '' '' engine company , '' and `` ladder company operations '' chapters of `` operational procedures and policies , '' july 1999 .

FDNY regulations , `` Communications '' chapter of `` Operational Procedures and Policies , '' July 1999 ; FDNY interview 60 , HQ ( May 11 , 2004 ) ; FDNY interview 64 , HQ ( June 30 , 2004 ) .
fdny [rules] , `` communications '' chapter of `` operational procedures and policies , '' july 1999 ; fdny interview 60 , hq ( may 11 , 2004 ) ; fdny interview 64 , hq ( june 30 , 2004 ) .

For the number of officers , see NYPD regulations , `` Patrol Guide : Rapid Mobilization , '' Jan. 1 , 2000 ; NYPD recordings , City Wide 1 and Divisions 1 , 2 , and 3 radio channels , Sept. 11 , 2001 .
for the number of officers , see nypd [rules] , `` patrol guide : rapid mobilization , '' jan. 1 , 2000 ; nypd recordings , city wide 1 and divisions 1 , 2 , and 3 radio channels , sept. 11 , 2001 .

For the lack of such written standard operating procedures , see PAPD interview 3 , LaGuardia Airport Command ( Nov. 20 , 2003 ) ; PAPD regulations , `` Manual of Police Division Instructions , '' undated ( in existence before 9/11 ) .
for the lack of such written standard operating procedures , see papd interview 3 , laguardia airport command ( nov. 20 , 2003 ) ; papd [rules] , `` manual of police division instructions , '' undated ( in existence before 9/11 ) .

For the PAPD not changing standard operating procedures or training , see PAPD regulations , '' Manual of Police Division Instructions , '' undated ( in existence before and after 9/11 ) ; Barry Pickard interview ( Nov. 24 , 2003 ) .
for the papd not changing standard operating procedures or training , see papd [rules] , '' manual of police division instructions , '' undated ( in existence before and after 9/11 ) ; barry pickard interview ( nov. 24 , 2003 ) .

On rules regulating access to security sensitive areas of commercial airports , see FAA regulations , '' Airport Security , '' 14 C.F.R.� 107 ; FAA report , `` Air Carrier Standard Security Program , '' May 2001 .
on rules regulating access to security sensitive areas of commercial airports , see faa [rules] , '' airport security , '' 14 c.f.r.� 107 ; faa report , `` air carrier standard security program , '' may 2001 .

FAA report , `` Air Carrier Standard Security Program , '' May 2001 ; FAA regulations , '' Screening of Passengers and Property , '' 14 C.F.R .
faa report , `` air carrier standard security program , '' may 2001 ; faa [rules] , '' screening of passengers and property , '' 14 c.f.r .

See FAA regulations , Air Carriers Checkpoint Operations Guide , Aug. 1999 ; see also Air Transport Association Regional Airlines Association report , '' Checkpoint Operations Guide , '' Aug. 1999 ; Cathal Flynn interview ( Sept. 9 , 2003 ) ; Lee Longmire interview ( Oct. 28 , 2003 ) ; Leo Boivin interview ( Sept. 17 , 2003 ) .
see faa [rules] , air carriers checkpoint operations guide , aug. 1999 ; see also air transport association regional airlines association report , '' checkpoint operations guide , '' aug. 1999 ; cathal flynn interview ( sept. 9 , 2003 ) ; lee longmire interview ( oct. 28 , 2003 ) ; leo boivin interview ( sept. 17 , 2003 ) .

For regulations governing the doors , see FAA regulations , `` Miscellaneous Equipment '' ( emergency exit ) , 14 C.F.R.� 121.313 ( 2001 ) ; FAA regulations , '' Closing and locking of flight crew compartment door , '' 14 C.F.R.� 121.587 ( 2001 ) .
for [rules] governing the doors , see faa [rules] , `` miscellaneous equipment '' ( emergency exit ) , 14 c.f.r.� 121.313 ( 2001 ) ; faa [rules] , '' closing and locking of flight crew compartment door , '' 14 c.f.r.� 121.587 ( 2001 ) .

Prior to 9/11 , FAA regulations mandated that cockpit doors permit ready access into and out of the cockpit in the event of an emergency .
prior to 9/11 , faa [rules] mandated that cockpit doors permit ready access into and out of the cockpit in the event of an emergency .

See FAA regulations , Admission to flight deck , 14 C.F.R .
see faa [rules] , admission to flight deck , 14 c.f.r .

In accordance with FAA regulations , United 93 's cockpit voice recorder recorded the last 31 minutes of sounds from the cockpit via microphones in the pilots ' headsets , as well as in the overhead panel of the flight deck .
in accordance with faa [rules] , united 93 's cockpit voice recorder recorded the last 31 minutes of sounds from the cockpit via microphones in the pilots ' headsets , as well as in the overhead panel of the flight deck .

See FBI report , `` CVR from UA Flight # 93 , '' Dec. 4 , 2003 ; see also FAA regulations , 14 C.F.R .
see fbi report , `` cvr from ua flight # 93 , '' dec. 4 , 2003 ; see also faa [rules] , 14 c.f.r .

FAA regulations , AirTraffic Control transponder and altitude reporting equipment and use , 14 CFR � 91.215 ( 2001 ) .
faa [rules] , airtraffic control transponder and altitude reporting equipment and use , 14 cfr � 91.215 ( 2001 ) .

See FAA regulations , Hijacked Aircraft , Order 7110.65M , para.10-2-6 ( 2001 ) ; David Bottiglia interview ( Oct. 1 , 2003 ) ; FAA report , `` Crisis Management Handbook for Significant Events , '' Feb. 15 , 2000 .
see faa [rules] , hijacked aircraft , order 7110.65m , para.10-2-6 ( 2001 ) ; david bottiglia interview ( oct. 1 , 2003 ) ; faa report , `` crisis management handbook for significant events , '' feb. 15 , 2000 .

FAA regulations , Special Military Operations , Requests for Service , Order 7610.4J , paras .
faa [rules] , special military operations , requests for service , order 7610.4j , paras .

Ralph Eberhart interview ( Mar.1 , 2004 ) ; Alan Scott interview ( Feb.4 , 2004 ) ; Robert Marr interview ( Jan. 23 , 2004 ) ; FAA regulations , Position Reports within NORAD Radar Coverage , Order 7610.4J , para .
ralph eberhart interview ( mar.1 , 2004 ) ; alan scott interview ( feb.4 , 2004 ) ; robert marr interview ( jan. 23 , 2004 ) ; faa [rules] , position reports within norad radar coverage , order 7610.4j , para .

FAA regulations , Air/Ground Communications Security , Order 7610.4J , para .
faa [rules] , air/ground communications security , order 7610.4j , para .

The United States has been less successful in persuading other countries to adopt financial regulations that would permit the tracing of financial transactions .
the united states has been less successful in persuading other countries to adopt financial [rules] that would permit the tracing of financial transactions .

The act is written into the FDA portion of the Code of Federal Regulations as follows : “ The Food and Drug Administration will make the fullest possible disclosure of records to the public , consistent with the rights of individuals to privacy , the property rights of persons in trade secrets and confidential commercial or financial information ” [ 12 ] .
the act is written into the fda portion of the code of federal [rules] as follows : “ the food and drug administration will make the fullest possible disclosure of records to the public , consistent with the rights of individuals to privacy , the property rights of persons in trade secrets and confidential commercial or financial information ” [ 12 ] .

In reviewing the research , the review board was guided by the relevant provisions of Title 45 of the US Code of Federal Regulations [ 21 ] , and complied with the Declaration of Helsinki , as revised in 2000 [ 22 ] .
in reviewing the research , the review board was guided by the relevant provisions of title 45 of the us code of federal [rules] [ 21 ] , and complied with the declaration of helsinki , as revised in 2000 [ 22 ] .

According to the rules , “ every doctor or dentist must be his brother 's keeper , with regard to the observance and indeed the enforcement of the rules and regulations which guide the profession .
according to the rules , “ every doctor or dentist must be his brother 's keeper , with regard to the observance and indeed the enforcement of the rules and [rules] which guide the profession .

Siegel works with the Convention for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources ( CCAMLR ) to develop sustainable fishing regulations .
siegel works with the convention for the conservation of antarctic marine living resources ( ccamlr ) to develop sustainable fishing [rules] .

The Bioethics Council was appointed by the President to “ monitor stem-cell research , to recommend appropriate guidelines and regulations , and to consider all of the medical and ethical ramifications of biomedical innovation… .
the bioethics council was appointed by the president to “ monitor stem-cell research , to recommend appropriate guidelines and [rules] , and to consider all of the medical and ethical ramifications of biomedical innovation… .

Benshoshan then reveals why on-air talk-show appearances on ‘ top-tier media venues ’ like The Rosie Show can be better forums for celebrities than straight advertisements , which are governed by regulations .
benshoshan then reveals why on-air talk-show appearances on ‘ top-tier media venues ’ like the rosie show can be better forums for celebrities than straight advertisements , which are governed by [rules] .

However , a less distorted scientific record about healthcare products is meaningless without regulations on how important science is communicated to the public .
however , a less distorted scientific record about healthcare products is meaningless without [rules] on how important science is communicated to the public .

She notes that “ bioethicists are often viewed as the ethics police , ” but she does n't see regulations as the right path to shape the future uses of fMRI .
she notes that “ bioethicists are often viewed as the ethics police , ” but she does n't see [rules] as the right path to shape the future uses of fmri .

Nevertheless , regulations consistently focused more on defining the metes and bounds of the permissible than on prescriptive mandates , and their implementation was effected largely through the mechanism of “ assurances ” —commitments that institutions would faithfully safeguard the specified perimeters of acceptable conduct .
nevertheless , [rules] consistently focused more on defining the metes and bounds of the permissible than on prescriptive mandates , and their implementation was effected largely through the mechanism of “ assurances ” —commitments that institutions would faithfully safeguard the specified perimeters of acceptable conduct .

In a science-based business , ideas must flow freely between scientists and non-scientists in and out of the company—between researchers and marketers , say , or inventors and patent lawyers—to capitalize on discoveries and comply with regulations .
in a science-based business , ideas must flow freely between scientists and non-scientists in and out of the company—between researchers and marketers , say , or inventors and patent lawyers—to capitalize on discoveries and comply with [rules] .

Under current regulations , manufacturers of commercial chemicals ( excluding pesticides ) are not required to supply any toxicity data before selling their products .
under current [rules] , manufacturers of commercial chemicals ( excluding pesticides ) are not required to supply any toxicity data before selling their products .

For new pesticides intended for use on food crops—one of the areas in which regulations are most stringent—regulations require only that DNT testing be evaluated for substances already known or suspected of being toxins .
for new pesticides intended for use on food crops—one of the areas in which [rules] are most stringent—regulations require only that dnt testing be evaluated for substances already known or suspected of being toxins .

The pharmaceutical industry used similar objections to ward off regulations before the thalidomide epidemic ushered in requirements for pharmaceutical agents to undergo extensive premarket testing in clinical trials [ 80 ] .
the pharmaceutical industry used similar objections to ward off [rules] before the thalidomide epidemic ushered in requirements for pharmaceutical agents to undergo extensive premarket testing in clinical trials [ 80 ] .

Using observational studies to disentangle the adverse consequences of a single toxin from other environmental influences and to promulgate regulations is a difficult and painfully slow process .
using observational studies to disentangle the adverse consequences of a single toxin from other environmental influences and to promulgate [rules] is a difficult and painfully slow process .

There is also a financial disincentive for chemical registrants to voluntarily fund such studies because a positive epidemiological study could lead to stricter regulations .
there is also a financial disincentive for chemical registrants to voluntarily fund such studies because a positive epidemiological study could lead to stricter [rules] .

Under our current system , efforts to enhance regulations to protect children from confirmed toxins are costly and protracted .
under our current system , efforts to enhance [rules] to protect children from confirmed toxins are costly and protracted .

If implemented , these testing requirements would represent a dramatic departure from existing regulations , while providing a powerful incentive for industry to develop less toxic chemicals .
if implemented , these testing requirements would represent a dramatic departure from existing [rules] , while providing a powerful incentive for industry to develop less toxic chemicals .

Conclusion In contrast with the EU 's proposed REACH program , which would require industry to conduct more tests or analyses to demonstrate that high-production chemicals will not cause harm to fetuses or children , the Bush administration has argued—in unison with the American Chemistry Council—that such regulations would harm industry [ 83,84 ] .
conclusion in contrast with the eu 's proposed reach program , which would require industry to conduct more tests or analyses to demonstrate that high-production chemicals will not cause harm to fetuses or children , the bush administration has argued—in unison with the american chemistry council—that such [rules] would harm industry [ 83,84 ] .

It is time to acknowledge that the existing requirements for toxicity testing and regulations are inadequate to safeguard pregnant women and children .
it is time to acknowledge that the existing requirements for toxicity testing and [rules] are inadequate to safeguard pregnant women and children .

There would be no more wood , therefore no woodpeckers , therefore no annoying government regulations limiting his property rights just to protect a bird .
there would be no more wood , therefore no woodpeckers , therefore no annoying government [rules] limiting his property rights just to protect a bird .

This is to give the initiates an opportunity of acquainting themselves with all necessary rules and regulations governing social relationship between men and women .
this is to give the initiates an opportunity of acquainting themselves with all necessary rules and [rules] governing social relationship between men and women .

From what you might call the internationalist anti-WTO perspective , though , there 's a real paradox here , since the WTO is simultaneously excoriated for being a kind of supranational government smashing down local regulations and excoriated for not being enough of a supranational government to create global living and working standards .
from what you might call the internationalist anti-wto perspective , though , there 's a real paradox here , since the wto is simultaneously excoriated for being a kind of supranational government smashing down local [rules] and excoriated for not being enough of a supranational government to create global living and working standards .

It 's a mistake for these countries to argue that having minimum-wage laws or regulations keeping corporations from running toxic dumps will wreck their chances of competing in the world market , just like it 's a mistake for small businesses to argue that having a minimum-wage law in the United States does irreparable harm to them .
it 's a mistake for these countries to argue that having minimum-wage laws or [rules] keeping corporations from running toxic dumps will wreck their chances of competing in the world market , just like it 's a mistake for small businesses to argue that having a minimum-wage law in the united states does irreparable harm to them .

Clinton 's Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , which proposed the regulations implementing the new food-stamp bonuses , says they will promote the goal of `` ending the dependence of needy parents on government benefits . ''
clinton 's department of health and human services ( hhs ) , which proposed the [rules] implementing the new food-stamp bonuses , says they will promote the goal of `` ending the dependence of needy parents on government benefits . ''

To qualify for a bonus under his new regulations , states would be required not just to make it easy for families who leave welfare ( TANF ) to keep getting food stamps , but to actively `` encourage food stamp applications even if the TANF application halts . ''
to qualify for a bonus under his new [rules] , states would be required not just to make it easy for families who leave welfare ( tanf ) to keep getting food stamps , but to actively `` encourage food stamp applications even if the tanf application halts . ''

Then you hear a `` public-service announcement '' of the sort the new HHS regulations encourage .
then you hear a `` public-service announcement '' of the sort the new hhs [rules] encourage .

According to the Journal , under newly loosened export regulations , China has procured nearly 300 high-speed computers , some of which have `` ended up in the wrong hands . ''
according to the journal , under newly loosened export [rules] , china has procured nearly 300 high-speed computers , some of which have `` ended up in the wrong hands . ''

The LAT usefully reminds the reader of a list of items that long ago fell off the budget bandwagon : a tax cut , new tobacco regulations , a bill of rights for managed care patients , and campaign finance reform .
the lat usefully reminds the reader of a list of items that long ago fell off the budget bandwagon : a tax cut , new tobacco [rules] , a bill of rights for managed care patients , and campaign finance reform .

Says the WSJ , profit is the principal factor -- plus which , unlike other industrialized countries , the U.S. has few drug price regulations in place .
says the wsj , profit is the principal factor -- plus which , unlike other industrialized countries , the u.s. has few drug price [rules] in place .

USAT explains that new Health and Human services regulations coming out this week would make it clear that hospitals can not delay care while awaiting coverage approval from a patient 's insurance company .
usat explains that new health and human services [rules] coming out this week would make it clear that hospitals can not delay care while awaiting coverage approval from a patient 's insurance company .

We have national standardized tests , national teachers ' unions , national textbook publishers , and national laws , regulations , and funding programs for schools . ''
we have national standardized tests , national teachers ' unions , national textbook publishers , and national laws , [rules] , and funding programs for schools . ''

In his `` family '' discussion , he challenged Congress to raise the minimum wage , support HMO regulations , finance studies on arthritis ( because `` America 's families deserve the world 's best medical care '' ) , and help public hospitals treat `` working families who do n't have any insurance . ''
in his `` family '' discussion , he challenged congress to raise the minimum wage , support hmo [rules] , finance studies on arthritis ( because `` america 's families deserve the world 's best medical care '' ) , and help public hospitals treat `` working families who do n't have any insurance . ''

For the sake of vampires themselves we need a few simple regulations .
for the sake of vampires themselves we need a few simple [rules] .

That aside , the rapier is better than the bludgeon -- unless , of course , you are a Los Angeles policeman hamstrung by goody-goody regulations made by a bunch of stupid , corrupt , persistently naive politicians who wo n't let a guy serve and protect .
that aside , the rapier is better than the bludgeon -- unless , of course , you are a los angeles policeman hamstrung by goody-goody [rules] made by a bunch of stupid , corrupt , persistently naive politicians who wo n't let a guy serve and protect .

Straws in the wind : To the mystification of beach-goers , the U.S. government is proposing regulations to protect sharks from depletion by fishermen .
straws in the wind : to the mystification of beach-goers , the u.s. government is proposing [rules] to protect sharks from depletion by fishermen .

In addition , the deity has a funny habit of prescribing more rules and regulations than even liberal Democrats do , thus distracting religious regimes with random rituals and requirements .
in addition , the deity has a funny habit of prescribing more rules and [rules] than even liberal democrats do , thus distracting religious regimes with random rituals and requirements .

International movements of capital were sharply limited , partly by government regulations , partly by the memory of defaults and expropriations in the '30s .
international movements of capital were sharply limited , partly by government [rules] , partly by the memory of defaults and expropriations in the '30s .

If you click the link to join Browne 's exploratory committee , you get a form that begins , `` Due to the complexity of FEC regulations , we are unable to accept on-line donations at this time . ''
if you click the link to join browne 's exploratory committee , you get a form that begins , `` due to the complexity of fec [rules] , we are unable to accept on-line donations at this time . ''

According to federal regulations , beginning 45 days before a primary , any radio station that carries a prepared audio message from a presidential candidate is required to give equal time to any other candidate who requests it .
according to federal [rules] , beginning 45 days before a primary , any radio station that carries a prepared audio message from a presidential candidate is required to give equal time to any other candidate who requests it .

The budget office intends to publish its final regulations by Sept. 30 .
the budget office intends to publish its final [rules] by sept. 30 .

The Times focused its story on the alleged unfairness of Bush 's `` quick '' admission but concedes that `` there is no evidence of illegality or regulations broken to accommodate Bush 's entry and rise in the service . ''
the times focused its story on the alleged unfairness of bush 's `` quick '' admission but concedes that `` there is no evidence of illegality or [rules] broken to accommodate bush 's entry and rise in the service . ''

Two additional provisions would look at proposals to stem the growth of unauthorized Web sites that purport to belong to a candidate and would require periodic review of regulations to judge their impact on the use of the Internet to spread political activity .
two additional provisions would look at proposals to stem the growth of unauthorized web sites that purport to belong to a candidate and would require periodic review of [rules] to judge their impact on the use of the internet to spread political activity .

Among the questions on the docket : how the Internet fits with current regulations regarding political action committees , corporations , unions , and individuals who want to express advocacy of a candidate or an issue online .
among the questions on the docket : how the internet fits with current [rules] regarding political action committees , corporations , unions , and individuals who want to express advocacy of a candidate or an issue online .

However , the Times found `` no evidence of illegality or regulations broken to accommodate Bush 's entry . ''
however , the times found `` no evidence of illegality or [rules] broken to accommodate bush 's entry . ''

Most reports noted that although strict building codes have been in effect in Istanbul since the 1940s , the regulations are often ignored .
most reports noted that although strict building codes have been in effect in istanbul since the 1940s , the [rules] are often ignored .

The regulations in force are maintained and strengthened because distributors , wholesalers , and large wineries benefit from them , and they are organized and politically powerful .
the [rules] in force are maintained and strengthened because distributors , wholesalers , and large wineries benefit from them , and they are organized and politically powerful .

The unnamed whistle-blowers included evidence in their letter of compliance failures , falsified safety and inspection records , intimidation of workers , and persistent violations of procedures and government regulations , the Guardian reported .
the unnamed whistle-blowers included evidence in their letter of compliance failures , falsified safety and inspection records , intimidation of workers , and persistent violations of procedures and government [rules] , the guardian reported .

A piece hints that China lost the massive technological advantage it held in 1000 because its mandarin bureaucrats imposed too many regulations .
a piece hints that china lost the massive technological advantage it held in 1000 because its mandarin bureaucrats imposed too many [rules] .

How should that money be used -- on more informal arrangements or on more day-care centers , on stiffer regulations or on other financial incentives to improve quality ?
how should that money be used -- on more informal arrangements or on more day-care centers , on stiffer [rules] or on other financial incentives to improve quality ?

The WP tarnishes McCain 's reformer star a bit with a companion piece ( based on a Common Cause investigation ) to the Senate vote lead reporting that earlier this year McCain 's Commerce committee backed off tough new regulations protecting airline passengers in favor of a much weaker bill after airline soft money flowed into Senate GOP coffers .
the wp tarnishes mccain 's reformer star a bit with a companion piece ( based on a common cause investigation ) to the senate vote lead reporting that earlier this year mccain 's commerce committee backed off tough new [rules] protecting airline passengers in favor of a much weaker bill after airline soft money flowed into senate gop coffers .

Last year he attacked taxi drivers with fines for speeding -- frankly , any cabby who can speed in these choked streets gets an extra tip from yours truly -- and an array of nuisance regulations designed to make their lives impossible .
last year he attacked taxi drivers with fines for speeding -- frankly , any cabby who can speed in these choked streets gets an extra tip from yours truly -- and an array of nuisance [rules] designed to make their lives impossible .

USA Today leads with the government 's announcement of new regulations for transplant organ allocation , to take effect in 30 days .
usa today leads with the government 's announcement of new [rules] for transplant organ allocation , to take effect in 30 days .

Government will then rear its ugly head , issue regulations , and the beach will be calmer but more regimented .
government will then rear its ugly head , issue [rules] , and the beach will be calmer but more regimented .

Let 's start with a simple , central factual error in the first substantive paragraph about Alexis : `` After she left the Labor Department , she set up a firm to advise companies on how to comply with those [ affirmative-action ] regulations . ''
let 's start with a simple , central factual error in the first substantive paragraph about alexis : `` after she left the labor department , she set up a firm to advise companies on how to comply with those [ affirmative-action ] [rules] . ''

The FDA 's regulations do not make it harder for adults to buy cigarettes .
the fda 's [rules] do not make it harder for adults to buy cigarettes .

The advertising regulations may make it harder for a new product to enter the market , or to boost brand-switching .
the advertising [rules] may make it harder for a new product to enter the market , or to boost brand-switching .

I 'm weary of the perennial bad excuse for cameras , censorship , and regulations : It 's for your own protection and safety .
i 'm weary of the perennial bad excuse for cameras , censorship , and [rules] : it 's for your own protection and safety .

The free-market evolutionary approach may not be perfect , but it is counterintuitive to assume , as Volokh apparently does , that saddling the system with CDA-derived regulations could make it more effective or efficient .
the free-market evolutionary approach may not be perfect , but it is counterintuitive to assume , as volokh apparently does , that saddling the system with cda-derived [rules] could make it more effective or efficient .

The industry and Las Vegas ' pro-gambling media quaked in anticipation of the onerous regulations and taxes the commission might recommend .
the industry and las vegas ' pro-gambling media quaked in anticipation of the onerous [rules] and taxes the commission might recommend .

After all , regulations failed to control Medicare 's costs adequately .
after all , [rules] failed to control medicare 's costs adequately .

George Pataki , relented in exchange for a compromise plan that will gradually raise rents by regulating the existing regulations .
george pataki , relented in exchange for a compromise plan that will gradually raise rents by regulating the existing [rules] .

Launderers often deposit proceeds piece by piece or export the money to countries with relaxed banking regulations .
launderers often deposit proceeds piece by piece or export the money to countries with relaxed banking [rules] .

He sets up a lending company in a country with few financial regulations .
he sets up a lending company in a country with few financial [rules] .

FCC regulations may require the new Viacom to sell a few of its TV stations -- because there 's a rule saying one company ca n't own stations that serve more than 35 percent of the United States -- and to either spin off or fold in the still-struggling UPN .
fcc [rules] may require the new viacom to sell a few of its tv stations -- because there 's a rule saying one company ca n't own stations that serve more than 35 percent of the united states -- and to either spin off or fold in the still-struggling upn .

Local TV stations are similarly boring , but while they are not the cash cows they once were , they 're still very profitable , and Karmazin has agitated ( successfully ) for a relaxation of federal regulations to allow CBS to own more than one station in a given market .
local tv stations are similarly boring , but while they are not the cash cows they once were , they 're still very profitable , and karmazin has agitated ( successfully ) for a relaxation of federal [rules] to allow cbs to own more than one station in a given market .

States will also be freed from the hodgepodge of regulations that currently cause gaps in coverage as mothers move among home , training , and work .
states will also be freed from the hodgepodge of [rules] that currently cause gaps in coverage as mothers move among home , training , and work .

The Labor Department two years ago prohibited states from using money for this purpose , but new regulations may be on their way .
the labor department two years ago prohibited states from using money for this purpose , but new [rules] may be on their way .

In fact the contribution would often be unknown if it were n't for federal reporting regulations .
in fact the contribution would often be unknown if it were n't for federal reporting [rules] .

The federal government , as is so often the case , makes the task even harder with unnecessary , job-destroying regulations .
the federal government , as is so often the case , makes the task even harder with unnecessary , job-destroying [rules] .

Many of these regulations have come under withering scrutiny in recent years by right-wing think tanks , conservative editorial pages , and Republican members of Congress .
many of these [rules] have come under withering scrutiny in recent years by right-wing think tanks , conservative editorial pages , and republican members of congress .

If that were true , the crazy amount of entitlements , handouts , and obscene regulations on business would n't exist .
if that were true , the crazy amount of entitlements , handouts , and obscene [rules] on business would n't exist .

Despite regulations that punish employers who knowingly employ them , pressure from business groups like the National Federation of Independent Business and the National Restaurant Association scuttled an attempt to include computer verification of employee eligibility in the 1996 immigration bill .
despite [rules] that punish employers who knowingly employ them , pressure from business groups like the national federation of independent business and the national restaurant association scuttled an attempt to include computer verification of employee eligibility in the 1996 immigration bill .

Asahi Shimbun also reported that the Japanese National Personnel Authority is drawing up regulations to try to stamp out sexual harassment based on a new report defining what kind of behavior is `` inappropriate . ''
asahi shimbun also reported that the japanese national personnel authority is drawing up [rules] to try to stamp out sexual harassment based on a new report defining what kind of behavior is `` inappropriate . ''

The New York Times leads with the imminent return -- under very tight regulations -- of the approved use of thalidomide .
the new york times leads with the imminent return -- under very tight [rules] -- of the approved use of thalidomide .

USAT states that the Clinton letter was one of several moves `` trying to deflect attention from the president 's own fund-raising role in the 1996 election , '' and quotes bill opponent Sen. Mitch McConnell as saying , `` President Clinton calling for campaign-finance reform is like Bonnie and Clyde calling for bank regulations . ''
usat states that the clinton letter was one of several moves `` trying to deflect attention from the president 's own fund-raising role in the 1996 election , '' and quotes bill opponent sen. mitch mcconnell as saying , `` president clinton calling for campaign-finance reform is like bonnie and clyde calling for bank [rules] . ''

According to the piece , many sorts of this type of therapy -- for say , getting taller , thinner , stronger , tanner or unbald -- could be practicable within just a few years , yet no regulations govern them , and the NIH and FDA only recently discussed them for the first time .
according to the piece , many sorts of this type of therapy -- for say , getting taller , thinner , stronger , tanner or unbald -- could be practicable within just a few years , yet no [rules] govern them , and the nih and fda only recently discussed them for the first time .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the California governor 's signing into law a patient-oriented rewrite of the state 's HMO regulations , one that could serve as a stimulant to similar managed care reform around the country ( Texas , the story points out , already has similar laws ) .
the los angeles times leads with the california governor 's signing into law a patient-oriented rewrite of the state 's hmo [rules] , one that could serve as a stimulant to similar managed care reform around the country ( texas , the story points out , already has similar laws ) .

Only the corporation can seemingly solve it , since the problem evidently thrives on the democratic turf , and not within the Disney World campus ( whose Kremlinesque government , dominated by Disney 's apparatchik , levies its own taxes and polices its own zoning and safety regulations under Florida law ) nor in Celebration .
only the corporation can seemingly solve it , since the problem evidently thrives on the democratic turf , and not within the disney world campus ( whose kremlinesque government , dominated by disney 's apparatchik , levies its own taxes and polices its own zoning and safety [rules] under florida law ) nor in celebration .

One source claims that Dole actually combed through Bush 's list of donors for contact names ( a violation of FEC regulations ) .
one source claims that dole actually combed through bush 's list of donors for contact names ( a violation of fec [rules] ) .

Even after Sen. John McCain , R-Ariz. , proposed increasing the payout to $ 506 billion and adding new regulations to the bill , the anti-tobacconists still complained .
even after sen. john mccain , r-ariz. , proposed increasing the payout to $ 506 billion and adding new [rules] to the bill , the anti-tobacconists still complained .

Responding to public pressure , the Federal Trade Commission banned cigarette advertising on radio and television in 1970 , and established tough regulations on `` truth in advertising '' shortly thereafter .
responding to public pressure , the federal trade commission banned cigarette advertising on radio and television in 1970 , and established tough [rules] on `` truth in advertising '' shortly thereafter .

Hawaii has some of the nation 's strictest firearm regulations .
hawaii has some of the nation 's strictest firearm [rules] .

To sell his hero credentials , McCain aired a commercial filmed in Arlington National Cemetery , in violation of federal regulations forbidding partisan activities at the site .
to sell his hero credentials , mccain aired a commercial filmed in arlington national cemetery , in violation of federal [rules] forbidding partisan activities at the site .

The `` TRB '' column offers this campaign-finance scoop : Clinton will soon ask the Federal Election Commission to pass regulations restricting `` soft money , '' accomplishing by executive action what Hill Republicans refuse to do legislatively .
the `` trb '' column offers this campaign-finance scoop : clinton will soon ask the federal election commission to pass [rules] restricting `` soft money , '' accomplishing by executive action what hill republicans refuse to do legislatively .

He 's also supervising U.N. reforms and environmental regulations that will cripple U.S. sovereignty , warns the article .
he 's also supervising u.n. reforms and environmental [rules] that will cripple u.s. sovereignty , warns the article .

Lots more federal funding for the National Park Service and stricter regulations for development on park perimeters .
lots more federal funding for the national park service and stricter [rules] for development on park perimeters .

Witness the WP , which reports that Andie MacDowell is meeting with Reps. Dick Gephardt and John Dingell to lobby for more stringent oil pipeline regulations for western Montana , where she happens to own a home .
witness the wp , which reports that andie macdowell is meeting with reps. dick gephardt and john dingell to lobby for more stringent oil pipeline [rules] for western montana , where she happens to own a home .

The Times also notes that the bill raises several partisan side issues that could lead to a confrontation with the White House , namely , proposals to delay new clean air regulations , scale back affirmative action hiring on highway projects , and lower wage levels for transportation project workers .
the times also notes that the bill raises several partisan side issues that could lead to a confrontation with the white house , namely , proposals to delay new clean air [rules] , scale back affirmative action hiring on highway projects , and lower wage levels for transportation project workers .

True , they tend to oppose detailed regulations that tell people exactly how they must reduce pollution , preferring schemes that provide a financial incentive to pollute less but leave the details up to the private sector .
true , they tend to oppose detailed [rules] that tell people exactly how they must reduce pollution , preferring schemes that provide a financial incentive to pollute less but leave the details up to the private sector .

For more than a decade its members have sought salvation in the idea of Europe -- that is , a unified European economy ( under French leadership , of course ) , with common regulations and a common currency .
for more than a decade its members have sought salvation in the idea of europe -- that is , a unified european economy ( under french leadership , of course ) , with common [rules] and a common currency .

In response to the Great Depression , the United States and just about everyone else imposed elaborate regulations on their banking systems .
in response to the great depression , the united states and just about everyone else imposed elaborate [rules] on their banking systems .

While the regulations may have made banks fat and sluggish , it also made them safe .
while the [rules] may have made banks fat and sluggish , it also made them safe .

Until this year , after all , nearly all European countries had regulations requiring pension funds to invest most of their assets in companies based in their own countries .
until this year , after all , nearly all european countries had [rules] requiring pension funds to invest most of their assets in companies based in their own countries .

Of the $ 40 million Al Gore 's campaign will raise this year , $ 4 million -- or roughly 10 percent -- will go toward `` the legal and accounting costs of meeting federal campaign finance regulations , '' the New York Times estimates .
of the $ 40 million al gore 's campaign will raise this year , $ 4 million -- or roughly 10 percent -- will go toward `` the legal and accounting costs of meeting federal campaign finance [rules] , '' the new york times estimates .

To show how little sense regulations make , he proposes a thought experiment .
to show how little sense [rules] make , he proposes a thought experiment .

These regulations exist for the benefit of those who live downstream from the factory and the children who would otherwise be working inside it .
these [rules] exist for the benefit of those who live downstream from the factory and the children who would otherwise be working inside it .

Holmes , Brandeis , and their disciples consistently supported state intervention in economic affairs -- the passage of health and safety regulations , the protection of unions , the imposition of taxes , and so on .
holmes , brandeis , and their disciples consistently supported state intervention in economic affairs -- the passage of health and safety [rules] , the protection of unions , the imposition of taxes , and so on .

He justifiably laments the virtual disregard of statutory interpretation in law-school curricula , where the hoary common-law case-study method still predominates despite the fact that most law nowadays takes the form of statutes and regulations .
he justifiably laments the virtual disregard of statutory interpretation in law-school curricula , where the hoary common-law case-study method still predominates despite the fact that most law nowadays takes the form of statutes and [rules] .

The NYT notes that the Montreal talks were focused on reducing biotechnology 's impact on the environment , and did n't address 1 ) potential risks to human health caused by biotechnology products 2 ) regulations on human pharmaceuticals .
the nyt notes that the montreal talks were focused on reducing biotechnology 's impact on the environment , and did n't address 1 ) potential risks to human health caused by biotechnology products 2 ) [rules] on human pharmaceuticals .

The raise in prices are a result of last March 's OPEC production cut , and diminished domestic stockpiles of heating oil , brought about by milder winters and stricter regulations on storage facilities .
the raise in prices are a result of last march 's opec production cut , and diminished domestic stockpiles of heating oil , brought about by milder winters and stricter [rules] on storage facilities .

I 'm not arguing about the values you should have ; I 'm trying to point to a newly salient threat to whatever values you might have -- the regulations of code .
i 'm not arguing about the values you should have ; i 'm trying to point to a newly salient threat to whatever values you might have -- the [rules] of code .

As a member of the university community , I have worked over the years in setting out the guidelines to deal with conflicts-of-interest regulations that allow most people to participate in both .
as a member of the university community , i have worked over the years in setting out the guidelines to deal with conflicts-of-interest [rules] that allow most people to participate in both .

The Washington Post leads with the Labor Department 's definitive position on the issue of what sort of home work activities must comply with federal workplace health and safety regulations , a position taken after the Labor Department first said all such activities were covered and then later said in effect , never mind .
the washington post leads with the labor department 's definitive position on the issue of what sort of home work activities must comply with federal workplace health and safety [rules] , a position taken after the labor department first said all such activities were covered and then later said in effect , never mind .

I see the Labor Department took back the OSHA regulations about safety standards at home .
i see the labor department took back the osha [rules] about safety standards at home .

The confusion shows that telecommuting has changed the workplace so that traditional rules and regulations may no longer apply -- or perhaps no one 's sure how to apply them .
the confusion shows that telecommuting has changed the workplace so that traditional rules and [rules] may no longer apply -- or perhaps no one 's sure how to apply them .

Just last year economist called the East Asian economies `` highly market oriented , with a long period of relatively free trade ... and limited distortions from government regulations , '' while arguing that most East Asian countries did not rely on industrial policy at all .
just last year economist called the east asian economies `` highly market oriented , with a long period of relatively free trade ... and limited distortions from government [rules] , '' while arguing that most east asian countries did not rely on industrial policy at all .

As a result , until the long-promised overhaul of Japan 's financial sector is complete and its web of subsidies and regulations is simplified , it 's hard to see the country getting the dose of creative destruction it sorely needs .
as a result , until the long-promised overhaul of japan 's financial sector is complete and its web of subsidies and [rules] is simplified , it 's hard to see the country getting the dose of creative destruction it sorely needs .

Besides explaining why competition and consumer ire are n't slowing the managed-care juggernaut , these findings also suggest that tougher regulations are unlikely to make insurers serve patients better .
besides explaining why competition and consumer ire are n't slowing the managed-care juggernaut , these findings also suggest that tougher [rules] are unlikely to make insurers serve patients better .

Food irradiators do produce radioactive waste that must be stored under nuclear regulatory guidelines , but the current regulations governing hospitals and sterilization companies seem to work , and the amount of radwaste generated is far too small to cause Three Mile Island-like effects .
food irradiators do produce radioactive waste that must be stored under nuclear regulatory guidelines , but the current [rules] governing hospitals and sterilization companies seem to work , and the amount of radwaste generated is far too small to cause three mile island-like effects .

It faces opposition in the Senate because of changes to dairy protections and satellite TV regulations .
it faces opposition in the senate because of changes to dairy protections and satellite tv [rules] .

By this logic , because the WTO does n't include labor and environmental regulations in its trade rules ( thereby undermining such regulations in many countries , according to the protesters ) , the WTO should be suspended .
by this logic , because the wto does n't include labor and environmental [rules] in its trade rules ( thereby undermining such [rules] in many countries , according to the protesters ) , the wto should be suspended .

The Labor Department proposed new workplace ergonomic regulations .
the labor department proposed new workplace ergonomic [rules] .

The regulations focus on repetitive-motion injuries and require employers to : 1 ) identify and inform employees of musculoskeletal risks ; 2 ) eliminate hazards after a single incident ; and 3 ) pay injured employees ' wages and benefits during recuperation .
the [rules] focus on repetitive-motion injuries and require employers to : 1 ) identify and inform employees of musculoskeletal risks ; 2 ) eliminate hazards after a single incident ; and 3 ) pay injured employees ' wages and benefits during recuperation .

Business ' spin : The costly regulations are excessive .
business ' spin : the costly [rules] are excessive .

Such intervention could stop the growth of that sector , it said : `` In other words , even well-meaning regulations designed to protect consumers could prove counterproductive . ''
such intervention could stop the growth of that sector , it said : `` in other words , even well-meaning [rules] designed to protect consumers could prove counterproductive . ''

There is n't even a Dostoevskian Grand Inquisitor to tell us why humans need so many rules and regulations to keep from following their animal natures into despair and anarchy .
there is n't even a dostoevskian grand inquisitor to tell us why humans need so many rules and [rules] to keep from following their animal natures into despair and anarchy .

In such a situation , for example , cutting regulations and increasing competition might make consumers better off -- or it might make them worse off .
in such a situation , for example , cutting [rules] and increasing competition might make consumers better off -- or it might make them worse off .

The great women 's federations of the early 20 th century were champions of local , state , and federal regulations , services , and benefits for mothers and children .
the great women 's federations of the early 20 th century were champions of local , state , and federal [rules] , services , and benefits for mothers and children .

Why does n't it just pass laws or issue regulations instead ?
why does n't it just pass laws or issue [rules] instead ?

The thesis was that the U.S. environment is not declining but improving , and that this demonstrates that federal health and safety regulations really work .
the thesis was that the u.s. environment is not declining but improving , and that this demonstrates that federal health and safety [rules] really work .

The left was using alarmism about nature to raise money , while the right was raising money with alarmism about regulations .
the left was using alarmism about nature to raise money , while the right was raising money with alarmism about [rules] .

The regulations naturally say that the panels should not lower standards simply to boost numbers , but affirmative-action plans often say similar things , and critics usually have little trouble seeing through it .
the [rules] naturally say that the panels should not lower standards simply to boost numbers , but affirmative-action plans often say similar things , and critics usually have little trouble seeing through it .

Please understand that Federal Regulations prohibit FAA personnel , XXXX Airlines , and all other air carriers from sharing specific information regarding this program with the public .
please understand that federal [rules] prohibit faa personnel , xxxx airlines , and all other air carriers from sharing specific information regarding this program with the public .

He touted the television V-chip ; praised the Kennedy-Kassebaum law ( an ultra-therapeutic law that guarantees portability of insurance but places no ceiling on the rates insurers can charge ) ; applauded the ban on `` assault '' rifles ; and bragged about the new FDA regulations that curb the advertising and sale of cigarettes to children .
he touted the television v-chip ; praised the kennedy-kassebaum law ( an ultra-therapeutic law that guarantees portability of insurance but places no ceiling on the rates insurers can charge ) ; applauded the ban on `` assault '' rifles ; and bragged about the new fda [rules] that curb the advertising and sale of cigarettes to children .

Water is also the top local story at the Washington Post -- specifically the Maryland governor 's reaction to the drought there , new regulations that will shut off lawn sprinklers and end unrequested drinking water in restaurants .
water is also the top local story at the washington post -- specifically the maryland governor 's reaction to the drought there , new [rules] that will shut off lawn sprinklers and end unrequested drinking water in restaurants .

The WP front reports on the first day of Maryland 's new drought-driven water-use regulations .
the wp front reports on the first day of maryland 's new drought-driven water-use [rules] .

Most people prefer a morality of ifs and buts , and most real-life laws and regulations are riddled with ifs and buts .
most people prefer a morality of ifs and buts , and most real-life laws and [rules] are riddled with ifs and buts .

There 's a widespread and largely sensible aversion to the mechanistic application of existing campaign-finance regulations to the rapidly evolving medium of the Internet .
there 's a widespread and largely sensible aversion to the mechanistic application of existing campaign-finance [rules] to the rapidly evolving medium of the internet .

The regulations will 1 ) make oil companies reduce the sulfur in gasoline ; and 2 ) require sport utility vehicles and small trucks to meet the same emissions standards as cars .
the [rules] will 1 ) make oil companies reduce the sulfur in gasoline ; and 2 ) require sport utility vehicles and small trucks to meet the same emissions standards as cars .

Novak 's absurdity lies in linking totalitarian programs of extermination to onerous regulations in contemporary Europe and the United States .
novak 's absurdity lies in linking totalitarian programs of extermination to onerous [rules] in contemporary europe and the united states .

The paper led its front page , as did the New York Times , with the inquiry into the U.S. auditing profession following revelations of rampant violations of share ownership regulations by partners in PricewaterhouseCoopers , the world 's biggest accounting firm .
the paper led its front page , as did the new york times , with the inquiry into the u.s. auditing profession following revelations of rampant violations of share ownership [rules] by partners in pricewaterhousecoopers , the world 's biggest accounting firm .

Given modern communications technology , New Yorkers need not physically visit New Jersey to do an end run around the local regulations .
given modern communications technology , new yorkers need not physically visit new jersey to do an end run around the local [rules] .

The trouble is that between technology that makes it easier for markets to run rings around local regulations , and the reluctance of governments to agree on the sort of cross-border enforcement that might let them keep up with that technology , efforts to limit the market .
the trouble is that between technology that makes it easier for markets to run rings around local [rules] , and the reluctance of governments to agree on the sort of cross-border enforcement that might let them keep up with that technology , efforts to limit the market .

More than a quarter of a million furious comments flooded the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. to protest the `` Know Your Customer '' regulations proposed by banking agencies last December .
more than a quarter of a million furious comments flooded the federal deposit insurance corp. to protest the `` know your customer '' [rules] proposed by banking agencies last december .

Taking the hint , the Fed composed the model KYC regulations on its own initiative last fall after two years of research .
taking the hint , the fed composed the model kyc [rules] on its own initiative last fall after two years of research .

The agency insists that it published the KYC in the Federal Register for comment -- which is the way of all new federal regulations -- to accommodate the Fed and to standardize the banking regulations .
the agency insists that it published the kyc in the federal register for comment -- which is the way of all new federal [rules] -- to accommodate the fed and to standardize the banking [rules] .

Ordinarily , new financial regulations generate a few comments from members of the financial community , the odd professor or attorney , and the occasional think tank .
ordinarily , new financial [rules] generate a few comments from members of the financial community , the odd professor or attorney , and the occasional think tank .

Acknowledging that they had lost the KYC battle but won the regulatory war , the sponsoring agencies made this joint statement when they withdrew the KYC regulations at the House 's March hearings : `` Over the past 15 years banking organizations and law enforcement authorities have forged a vital partnership to fight financial crime . ''
acknowledging that they had lost the kyc battle but won the regulatory war , the sponsoring agencies made this joint statement when they withdrew the kyc [rules] at the house 's march hearings : `` over the past 15 years banking organizations and law enforcement authorities have forged a vital partnership to fight financial crime . ''

Thanks to current banking regulations , more than 85 percent of U.S. banks currently maintain KYC programs .
thanks to current banking [rules] , more than 85 percent of u.s. banks currently maintain kyc programs .

In Britain , a long-running controversy over genetically modified ( GM ) crops took on aspects of a constitutional battle after Prince Charles defied Prime Minister Tony Blair by publishing an article Tuesday in the Daily Mail criticizing the regulations governing their production .
in britain , a long-running controversy over genetically modified ( gm ) crops took on aspects of a constitutional battle after prince charles defied prime minister tony blair by publishing an article tuesday in the daily mail criticizing the [rules] governing their production .

Blair has repeatedly insisted that genetically modified foods are safe , but the heir to the throne attacked the lack of independent scientific research and said the regulations were not tough enough .
blair has repeatedly insisted that genetically modified foods are safe , but the heir to the throne attacked the lack of independent scientific research and said the [rules] were not tough enough .

Special circumstances : Thomas ' alleged harassment is deemed especially damning because it occurred while he headed the EEOC and was simultaneously approving regulations for workplace harassment .
special circumstances : thomas ' alleged harassment is deemed especially damning because it occurred while he headed the eeoc and was simultaneously approving [rules] for workplace harassment .

The new law promised to promote competition by repealing government regulations .
the new law promised to promote competition by repealing government [rules] .

The new law deregulates some aspects of the telecom industry while maintaining or even adding new regulations in others .
the new law deregulates some aspects of the telecom industry while maintaining or even adding new [rules] in others .

The Clinton administration imposed additional Hatch-like regulations on itself .
the clinton administration imposed additional hatch-like [rules] on itself .

The rationale is that it is in society 's interest for people to seek advice from lawyers in order to make sense of complicated regulations and laws .
the rationale is that it is in society 's interest for people to seek advice from lawyers in order to make sense of complicated [rules] and laws .

Most state regulations derive from English common law .
most state [rules] derive from english common law .

It does n't have to pay local , state , or federal taxes ; it 's exempt from Occupational Safety and Health Administration laws , zoning regulations , and antitrust accountability ; and it enjoys cheap credit from the U.S. government .
it does n't have to pay local , state , or federal taxes ; it 's exempt from occupational safety and health administration laws , zoning [rules] , and antitrust accountability ; and it enjoys cheap credit from the u.s. government .

Nor is there likely to be any evidence : Big foreign-policy decisions simply are n't susceptible to personal favoritism the way EPA regulations are .
nor is there likely to be any evidence : big foreign-policy decisions simply are n't susceptible to personal favoritism the way epa [rules] are .

-- afraid of spending for the underclass -- a Democratic Congress might find it easier to tinker with regulations to prevent states from cutting welfare recipients off at the end of their supposed time limits .
-- afraid of spending for the underclass -- a democratic congress might find it easier to tinker with [rules] to prevent states from cutting welfare recipients off at the end of their supposed time limits .

Thus new Small Business Administration regulations intended to make it easier for white women to compete for loans .
thus new small business administration [rules] intended to make it easier for white women to compete for loans .

Nor are they ready to mount an assault on environmental and consumer regulations .
nor are they ready to mount an assault on environmental and consumer [rules] .

As head of the Women 's Bureau in the Labor Department during the Carter administration , she helped to write regulations requiring federal contractors to comply with goals and timetables for hiring minorities .
as head of the women 's bureau in the labor department during the carter administration , she helped to write [rules] requiring federal contractors to comply with goals and timetables for hiring minorities .

After she left the Labor Department , she set up a firm to advise companies on how to comply with those regulations .
after she left the labor department , she set up a firm to advise companies on how to comply with those [rules] .

What would happen if rent regulations were really abolished ?
what would happen if rent [rules] were really abolished ?

Because rent regulations say you ca n't evict people when their leases are up ( if they even have leases ) , one obstinate tenement dweller can block the creation of a 50-story high-rise .
because rent [rules] say you ca n't evict people when their leases are up ( if they even have leases ) , one obstinate tenement dweller can block the creation of a 50-story high-rise .

For American carriers , the Nicene Creed of official cabin talk comes in the form of a number of Federal Aviation Administration regulations , such as No .
for american carriers , the nicene creed of official cabin talk comes in the form of a number of federal aviation administration [rules] , such as no .

The regulations are distilled by each airline into detailed scripts which are reviewed by company lawyers and must be approved , finally , by the FAA .
the [rules] are distilled by each airline into detailed scripts which are reviewed by company lawyers and must be approved , finally , by the faa .

Those elements include the use of something called Plain Language in all documents other than official regulations -- for instance , in all letters , forms , notices , and instruction booklets .
those elements include the use of something called plain language in all documents other than official [rules] -- for instance , in all letters , forms , notices , and instruction booklets .

The official regulations themselves -- that is to say , the entire contents of the daily Federal Register -- must come into compliance by Jan. 1 , 1999 .
the official [rules] themselves -- that is to say , the entire contents of the daily federal register -- must come into compliance by jan. 1 , 1999 .

Implementation of the new regulations , it warns , `` must be begun by October 1 , 1998 . ''
implementation of the new [rules] , it warns , `` must be begun by october 1 , 1998 . ''

For its part , the Plain Language Action Network , a government task force charged with promoting the regulations , states on its Web site , `` We are guided by a small steering committee . ''
for its part , the plain language action network , a government task force charged with promoting the [rules] , states on its web site , `` we are guided by a small steering committee . ''

In England , a citizens ' lobby called the Plain English Campaign , led by a former housewife named Chrissie Maher , has sought since 1971 to make English laws and regulations more straightforward .
in england , a citizens ' lobby called the plain english campaign , led by a former housewife named chrissie maher , has sought since 1971 to make english laws and [rules] more straightforward .

The initial mandates apply only to newly drafted documents and regulations -- that is , to materials promulgated on or after Oct. 1 , 1998 , and Jan. 1 , 1999 .
the initial mandates apply only to newly drafted documents and [rules] -- that is , to materials promulgated on or after oct. 1 , 1998 , and jan. 1 , 1999 .

Existing regulations also call for ex post facto attention .
existing [rules] also call for ex post facto attention .

On the front page above the fold , the Post reports that after two years of study , the Clinton Administration has just decided not to call for new taxes or regulations on business conducted over the Internet .
on the front page above the fold , the post reports that after two years of study , the clinton administration has just decided not to call for new taxes or [rules] on business conducted over the internet .

The excesses of sexual-harassment regulations are popular targets for defenders of common sense because feminism remains a target for pundits on the right -- and the concept of harassment remains controversial .
the excesses of sexual-harassment [rules] are popular targets for defenders of common sense because feminism remains a target for pundits on the right -- and the concept of harassment remains controversial .

Kimberly is not challenging the school 's anti-drug regulations .
kimberly is not challenging the school 's anti-drug [rules] .

It seems unlikely , however , that this case will incite the same challenges to zero-tolerance drug policies that were directed toward sexual-harassment regulations after the cases of the kissing 7-year-olds .
it seems unlikely , however , that this case will incite the same challenges to zero-tolerance drug policies that were directed toward sexual-harassment [rules] after the cases of the kissing 7-year-olds .

Meetings are held in secret , and few public-disclosure regulations apply .
meetings are held in secret , and few public-disclosure [rules] apply .

The mostly 6-3 ruling argued that such regulations conflict with the Amendment value of uninhibited communication with voters .
the mostly 6-3 ruling argued that such [rules] conflict with the amendment value of uninhibited communication with voters .

Their battle may be tough , however , since privacy regulations on the Internet remain notoriously nebulous .
their battle may be tough , however , since privacy [rules] on the internet remain notoriously nebulous .

The Clinton Administration has vowed to appeal the decision , and the current FDA regulations will remain in effect until the appeal is resolved .
the clinton administration has vowed to appeal the decision , and the current fda [rules] will remain in effect until the appeal is resolved .

AT & T will exempt low-income customers from the regulations .
at & t will exempt low-income customers from the [rules] .

The story reminds that it 's not just Bill Clinton who ca n't give a simple answer to a simple question -- it quotes a Phillip Morris spokeswoman 's response : `` Since we must comply with local laws and regulations in every country in which we do business , we expect that there has been no improper conduct in the countries that you have referenced . ''
the story reminds that it 's not just bill clinton who ca n't give a simple answer to a simple question -- it quotes a phillip morris spokeswoman 's response : `` since we must comply with local laws and [rules] in every country in which we do business , we expect that there has been no improper conduct in the countries that you have referenced . ''

North 's statement that he “ sought a means of complying with ... Boland ” and his work around remark mean essentially the same , but complying sounds much nicer , conveying the idea of adhering to regulations .
north 's statement that he “ sought a means of complying with ... boland ” and his work around remark mean essentially the same , but complying sounds much nicer , conveying the idea of adhering to [rules] .

One reads about the issuance of government regulations in place of their issue .
one reads about the issuance of government [rules] in place of their issue .

In these regulations , hereby and herewith often crowd out the sufficient here ; in fact , as an honest lawyer will tell you , these words are pro forma and could be omitted entirely .
in these [rules] , hereby and herewith often crowd out the sufficient here ; in fact , as an honest lawyer will tell you , these words are pro forma and could be omitted entirely .

