Hengesbach has been living in Grand Ledge since his house and barn were burned down after his release in 1958 .
hengesbach has been living in grand ledge since his house and barn were burned down after his [free] in 1958 .

A publicity release from Oregon Physicians Service , of which Harvey is president , quoted him as saying the welfare office move to Salem , instead of `` crippling '' the agency , had provided an avenue to correct administrative weaknesses , with the key being improved communications between F & A and the commission staff .
a publicity [free] from oregon physicians service , of which harvey is president , quoted him as saying the welfare office move to salem , instead of `` crippling '' the agency , had provided an avenue to correct administrative weaknesses , with the key being improved communications between f & a and the commission staff .

At 12,000 feet , Fiedler signaled `` release '' , and started the roaring pulse-jet engine -- then streaked away from beneath the Heinkel .
at 12,000 feet , fiedler signaled `` [free] '' , and started the roaring pulse-jet engine -- then streaked away from beneath the heinkel .

There are 12 of these to choose from , all of them of popular music except for the star release , Pass In Review ( SP-44001 ) .
there are 12 of these to choose from , all of them of popular music except for the star [free] , pass in review ( sp-44001 ) .

I have calculated that if I could snap my fingers in one magic gesture to release the power of all the hydrogen in my body , I would explode with the force of a hundred bombs of the kind that fell on Hiroshima .
i have calculated that if i could snap my fingers in one magic gesture to [free] the power of all the hydrogen in my body , i would explode with the force of a hundred bombs of the kind that fell on hiroshima .

The easiest way to describe this release is to say that it reproduces an interesting and effective Steinberg performance with minimal alteration of its musical values .
the easiest way to describe this [free] is to say that it reproduces an interesting and effective steinberg performance with minimal alteration of its musical values .

As with the penultimate Giselle release ( Wolff's abridgment for RCA Victor ) I find the cleaner , less razor-edged monophonic version , for all its lack of big-stage spaciousness , the more aurally tolerable -- but this may be the result of processing defects in my SD copies .
as with the penultimate giselle [free] ( wolff's abridgment for rca victor ) i find the cleaner , less razor-edged monophonic version , for all its lack of big-stage spaciousness , the more aurally tolerable -- but this may be the result of processing defects in my sd copies .

To release clay from mold , place hands in a cupped position around project ; ;
to [free] clay from mold , place hands in a cupped position around project ; ;

gently lift the edge on far side , then continue to release edge completely around mold .
gently lift the edge on far side , then continue to [free] edge completely around mold .

Slight tapping on the underside of mold will help release the clay , but too much agitation will cause the clay to become soft and will interfere with removal of clay from mold .
slight tapping on the underside of mold will help [free] the clay , but too much agitation will cause the clay to become soft and will interfere with removal of clay from mold .

`` The sexual relationship does not exist in a vacuum '' , declares Dr. Mary Steichen Calderone , medical director of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America and author of the recent book , Release From Sexual Tensions .
`` the sexual relationship does not exist in a vacuum '' , declares dr. mary steichen calderone , medical director of the planned parenthood federation of america and author of the recent book , [free] from sexual tensions .

Jazz is sex , marijuana is a stimulus to sex , the beat tempo is adjusted to the orgiastic release of the sexual impulse .
jazz is sex , marijuana is a stimulus to sex , the beat tempo is adjusted to the orgiastic [free] of the sexual impulse .

And Zen Buddhism , though it is extremely difficult to understand how these internal contradictions are reconciled , helps them in their struggle to achieve personal salvation through sexual release .
and zen buddhism , though it is extremely difficult to understand how these internal contradictions are reconciled , helps them in their struggle to achieve personal salvation through sexual [free] .

Instead of giving themselves spontaneously to the orgiastic release that jazz can give them , they undergo psychoanalysis or flirt with mysticism or turn to prostitutes for satisfaction .
instead of giving themselves spontaneously to the orgiastic [free] that jazz can give them , they undergo psychoanalysis or flirt with mysticism or turn to prostitutes for satisfaction .

He will not curb his instinctual desires but release the energy within him that makes him feel truly and fully alive , even if it is only for this brief moment before the apocalypse of annihilation explodes on earth .
he will not curb his instinctual desires but [free] the energy within him that makes him feel truly and fully alive , even if it is only for this brief moment before the apocalypse of annihilation explodes on earth .

The release , the freedom , involved in loving another is either terribly difficult or else absolutely impossible ; ;
the [free] , the freedom , involved in loving another is either terribly difficult or else absolutely impossible ; ;

The group , upon the issuance of its first press release on December 21 , 1957 , designated itself a `` Committee of Investigation '' .
the group , upon the issuance of its first press [free] on december 21 , 1957 , designated itself a `` committee of investigation '' .

Its second press release was on January 15 , 1958 , and it recommended that the secret papers be destroyed .
its second press [free] was on january 15 , 1958 , and it recommended that the secret papers be destroyed .

He claimed that the release of the preliminary findings was ' prejudicial to his position ' '' .
he claimed that the [free] of the preliminary findings was ' prejudicial to his position ' '' .

If art is to release us from these postulated things ( things we must think symbolically about ) and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy , it must sever its connection with these common sense entities '' .
if art is to [free] us from these postulated things ( things we must think symbolically about ) and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy , it must sever its connection with these common sense entities '' .

They were aware that soldiers went to town , in more ways than one , because of the monotony of camp life , to find the only release available in the absence of movies , reading rooms , and playing fields with adequate athletic equipment .
they were aware that soldiers went to town , in more ways than one , because of the monotony of camp life , to find the only [free] available in the absence of movies , reading rooms , and playing fields with adequate athletic equipment .

The only effect of lack of a center would then be to release the hydrogen atoms to occupy general , rather than special , positions along the ( 111 ) axis .
the only effect of lack of a center would then be to [free] the hydrogen atoms to occupy general , rather than special , positions along the ( 111 ) axis .

Since the circulating thyroid hormones are the amino acids thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine ( cf. Section C ) , it is clear that some mechanism must exist in the thyroid gland for their release from proteins before secretion .
since the circulating thyroid hormones are the amino acids thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine ( cf. section c ) , it is clear that some mechanism must exist in the thyroid gland for their [free] from proteins before secretion .

At the present time we do not know by what biochemical mechanism TSH acts on the thyroid , but for bio-assay of the hormone there are a number of properties by which its activity may be estimated , including release of iodine from the thyroid , increase in thyroid weight , increase in mean height of the follicular cells and increase in the thyroidal uptake of Af .
at the present time we do not know by what biochemical mechanism tsh acts on the thyroid , but for bio-assay of the hormone there are a number of properties by which its activity may be estimated , including [free] of iodine from the thyroid , increase in thyroid weight , increase in mean height of the follicular cells and increase in the thyroidal uptake of af .

Of all the possible forms of nonverbal expression , that which seems best to give release , and communicational expression , to complex and undifferentiated feelings is laughter .
of all the possible forms of nonverbal expression , that which seems best to give [free] , and communicational expression , to complex and undifferentiated feelings is laughter .

the death of Emma Hardy in 1912 , which had a profound emotional effect on Hardy for which he found release in poetry ; ;
the death of emma hardy in 1912 , which had a profound emotional effect on hardy for which he found [free] in poetry ; ;

He was aware of insistent inner beatings , as if prisoners within sought release from his rigid body .
he was aware of insistent inner beatings , as if prisoners within sought [free] from his rigid body .

Even as the conviction of truth roared through him , shattering his last hope of safety , he was reaching to release the hand brake , to head up the road for home , doing her bidding .
even as the conviction of truth roared through him , shattering his last hope of safety , he was reaching to [free] the hand brake , to head up the road for home , doing her bidding .

It was to him that Barton had sent Carl Dill on Dill's release from the prison .
it was to him that barton had sent carl dill on dill's [free] from the prison .

It had drawn them together , and since his release from prison Dill had worked tirelessly to effect this night's escape .
it had drawn them together , and since his [free] from prison dill had worked tirelessly to effect this night's escape .

The authorities had to release him .
the authorities had to [free] him .

Was it a hysterical release from the long strain of vigilance of those weeks ? ?
was it a hysterical [free] from the long strain of vigilance of those weeks ? ?

A man had to have his release -- at least that's what the boys used to say in high school -- and I wasn't providing it for Johnnie .
a man had to have his [free] -- at least that's what the boys used to say in high school -- and i wasn't providing it for johnnie .

`` You get your unconditional release as of today '' .
`` you get your unconditional [free] as of today '' .

Phil said : `` I got my release '' .
phil said : `` i got my [free] '' .

Our last joint venture , Sainted Lady , a deeply religious film based on the life of Mother Cabrini , and timed so that its release date would coincide with the beatification of America's first saint in November , 1938 , was a fiasco from start to finish .
our last joint venture , sainted lady , a deeply religious film based on the life of mother cabrini , and timed so that its [free] date would coincide with the beatification of america's first saint in november , 1938 , was a fiasco from start to finish .

In time , these minor manifestations will multiply and effloresce , riddling you with frambesia , the king's evil , sheep rot , and clonic spasm , until your very existence becomes a burden and you cry out for release .
in time , these minor manifestations will multiply and effloresce , riddling you with frambesia , the king's evil , sheep rot , and clonic spasm , until your very existence becomes a burden and you cry out for [free] .

Dennis Lecorriere … may have new material in his solo performance … but the release of Dr Hooks hits 'll mean his audience 'll expect him to perform their favourites .
dennis lecorriere … may have new material in his solo performance … but the [free] of dr hooks hits 'll mean his audience 'll expect him to perform their favourites .

Those animals put down had a merciful release .
those animals put down had a merciful [free] .

The theory is that the prisoners are in harmony with their surroundings and custodians , so they 'll become better citizens on their release .
the theory is that the prisoners are in harmony with their surroundings and custodians , so they 'll become better citizens on their [free] .

We 're carrying on with that as normal and with many other jobs as well ; we 've cut down some of our local training sorties to release aircraft for the main lift , but we 're coping pretty well .
we 're carrying on with that as normal and with many other jobs as well ; we 've cut down some of our local training sorties to [free] aircraft for the main lift , but we 're coping pretty well .

Hanson was let out of Leyhill to give him a chance to get used to life outside prior to release . But women living in nearby Wootton-Under-Edge in Gloucestershire say such prison freedoms put them in fear for their lives
hanson was let out of leyhill to give him a chance to get used to life outside prior to [free] . but women living in nearby wootton-under-edge in gloucestershire say such prison freedoms put them in fear for their lives

She became so tame it was impossible to release her back into the wild .
she became so tame it was impossible to [free] her back into the wild .

In an interview with Central News he says he wants his lawyer to seek a court hearing to apply for bail granting him his release before the Appeal takes place .
in an interview with central news he says he wants his lawyer to seek a court hearing to apply for bail granting him his [free] before the appeal takes place .

Then they 've been taught how to feed them and eventually how to release them .
then they 've been taught how to feed them and eventually how to [free] them .

Back home seven months after his release from prison in Goa , Nicholas Brown is a bitter man , angry about what he sees as a complete lack of help from the British authorities .
back home seven months after his [free] from prison in goa , nicholas brown is a bitter man , angry about what he sees as a complete lack of help from the british authorities .

Two years later the campaign waged by his mother , Marilyn Brown resulted in his release .
two years later the campaign waged by his mother , marilyn brown resulted in his [free] .

Demjanjuk release blocked
demjanjuk [free] blocked

Israel has blocked the release of John Demjanjuk , acquitted of being the Nazi death camp guard , Ivan the Terrible .
israel has blocked the [free] of john demjanjuk , acquitted of being the nazi death camp guard , ivan the terrible .

And sure enough the time came for his release … the pen was opened and he was free to go , after an uncertain start Freddy the Fox took his first step in the world as a wild Fox .
and sure enough the time came for his [free] … the pen was opened and he was free to go , after an uncertain start freddy the fox took his first step in the world as a wild fox .

Paul 's family in Swindon have given up hope of an early release .
paul 's family in swindon have given up hope of an early [free] .

Doctors believe the majority of cancer tumours grow to a certain stage before their cell walls rupture and release enzymes .
doctors believe the majority of cancer tumours grow to a certain stage before their cell walls rupture and [free] enzymes .

The release of gases , the temperature within the pyre and the changes seen in the soil beneath the fire will all be carefully analysed .
the [free] of gases , the temperature within the pyre and the changes seen in the soil beneath the fire will all be carefully analysed .

The release of gases , the temperature within the pyre and the changes seen in the soil beneath the fire will all be carefully analysed .
the [free] of gases , the temperature within the pyre and the changes seen in the soil beneath the fire will all be carefully analysed .

The Moroccan authorities wo n't release the body until investigations are complete , but the family want to start arranging a funeral .
the moroccan authorities wo n't [free] the body until investigations are complete , but the family want to start arranging a funeral .

It 's been a week now . Why do n't they release the body , there 's no need to hold on to it
it 's been a week now . why do n't they [free] the body , there 's no need to hold on to it

Free them … relatives call for release of men jailed for murder .
free them … relatives call for [free] of men jailed for murder .

Stephen Tobin played for Swindon Town , the court was told , in 1986 and 87 , after his release from Dartmoor prison .
stephen tobin played for swindon town , the court was told , in 1986 and 87 , after his [free] from dartmoor prison .

He was due for release next year but ran off on May the 4th from a prisoners ' training camp at Simonds Yat on the Gloucestershire / Herefordshire Border .
he was due for [free] next year but ran off on may the 4th from a prisoners ' training camp at simonds yat on the gloucestershire / herefordshire border .

But after 13 hours , negotiators pursuaded the prisoner to release his hostage unharmed .
but after 13 hours , negotiators pursuaded the prisoner to [free] his hostage unharmed .

Bruce Nottage says that it 's a release from the hum drum of life … its take you to places you 'd never go to
bruce nottage says that it 's a [free] from the hum drum of life … its take you to places you 'd never go to

Drink drive campaigners have renewed their call for random breath tests following the release of figures for the police 's Christmas and New Year campaign .
drink drive campaigners have renewed their call for random breath tests following the [free] of figures for the police 's christmas and new year campaign .

Today , the Foreign Office said that the Court in Nepal , which originally ordered their detention , had been given 3 days to either release the men , or to start trial proceedings .
today , the foreign office said that the court in nepal , which originally ordered their detention , had been given 3 days to either [free] the men , or to start trial proceedings .

That could mean their release by Wednesday .
that could mean their [free] by wednesday .

Speaking from prison in Katmandu , Martin says they 're coping with life in prison , but release ca n't come too soon .
speaking from prison in katmandu , martin says they 're coping with life in prison , but [free] ca n't come too soon .

They 're refusing to release any information about the man they 've arrested .
they 're refusing to [free] any information about the man they 've arrested .

Tomorrow 's newspaper advertisement has been organised by the drug help agency … release .
tomorrow 's newspaper advertisement has been organised by the drug help agency … [free] .

His prison sentence was cut from six to two years by the Court of Appeal , but eighteen months of it was suspended to allow his immediate release .
his prison sentence was cut from six to two years by the court of appeal , but eighteen months of it was suspended to allow his immediate [free] .

It there may need a press release which gives out a more balanced view to go out .
it there may need a press [free] which gives out a more balanced view to go out .

Could be a need for a press release on that then , could n't we , Chris .
could be a need for a press [free] on that then , could n't we , chris .

We 've just we 've just got the rel release of Fantasia on video over here .
we 've just we 've just got the rel [free] of fantasia on video over here .

The solicitors who gave him the court order for them to release all the details on that .
the solicitors who gave him the court order for them to [free] all the details on that .

and release himself
and [free] himself

relax and release himself
relax and [free] himself

and then he , you see he 's got , at home he 's got , he can release things cos there 's nobody else around
and then he , you see he 's got , at home he 's got , he can [free] things cos there 's nobody else around

In the shop , it 's only one pound fifty for a , a new release video shop .
in the shop , it 's only one pound fifty for a , a new [free] video shop .

they they they ca n't wait to get into said it 's like a sort of release valve
they they they ca n't wait to get into said it 's like a sort of [free] valve

like that cos Bill goes early to release them on Fridays cos that way they can go shopping with their missus and everything .
like that cos bill goes early to [free] them on fridays cos that way they can go shopping with their missus and everything .

Baghdad prisoner 's wife renews call for release
baghdad prisoner 's wife renews call for [free]

And we know what the Iraqi government would like , which is the release of their money frozen here since the Gulf war .
and we know what the iraqi government would like , which is the [free] of their money frozen here since the gulf war .

Meantime , Clinton is obliged to release to the states billions in Medicare funds which the last regime held back on technical grounds .
meantime , clinton is obliged to [free] to the states billions in medicare funds which the last regime held back on technical grounds .

Roy 's age is the one vital fact missing from the long list in the Rovers press release .
roy 's age is the one vital fact missing from the long list in the rovers press [free] .

‘ My political views have never changed in the past and will not change in the future , ’ he said soon after court officials ordered his early release from a Beijing prison .
‘ my political views have never changed in the past and will not change in the future , ’ he said soon after court officials ordered his early [free] from a beijing prison .

He was due for release on 1 July , 1993 .
he was due for [free] on 1 july , 1993 .

Another of the laureates , former Costa Rican president Oscar Arias , urged the world to rally behind the fight against oppression in Burma and in seeking Ms Suu Kyi 's release .
another of the laureates , former costa rican president oscar arias , urged the world to rally behind the fight against oppression in burma and in seeking ms suu kyi 's [free] .

They can then apply for a further 24-hour extension but after that they must charge or release the pair .
they can then apply for a further 24-hour extension but after that they must charge or [free] the pair .

The phostoxin pellets , when broken , release an acrid gas that can kill by causing the lungs to fill with water .
the phostoxin pellets , when broken , [free] an acrid gas that can kill by causing the lungs to fill with water .

‘ If a sensible Government would release adequate funding for higher education institutions — not least to maintain things like the Torrie Collection — then a situation like this is unlikely to have arisen .
‘ if a sensible government would [free] adequate funding for higher education institutions — not least to maintain things like the torrie collection — then a situation like this is unlikely to have arisen .

He urged the Prime Minister to release local authority receipts to help tackle unemployment .
he urged the prime minister to [free] local authority receipts to help tackle unemployment .

Most of the fall came as a result of the release of provisions in the merchant banking and securities division .
most of the fall came as a result of the [free] of provisions in the merchant banking and securities division .

Supt Alan Saddler told a meeting of the town 's police and community consultative group that plans are under discussion to train non-officers for inquiry desk duties to release police for beat duties .
supt alan saddler told a meeting of the town 's police and community consultative group that plans are under discussion to train non-officers for inquiry desk duties to [free] police for beat duties .

He said it was envisaged that this would either take place through increases in manpower approved by the Home Office or through ‘ civilianisation ’ of police posts to release officers to other duties .
he said it was envisaged that this would either take place through increases in manpower approved by the home office or through ‘ civilianisation ’ of police posts to [free] officers to other duties .

‘ If you go to prison you will simply be back to square one on your release a few months later . ’
‘ if you go to prison you will simply be back to square one on your [free] a few months later . ’

He said he would look into a dispute which was holding up the release of Brussels cash to help build some factories on the site of the old Darlington forge .
he said he would look into a dispute which was holding up the [free] of brussels cash to help build some factories on the site of the old darlington forge .

The new Labour government will begin the phased release of receipts from council house sales so that houses can begin to be built again .
the new labour government will begin the phased [free] of receipts from council house sales so that houses can begin to be built again .

Seventy per cent of them are worried about where they are going to stay on release .
seventy per cent of them are worried about where they are going to stay on [free] .

‘ You ca n't expect people to come out of prison and go dashing to the social security — not on the day of their release . ’
‘ you ca n't expect people to come out of prison and go dashing to the social security — not on the day of their [free] . ’

‘ The publication was compiled under embargo for release as soon as the route announcement was made by the Government .
‘ the publication was compiled under embargo for [free] as soon as the route announcement was made by the government .

‘ They plan to make a completely fresh start upon his release from prison .
‘ they plan to make a completely fresh start upon his [free] from prison .

The area was still reaping the benefits a decade after the film 's release .
the area was still reaping the benefits a decade after the film 's [free] .

Blackadder and Wolf crossed in the second-half , when Scotland were at least able to ensnare some ball for Nicol , Dods and Townsend to release Stanger for a try , his second distinguishing act of the tie , having earlier pulled off a try-saving tackle .
blackadder and wolf crossed in the second-half , when scotland were at least able to ensnare some ball for nicol , dods and townsend to [free] stanger for a try , his second distinguishing act of the tie , having earlier pulled off a try-saving tackle .

The man in charge at Chelsea at the moment , David Webb , is on probation and it is unlikely his chairman , the fiery Ken Bates , would release such a sum of money to him during the trial period .
the man in charge at chelsea at the moment , david webb , is on probation and it is unlikely his chairman , the fiery ken bates , would [free] such a sum of money to him during the trial period .

Firemen bring welcome release
firemen bring welcome [free]

Mr Taylor says it would release six constables for other duties and told the committee : ‘ We do know that some forces have undergone civilianisation of these posts .
mr taylor says it would [free] six constables for other duties and told the committee : ‘ we do know that some forces have undergone civilianisation of these posts .

One successful operation involved a cub found wandering in the centre of Darlington , taken to a refuge at Throckley , near Durham , and returned to the group for release into the Yorkshire countryside .
one successful operation involved a cub found wandering in the centre of darlington , taken to a refuge at throckley , near durham , and returned to the group for [free] into the yorkshire countryside .

In the wake of last September 's humiliation on the foreign exchanges , ministers took to claiming that their release from the disciplines of the Exchange Rate Mechanism afforded a happy opportunity to pursue a fresh strategy aimed at economic recovery and the creation of jobs .
in the wake of last september 's humiliation on the foreign exchanges , ministers took to claiming that their [free] from the disciplines of the exchange rate mechanism afforded a happy opportunity to pursue a fresh strategy aimed at economic recovery and the creation of jobs .

Some argue that violent programmes are cathartic , a safe release for aggressive feelings .
some argue that violent programmes are cathartic , a safe [free] for aggressive feelings .

Infallible way to obtain release from military service
infallible way to obtain [free] from military service

But if this really was the sum of Hoover 's sexuality — sad , mean and sporadic , a slight release from the need to control himself utterly — he seems almost pitiable .
but if this really was the sum of hoover 's sexuality — sad , mean and sporadic , a slight [free] from the need to control himself utterly — he seems almost pitiable .

Not all the songs played during the evening hailed from the album with the set already suggesting Eddi has more than enough material to record and release another album at fairly short notice .
not all the songs played during the evening hailed from the album with the set already suggesting eddi has more than enough material to record and [free] another album at fairly short notice .

He plans to release it all over the Far East as well as Britain , and said : ‘ It will sell like hot cakes . ’
he plans to [free] it all over the far east as well as britain , and said : ‘ it will sell like hot cakes . ’

But McHale has another option after taking former Bridlington Town keeper Ian Taylor on trial following his release from Fourth Division Carlisle United .
but mchale has another option after taking former bridlington town keeper ian taylor on trial following his [free] from fourth division carlisle united .

The musical flavour of that part of the world can also be heard in a related release , Sahara Blue , in which France 's Hector Zazou brings the words of his countryman , symbolist poet Arthur Rimbaud , to life .
the musical flavour of that part of the world can also be heard in a related [free] , sahara blue , in which france 's hector zazou brings the words of his countryman , symbolist poet arthur rimbaud , to life .

Runrig release their new album , Amazing Things , on 15 March .
runrig [free] their new album , amazing things , on 15 march .

However , the burgeoning folk revival of the 50s and 60s offered her a welcome release , and eventually she won a respected place in the circuit of folk festivals and folksong clubs , singing material not only from her mother 's repertoire but also from a personal ‘ collection ’ gathered when hawking , or working at the tatties .
however , the burgeoning folk revival of the 50s and 60s offered her a welcome [free] , and eventually she won a respected place in the circuit of folk festivals and folksong clubs , singing material not only from her mother 's repertoire but also from a personal ‘ collection ’ gathered when hawking , or working at the tatties .

He plays an evil father in the Oscar-nominated British film Howards End and the vampire killer in Bram Stoker 's Dracula , both currently on general release .
he plays an evil father in the oscar-nominated british film howards end and the vampire killer in bram stoker 's dracula , both currently on general [free] .

It smashed to the top of the box-office ratings within days of its release .
it smashed to the top of the box-office ratings within days of its [free] .

Neighbours beat the dog with a metal bar to make it release its grip .
neighbours beat the dog with a metal bar to make it [free] its grip .

Mr Wakerley reminded the jury that Sams had already admitted leaving the message for Shipways ' branch manager Kevin Watts , in January 1992 , who was carrying the £175,000 demanded for Stephanie 's safe release .
mr wakerley reminded the jury that sams had already admitted leaving the message for shipways ' branch manager kevin watts , in january 1992 , who was carrying the £175,000 demanded for stephanie 's safe [free] .

The Beatles record is their third release on the label .
the beatles record is their third [free] on the label .

Alexandria Gaunt , aged seven months , was trapped in the cot for more than half an hour as her worried family tried to release her .
alexandria gaunt , aged seven months , was trapped in the cot for more than half an hour as her worried family tried to [free] her .

Relatives of the men were confident the new evidence would eventually secure their release .
relatives of the men were confident the new evidence would eventually secure their [free] .

‘ Some people have also said that laughter helps the body release chemicals in the brain that are our own internal morphine supplies .
‘ some people have also said that laughter helps the body [free] chemicals in the brain that are our own internal morphine supplies .

Anderson was the chief Middle East correspondent for the Associated Press who spent 2,454 days as a captive of fundamentalist Shiite Muslims in Lebanon until his release on December 4 , 1991 .
anderson was the chief middle east correspondent for the associated press who spent 2,454 days as a captive of fundamentalist shiite muslims in lebanon until his [free] on december 4 , 1991 .

Our visiting tutors ' subject range from Dance to Diet , from Aerobics to the Alexander method , from Relaxation to Writing a Press Release .
our visiting tutors ' subject range from dance to diet , from aerobics to the alexander method , from relaxation to writing a press [free] .

When she offers to sleep with him , he refuses , as he knows it 's only for release and not love .
when she offers to sleep with him , he refuses , as he knows it 's only for [free] and not love .

Nowadays methods vary from teacher to teacher , but in a typical lesson the pupil is likely to find himself lying , sitting or standing on a hard table while his teacher , using hands and voice , gently guides his head and gets him to release his neck and shoulders .
nowadays methods vary from teacher to teacher , but in a typical lesson the pupil is likely to find himself lying , sitting or standing on a hard table while his teacher , using hands and voice , gently guides his head and gets him to [free] his neck and shoulders .

Since labour reserves were adequate , there was no need , either , for an acceleration of wages and faster scrapping in order to release workers for employment on new machines .
since labour reserves were adequate , there was no need , either , for an acceleration of wages and faster scrapping in order to [free] workers for employment on new machines .

Extreme right-wing groups offered support in exchange for the release of imprisoned right-winger , General Salan .
extreme right-wing groups offered support in exchange for the [free] of imprisoned right-winger , general salan .

De Gaulle left the country for Baden-Baden to consult with French army commander General Massau , who agreed , in return for the release of General Salan , that the army would support any legal government but would not intervene openly unless the Communist Party called for insurrection .
de gaulle left the country for baden-baden to consult with french army commander general massau , who agreed , in return for the [free] of general salan , that the army would support any legal government but would not intervene openly unless the communist party called for insurrection .

The release of a new single , Dragging Me Down , and a tour of more modest venues is proof of a going back to their roots approach to catch a new generation of fans .
the [free] of a new single , dragging me down , and a tour of more modest venues is proof of a going back to their roots approach to catch a new generation of fans .

His history of Hartburn , now effectively a suburb of Stockton , was completed in the mid-eighties , but publishing problems delayed its release .
his history of hartburn , now effectively a suburb of stockton , was completed in the mid-eighties , but publishing problems delayed its [free] .

They plan to release the residents of Gorse Hill into the community or into other council owned accommodation .
they plan to [free] the residents of gorse hill into the community or into other council owned accommodation .

The sun breaks through the hazy Teesside smog just as the show kicks off with the release of hundreds of helium-filled balloons about as environmentally-friendly as the tall factory chimneys they fly past .
the sun breaks through the hazy teesside smog just as the show kicks off with the [free] of hundreds of helium-filled balloons about as environmentally-friendly as the tall factory chimneys they fly past .

On the Richards decision , Kinsey explained : ‘ He was preventing release of the ball .
on the richards decision , kinsey explained : ‘ he was preventing [free] of the ball .

He said he could not release details of the amount of money involved as it was confidential information .
he said he could not [free] details of the amount of money involved as it was confidential information .

On his release from prison as an undischarged bankrupt , he changed his name from Bowesfield to Sinclair .
on his [free] from prison as an undischarged bankrupt , he changed his name from bowesfield to sinclair .

McHale is also set to release one or two more players in addition to Dave Logan , Mark Ash , Darren Foreman and Chris James , before the end of the season .
mchale is also set to [free] one or two more players in addition to dave logan , mark ash , darren foreman and chris james , before the end of the season .

Lift release :
lift [free] :

Lift release :
lift [free] :

Lift release :
lift [free] :

Lift release :
lift [free] :

The new album Change Everything is due for release in early summer .
the new album change everything is due for [free] in early summer .

They 're prepared to release me straight away if the Teesside clubs ever merge .
they 're prepared to [free] me straight away if the teesside clubs ever merge .

Deputy chief executive Freddie Fletcher reissued a news release from the club yesterday stating that an alternative form of financial restructuring was under review .
deputy chief executive freddie fletcher reissued a news [free] from the club yesterday stating that an alternative form of financial restructuring was under review .

Fletcher , in charge of negotiations in the absence of a manager , expects to release a list of retained players this weekend .
fletcher , in charge of negotiations in the absence of a manager , expects to [free] a list of retained players this weekend .

Todd , 43 , is keen on renewing a partnership forged at Ayresome Park and will seek his release from Bradford City .
todd , 43 , is keen on renewing a partnership forged at ayresome park and will seek his [free] from bradford city .

Luckily for ‘ Bluey , ’ Brian operates the Central Fisheries Board tag and release scheme , so soon after weighing , the shark was swimming merrily away albeit it with a brightly coloured plastic tag at the back of his dorsal fin .
luckily for ‘ bluey , ’ brian operates the central fisheries board tag and [free] scheme , so soon after weighing , the shark was swimming merrily away albeit it with a brightly coloured plastic tag at the back of his dorsal fin .

It 's unlikely the Americans will release the cause of the crash even when it is known .
it 's unlikely the americans will [free] the cause of the crash even when it is known .

It took just over an hour for the emergency services to release Lewis .
it took just over an hour for the emergency services to [free] lewis .

Shaun Gooch , who was injured in the crash , was arrested on the day of his release from hospital .
shaun gooch , who was injured in the crash , was arrested on the day of his [free] from hospital .

David Chandler is now accusing the British Foreign office of not doing enough to secure his brother in law 's release .
david chandler is now accusing the british foreign office of not doing enough to secure his brother in law 's [free] .

Tonight the Foreign Office insisted it was doing everything in its power to secure Paul Ride 's early release .
tonight the foreign office insisted it was doing everything in its power to secure paul ride 's early [free] .

During a 40 minute session , Steven uses massage and manipulation to loosen up Lizs muscles , to release tension and ease pain .
during a 40 minute session , steven uses massage and manipulation to loosen up lizs muscles , to [free] tension and ease pain .

’ New Release ’ will be bottled and on the shelves in a months time and is England 's answer to the French wine Beaujolais Nouveau .
’ new [free] ’ will be bottled and on the shelves in a months time and is england 's answer to the french wine beaujolais nouveau .

But there 's some stiff competition for ’ New Release ’ , each year Beaujolais Nouveau hits British shops in a flood of publicity with people racing to bring back the first bottle to Britain .
but there 's some stiff competition for ’ new [free] ’ , each year beaujolais nouveau hits british shops in a flood of publicity with people racing to bring back the first bottle to britain .

So in an attempt to make sure New Release does n't go unnoticed Three Choirs is launching it 's own publicity campaign .
so in an attempt to make sure new [free] does n't go unnoticed three choirs is launching it 's own publicity campaign .

It 's asked three unemployed graduates of Cheltenham and Gloucester College of Higher Education to plan and run an event on the day that New Release is launched .
it 's asked three unemployed graduates of cheltenham and gloucester college of higher education to plan and run an event on the day that new [free] is launched .

New Release will be on sale on November the 18th , the same day as Beaujolais Nouveau .
new [free] will be on sale on november the 18th , the same day as beaujolais nouveau .

The students are hoping to arrange their own type of wine run , distributing New Release around Gloucestershire , in the hope that it 'll prove every bit as popular as it 's French rival .
the students are hoping to arrange their own type of wine run , distributing new [free] around gloucestershire , in the hope that it 'll prove every bit as popular as it 's french rival .

However , the furore which surrounded the release of a few hundred tonnes of intervention beef in England — an amount equivalent to less than a tenth of one per cent of the mountain — suggests the idea of simply selling beef cheaply to the European consumers who paid for it would be a difficult option .
however , the furore which surrounded the [free] of a few hundred tonnes of intervention beef in england — an amount equivalent to less than a tenth of one per cent of the mountain — suggests the idea of simply selling beef cheaply to the european consumers who paid for it would be a difficult option .

‘ The developer is seeking the release for housing of a one field width strip parallel to the Glebe Road which had previously been turned down by planners .
‘ the developer is seeking the [free] for housing of a one field width strip parallel to the glebe road which had previously been turned down by planners .

Hampshire are to release batsman Julian Wood and left-arm spinner Ian Turner at the end of the season .
hampshire are to [free] batsman julian wood and left-arm spinner ian turner at the end of the season .

Hundreds responded with a protest march … to highlight their concerns about road safety … and to release the tide of anger and emotion .
hundreds responded with a protest march … to highlight their concerns about road safety … and to [free] the tide of anger and emotion .

His release after 2 years in Indian jails , follows the efforts of his mother at home in Bampton in Oxfordshire , who even stood against Douglas Hurd in the last election to draw attention to her son 's plight .
his [free] after 2 years in indian jails , follows the efforts of his mother at home in bampton in oxfordshire , who even stood against douglas hurd in the last election to draw attention to her son 's plight .

Bosnian authorities had agreed to release the children for a holiday , but the Home Office insisted on vizas , suggesting such groups should leave refugee problems to the professionals .
bosnian authorities had agreed to [free] the children for a holiday , but the home office insisted on vizas , suggesting such groups should leave refugee problems to the professionals .

Among the delegates are 8 prisoners on special release including Denis Sidebottom .
among the delegates are 8 prisoners on special [free] including denis sidebottom .

It will go on sale at Christmas , and it 's hoped to use the release to boost tourism in the city .
it will go on sale at christmas , and it 's hoped to use the [free] to boost tourism in the city .

Detectives investigating the death of Tanya Probyn must decide in the next hour whether to continue to question her husband , or release him .
detectives investigating the death of tanya probyn must decide in the next hour whether to continue to question her husband , or [free] him .

The first bulletin illustrating the most interesting examples will be issued next month , but the society will also regularly release details to encourage public interest in their re-use and restoration .
the first bulletin illustrating the most interesting examples will be issued next month , but the society will also regularly [free] details to encourage public interest in their re-use and restoration .

Nineteen ninety one will be remembered first for the extraordinary events on the international stage — the Gulf War , the Soviet coup and the release of the hostages .
nineteen ninety one will be remembered first for the extraordinary events on the international stage — the gulf war , the soviet coup and the [free] of the hostages .

Her fans can see how she has managed it in Braveworld 's September 28 rental video release Family of Strangers .
her fans can see how she has managed it in braveworld 's september 28 rental video [free] family of strangers .

As a condition of his release , Nick 's passport was withheld for 90 days , pending an appeal by the prosecution .
as a condition of his [free] , nick 's passport was withheld for 90 days , pending an appeal by the prosecution .

Nick 's mother , Marilyn who 's campaigned vigourously for his release , says her son has now moved to a neighbouring state in Western India because he 's fearful of repercussions .
nick 's mother , marilyn who 's campaigned vigourously for his [free] , says her son has now moved to a neighbouring state in western india because he 's fearful of repercussions .

The most important point that we discussed was the immediate release of all prisoners of war .
the most important point that we discussed was the immediate [free] of all prisoners of war .

The details of this release must be worked out by the international Red Cross .
the details of this [free] must be worked out by the international red cross .

Federal Judge , Harold Green , ordered the immediate release of the transcript , saying the public has a right to know what the former president said .
federal judge , harold green , ordered the immediate [free] of the transcript , saying the public has a right to know what the former president said .

Scientists at Chilton release a report on X-ray radiation and a couple describe how the Beatles have destroyed true love .
scientists at chilton [free] a report on x-ray radiation and a couple describe how the beatles have destroyed true love .

Shares crashed to new lows in the City on the news , which came just hours after the release of Britain 's better than expected trade figures , though Britain is still well in the red , the latest deficit 's down to one point one billion dollars .
shares crashed to new lows in the city on the news , which came just hours after the [free] of britain 's better than expected trade figures , though britain is still well in the red , the latest deficit 's down to one point one billion dollars .

Iraqi President Saddam Hussein has ordered the release of nine Frenchmen who were being held hostage .
iraqi president saddam hussein has ordered the [free] of nine frenchmen who were being held hostage .

It also meets the French demand that any settlement be conditional upon the release of hostages .
it also meets the french demand that any settlement be conditional upon the [free] of hostages .

Second and simultaneously , in order not to release a consumer credit squeeze that would second imports , they should introduce controls on the supply of credit ; restraint in what the banking system is allowed to borrow .
second and simultaneously , in order not to [free] a consumer credit squeeze that would second imports , they should introduce controls on the supply of credit ; restraint in what the banking system is allowed to borrow .

If the informed sources in Beirut er have said through the Al , the prestigious Almahan newspaper , now this is one that er that rightly predicted the release of the American hostages , Frank Reid and Robert Polehill .
if the informed sources in beirut er have said through the al , the prestigious almahan newspaper , now this is one that er that rightly predicted the [free] of the american hostages , frank reid and robert polehill .

They say that a release is on the cards this week er they make no mention of any ransom and they say Terry Waite is a priority for release ; he is at the top of a list of Western hostages about to be set free .
they say that a [free] is on the cards this week er they make no mention of any ransom and they say terry waite is a priority for [free] ; he is at the top of a list of western hostages about to be set free .

There are all sorts of people involved and the various underground factions , that maybe that one has , er as , probably as an afterthought er considered that , that maybe money in the release of any Western hostages , that may be where the story has come from , but certainly from the informed sources , and the , the , er certainly on the evidence of past hostages releases , er we would n't really have expected that er ransom would be demanded , obviously we have to wait and see when er , when the hostages are set free .
there are all sorts of people involved and the various underground factions , that maybe that one has , er as , probably as an afterthought er considered that , that maybe money in the [free] of any western hostages , that may be where the story has come from , but certainly from the informed sources , and the , the , er certainly on the evidence of past hostages releases , er we would n't really have expected that er ransom would be demanded , obviously we have to wait and see when er , when the hostages are set free .

If this really does happen it would be a remarkable situation because up until now they 've been let out in dribs and drabs , they 're talking here about a kind of mass release are n't they ?
if this really does happen it would be a remarkable situation because up until now they 've been let out in dribs and drabs , they 're talking here about a kind of mass [free] are n't they ?

The Germans and Italians say a team of European politicians should go to negotiate the release of hostages , even though they agree that such trips should be condemned .
the germans and italians say a team of european politicians should go to negotiate the [free] of hostages , even though they agree that such trips should be condemned .

Ten British wives of hostages held in Iraq will fly to Baghdad next week to plead with the Iraqi leader for their release .
ten british wives of hostages held in iraq will fly to baghdad next week to plead with the iraqi leader for their [free] .

Britain has protested about the proposed visit to Baghdad of former West German Chancellor , Willy Brandt , to try to secure the release of hostages .
britain has protested about the proposed visit to baghdad of former west german chancellor , willy brandt , to try to secure the [free] of hostages .

His relief comes after , his release comes after persuasion by the former singer , Cat Stevens , now Britain 's Muslim leader , Yusef Islam .
his relief comes after , his [free] comes after persuasion by the former singer , cat stevens , now britain 's muslim leader , yusef islam .

Abdullah 's wife , Norjan and two daughters , were allowed to leave Iraq last month after the family was taken hostage while on a pilg pilgrimage ; she says the news of his release came as a great shock .
abdullah 's wife , norjan and two daughters , were allowed to leave iraq last month after the family was taken hostage while on a pilg pilgrimage ; she says the news of his [free] came as a great shock .

The point is here that he has mentioned in his press release a number of okay local people , and by doing this in this particular way he has greatly increased the possibility and probability of ending up with a piece in the local newspaper .
the point is here that he has mentioned in his press [free] a number of okay local people , and by doing this in this particular way he has greatly increased the possibility and probability of ending up with a piece in the local newspaper .

This is the scenario , and they had to go away and ask , write a press release in that scenario . Would you like to read your scenario ?
this is the scenario , and they had to go away and ask , write a press [free] in that scenario . would you like to read your scenario ?

Date : twelfth of April , nineteen ninety-one , for immediate release .
date : twelfth of april , nineteen ninety-one , for immediate [free] .

okay , if you could tell us the scenario , read the scenario to us and then read the press release please .
okay , if you could tell us the scenario , read the scenario to us and then read the press [free] please .

We feel the need to restore some credibility to our programme , hence the release .
we feel the need to restore some credibility to our programme , hence the [free] .

Media Release is headed ‘ Council moves swiftly to close restaurant ’ .
media [free] is headed ‘ council moves swiftly to close restaurant ’ .

Very democratic . Sort of consortium What — somebody tell me in the group what sort of press release you had , what did it describe , so that we , the other people have n't seen it , have they ?
very democratic . sort of consortium what — somebody tell me in the group what sort of press [free] you had , what did it describe , so that we , the other people have n't seen it , have they ?

So give us some indication of what sort of press release it was so that we know what we 're talking about in the
so give us some indication of what sort of press [free] it was so that we know what we 're talking about in the

Well , it was a press release which was headed ‘ Increase in Food Poisoning Cases ’ .
well , it was a press [free] which was headed ‘ increase in food poisoning cases ’ .

It gave the name of a contact point to follow up information , although some of us had reservations about whether it should have been the person who was actually quoted in the press release
it gave the name of a contact point to follow up information , although some of us had reservations about whether it should have been the person who was actually quoted in the press [free]

There were two messages in the press release and maybe that was , that was , that was the wrong move , it should have concentrated on one or other of the issues , and the message might be lost through the double-header .
there were two messages in the press [free] and maybe that was , that was , that was the wrong move , it should have concentrated on one or other of the issues , and the message might be lost through the double-header .

That was quite a well laid-out press release .
that was quite a well laid-out press [free] .

It was a press release following the Chief Environmental Health Officer preempting a report that was being made to the council going to be implemented for the use of the Environmental Protection Act , and goes on to list them in indented form .
it was a press [free] following the chief environmental health officer preempting a report that was being made to the council going to be implemented for the use of the environmental protection act , and goes on to list them in indented form .

So we 'd want to put an embargo note on this release , so it could n't be used prematurely .
so we 'd want to put an embargo note on this [free] , so it could n't be used prematurely .

Yes . It was a pretty awful press release , was n't it , actually ?
yes . it was a pretty awful press [free] , was n't it , actually ?

Tell us about the press release
tell us about the press [free]

So on the flip side , in other words , nothing positive about the press release but positive about one truth , what one should say for a press release .
so on the flip side , in other words , nothing positive about the press [free] but positive about one truth , what one should say for a press [free] .

They 're a very useful addendum to any press release .
they 're a very useful addendum to any press [free] .

You get a nice press release that fits beautifully onto one page .
you get a nice press [free] that fits beautifully onto one page .

But there are other bits of information you might want to give , like a photo opportunity , like a particular thing , something specific happening which related to the press release but 's not part of it .
but there are other bits of information you might want to give , like a photo opportunity , like a particular thing , something specific happening which related to the press [free] but 's not part of it .

’ That is not necessarily part of the press release but it does give the editor some important information .
’ that is not necessarily part of the press [free] but it does give the editor some important information .

Well , it 's a pretty good press release
well , it 's a pretty good press [free]

press release about this
press [free] about this

Three fairly sort of general things on press release .
three fairly sort of general things on press [free] .

These blood cells can release antibodies , which are specific for the target , home onto it like a guided missile , and kill it .
these blood cells can [free] antibodies , which are specific for the target , home onto it like a guided missile , and kill it .

To tell us things are happening and certainly on the press release it made erm it was there in black and white to say that
to tell us things are happening and certainly on the press [free] it made erm it was there in black and white to say that

It was a re-run of events before the Polehill release eight days ago .
it was a re-run of events before the polehill [free] eight days ago .

The Syrian Foreign Minister emerged to predict a release within a few hours , underlining that such a delicate operation is being handled jointly both by Syria and Iran .
the syrian foreign minister emerged to predict a [free] within a few hours , underlining that such a delicate operation is being handled jointly both by syria and iran .

Syria and Iran have been continuing their efforts to secure the release of other hostages .
syria and iran have been continuing their efforts to secure the [free] of other hostages .

The release was first signalled by two notes and three photographs sent to a newspaper and newsagency in Beirut .
the [free] was first signalled by two notes and three photographs sent to a newspaper and newsagency in beirut .

The Syrian President , Assad the release was aimed at reinforcing his determination to improve relations with the United States and the West in general .
the syrian president , assad the [free] was aimed at reinforcing his determination to improve relations with the united states and the west in general .

As Mr Reed 's release seemed imminent , an unsigned statement on Tehran radio commenting on events since last week 's release , said ‘ the United States has failed to reciprocate the goodwill shown by Polehill 's captors ; in view of Washington 's position , resolving the hostage crisis is much slower than previously expected ’ .
as mr reed 's [free] seemed imminent , an unsigned statement on tehran radio commenting on events since last week 's [free] , said ‘ the united states has failed to reciprocate the goodwill shown by polehill 's captors ; in view of washington 's position , resolving the hostage crisis is much slower than previously expected ’ .

Discovery , go for Hubble release .
discovery , go for hubble [free] .

Okay we have a ‘ go ’ for release and we 're going to be a minute .
okay we have a ‘ go ’ for [free] and we 're going to be a minute .

They 've been trying to find alternative berths for incoming cargoes and negotiating the release of ships waiting to sail on the night time .
they 've been trying to find alternative berths for incoming cargoes and negotiating the [free] of ships waiting to sail on the night time .

‘ Someone forgot to release him last night , ’ one of them shouted . ‘ The poor bastard 's frozen to death ! ’
‘ someone forgot to [free] him last night , ’ one of them shouted . ‘ the poor bastard 's frozen to death ! ’

‘ Close to Eden is the latest offering from Hollywood veteran Sidney Lumet [ Serpico , Muder on the Orient Express ] and is due for release in the West End on June 11 .
‘ close to eden is the latest offering from hollywood veteran sidney lumet [ serpico , muder on the orient express ] and is due for [free] in the west end on june 11 .

The sides of the tongue , which are raised for the preceding consonant , are lowered to allow air to escape over them ( this is called lateral release ) .
the sides of the tongue , which are raised for the preceding consonant , are lowered to allow air to escape over them ( this is called lateral [free] ) .

Police were last night refusing to release the names of the dead pair , who were aged 19 and 20 , because relatives had not been informed .
police were last night refusing to [free] the names of the dead pair , who were aged 19 and 20 , because relatives had not been informed .

Within the last fortnight , we have seen the release on parole of one offender after serving just 22 months of a five year sentence for sexual offences against at least a dozen young boys , and the sentencing of another man to life imprisonment after a sexual orgy resulting in the death of a nine year old .
within the last fortnight , we have seen the [free] on parole of one offender after serving just 22 months of a five year sentence for sexual offences against at least a dozen young boys , and the sentencing of another man to life imprisonment after a sexual orgy resulting in the death of a nine year old .

Richardson said he could not understand the timing of the release of the book , ‘ Strike Bowler ’ , but would ensure that his men maintained good behaviour .
richardson said he could not understand the timing of the [free] of the book , ‘ strike bowler ’ , but would ensure that his men maintained good behaviour .

The council proposes to budget £100,000 in 1993-94 to provide grants for about 10 existing tenants so that they can buy private houses and release family-sized council houses for re-letting .
the council proposes to budget £100,000 in 1993-94 to provide grants for about 10 existing tenants so that they can buy private houses and [free] family-sized council houses for re-letting .

Marlon Brando , Tom Selleck , Rachel Ward and Catherine Zeta Jones beat the opposition to the punch with the speedy release of their Christopher Columbus : The Discovery at the box office even if reviews were only lukewarm .
marlon brando , tom selleck , rachel ward and catherine zeta jones beat the opposition to the punch with the speedy [free] of their christopher columbus : the discovery at the box office even if reviews were only lukewarm .

The single was released in June and the band 's first album is due for release later this month .
the single was released in june and the band 's first album is due for [free] later this month .

And their hopes died on the hour when Hateley 's dummy gave Ian Durrant the space to release him on the left .
and their hopes died on the hour when hateley 's dummy gave ian durrant the space to [free] him on the left .

Release protection for birds
[free] protection for birds

Environment Minister Lord Strathclyde announced Government plans to introduce a licensing scheme regulating the release of captive-born barn owls into the wild .
environment minister lord strathclyde announced government plans to introduce a licensing scheme regulating the [free] of captive-born barn owls into the wild .

Speaking at the park 's Wildlife Rehabilitation Unit in Thurstaston , Mr Ingham said : ‘ Barn owls end up dead if the release is not done properly .
speaking at the park 's wildlife rehabilitation unit in thurstaston , mr ingham said : ‘ barn owls end up dead if the [free] is not done properly .

Breeders often release the owls too old , without giving them time to establish themselves in the release area .
breeders often [free] the owls too old , without giving them time to establish themselves in the [free] area .

‘ Owls are frequently killed by cars , or they starve , because the release has n't been thought out properly .
‘ owls are frequently killed by cars , or they starve , because the [free] has n't been thought out properly .

The three freed men , Winston Allen , Noel Bell and James Hegan , have now joined a campaign for Latimer 's release .
the three freed men , winston allen , noel bell and james hegan , have now joined a campaign for latimer 's [free] .

And , even more disturbingly , the three men now at liberty talk at length — for the first time since their release — about being wrongly imprisoned and reveal how they were beaten into signing confessions .
and , even more disturbingly , the three men now at liberty talk at length — for the first time since their [free] — about being wrongly imprisoned and reveal how they were beaten into signing confessions .

‘ We only release bitches who have been spayed and if they are still only puppies we give the new owners a date to take them to the vet . ’
‘ we only [free] bitches who have been spayed and if they are still only puppies we give the new owners a date to take them to the vet . ’

Mr Wilshire said he had been trying to secure his release .
mr wilshire said he had been trying to secure his [free] .

He urged the Government to make the strongest protests and redouble efforts to obtain the release of other British citizens held .
he urged the government to make the strongest protests and redouble efforts to obtain the [free] of other british citizens held .

According to the release sent out on behalf of Liverpool-based Metel Corporate Training Services : ‘ Most owners and managers of small firms are too close to their businesses to see the overall picture .
according to the [free] sent out on behalf of liverpool-based metel corporate training services : ‘ most owners and managers of small firms are too close to their businesses to see the overall picture .

The Prodigy release their new single Out Of Space next week their maddest offering to date .
the prodigy [free] their new single out of space next week their maddest offering to date .

These are now increasing needs for detergents to release oxygen at lower temperatures for modern fabrics .
these are now increasing needs for detergents to [free] oxygen at lower temperatures for modern fabrics .

We can tailor-make the product to the detergent manufacturer 's requirement : to release oxygen at a certain temperature range , a certain speed , with particular dissolving characteristics .
we can tailor-make the product to the detergent manufacturer 's requirement : to [free] oxygen at a certain temperature range , a certain speed , with particular dissolving characteristics .

‘ We can supply everything the customer needs for vacuum bag moulding composite parts , including nylon bag film , sealant tapes , release films and fabrics and breather fabrics .
‘ we can supply everything the customer needs for vacuum bag moulding composite parts , including nylon bag film , sealant tapes , [free] films and fabrics and breather fabrics .

Promotion has included advertisements in 15 magazines , a Press release campaign and in-store posters .
promotion has included advertisements in 15 magazines , a press [free] campaign and in-store posters .

Release of this information is a key step in monitoring progress towards the Group 's target of 50 per cent waste reduction by 1995 .
[free] of this information is a key step in monitoring progress towards the group 's target of 50 per cent waste reduction by 1995 .

Things had come to a head in 1990 when a release extenxded a shut-down by several days at a cost of £250,000 .
things had come to a head in 1990 when a [free] extenxded a shut-down by several days at a cost of £250,000 .

Why , unless we can rock the bloody thing release it .
why , unless we can rock the bloody thing [free] it .

Do n't they have a day release thing ?
do n't they have a day [free] thing ?

Bet that did n't release its natural endorphin . Ah
bet that did n't [free] its natural endorphin . ah

It stops it and you 've got a button somewhere on your dash what you press to release it .
it stops it and you 've got a button somewhere on your dash what you press to [free] it .

It 's alright if you can get day release from your
it 's alright if you can get day [free] from your

That 's what you want to be after , day release .
that 's what you want to be after , day [free] .

‘ It will also be interesting to see where he gets the time from too , because there 's his solo album release , our anthology , and then in September Mick , Stevie ( Nicks ) , Chris , myself and Billy start a new Fleetwood Mac album , which marks the end of Christine 's ‘ retirement ’ . She spent six months in retirement and then it was , ‘ When do we start ? ’
‘ it will also be interesting to see where he gets the time from too , because there 's his solo album [free] , our anthology , and then in september mick , stevie ( nicks ) , chris , myself and billy start a new fleetwood mac album , which marks the end of christine 's ‘ retirement ’ . she spent six months in retirement and then it was , ‘ when do we start ? ’

The next release from Maestro Alex Gregory , ex-pat Brit , self-styled justice commando and complete , authentic nutter is rumoured to be entitled ‘ Paganini 's Last Stand ’ .
the next [free] from maestro alex gregory , ex-pat brit , self-styled justice commando and complete , authentic nutter is rumoured to be entitled ‘ paganini 's last stand ’ .

All this led to the release of the first solo album …
all this led to the [free] of the first solo album …

The release of his second album , ‘ Hands Free ’ , follows the success of Mona , a hit from his first album which established him as a singer/songwriter but did very little to convince a cynical world that under the suntan there lurked a talented guitarist .
the [free] of his second album , ‘ hands free ’ , follows the success of mona , a hit from his first album which established him as a singer/songwriter but did very little to convince a cynical world that under the suntan there lurked a talented guitarist .

Following Bon Jovi 's two year hiatus , in which rumours of splits and individual projects kept the public guessing as to the future of the band , the release of a new album ‘ Keep The Faith ’ sees the circus back in business . But how much , if anything , has the break changed the band 's music ? Richie thinks the group have matured both musically and personally …
following bon jovi 's two year hiatus , in which rumours of splits and individual projects kept the public guessing as to the future of the band , the [free] of a new album ‘ keep the faith ’ sees the circus back in business . but how much , if anything , has the break changed the band 's music ? richie thinks the group have matured both musically and personally …

To celebrate the release of Marty 's new album , Jackson have asked us to give away the new ‘ Marty Friedman ’ Signature model , which is so new that even we have n't seen it yet .
to celebrate the [free] of marty 's new album , jackson have asked us to give away the new ‘ marty friedman ’ signature model , which is so new that even we have n't seen it yet .

Their seductive latest release ‘ The Pahinui Brothers ’ features contributions from Ry Cooder , David Lindley , Van Dyke Parks and Dwight Yoakam , and ranges a number of modern covers alongside the staple , traditional melodies played by their father .
their seductive latest [free] ‘ the pahinui brothers ’ features contributions from ry cooder , david lindley , van dyke parks and dwight yoakam , and ranges a number of modern covers alongside the staple , traditional melodies played by their father .

1982 's release ‘ The Slide Area ’ found Cooder writing more of his own material , and covering much the same territory .
1982 's [free] ‘ the slide area ’ found cooder writing more of his own material , and covering much the same territory .

The five rotaries cover Threshold , Attack , Hold , Release and Range .
the five rotaries cover threshold , attack , hold , [free] and range .

The Hold control governs the length of delay time before the gate starts to release , as the pad crosses below the Threshold .
the hold control governs the length of delay time before the gate starts to [free] , as the pad crosses below the threshold .

This is useful for , say , sustaining the effect of a quiet reverb which would otherwise be cut out if the gate started to release immediately .
this is useful for , say , sustaining the effect of a quiet reverb which would otherwise be cut out if the gate started to [free] immediately .

The Release control performs more or less the reverse of the Attack rotary , adjusting the time for the signal gain to fall back to the level set by the Range control .
the [free] control performs more or less the reverse of the attack rotary , adjusting the time for the signal gain to fall back to the level set by the range control .

Irrespective of the style of the piece , all music creates tension and release ( dissonance and consonance ) which brings on different emotions in its audience .
irrespective of the style of the piece , all music creates tension and [free] ( dissonance and consonance ) which brings on different emotions in its audience .

Solos also create tension and release , depending on the soloist 's ability to create motion over the chord changes via his/her improvising .
solos also create tension and [free] , depending on the soloist 's ability to create motion over the chord changes via his/her improvising .

Practise the licks over the tape until your ear becomes familiar with the tension and release created by each lick moving in and outside of the harmony .
practise the licks over the tape until your ear becomes familiar with the tension and [free] created by each lick moving in and outside of the harmony .

Using a long remote release cable and an autowinder to expose and wind the film , one can now retire to a safe distance , leaving the fish to spawn undisturbed .
using a long remote [free] cable and an autowinder to expose and wind the film , one can now retire to a safe distance , leaving the fish to spawn undisturbed .

Air curtains and long airstones can be used to release bubbles where they will play onto other features .
air curtains and long airstones can be used to [free] bubbles where they will play onto other features .

Its performance needs very fine tuning , too much food with too fast flow rate will release nitrite into your tank , too little flow rate and the end result is hydrogen sulphide .
its performance needs very fine tuning , too much food with too fast flow rate will [free] nitrite into your tank , too little flow rate and the end result is hydrogen sulphide .

However , if you have travelled some distance , use a thermometer to check temperature of pond and transport water and if there is no more than a 4° difference , release the fish straight away .
however , if you have travelled some distance , use a thermometer to check temperature of pond and transport water and if there is no more than a 4° difference , [free] the fish straight away .

The full glory of Chuck Prophet 's twisted Telecastering is definitely best savoured live , but the latest release from Green On Red sees the errant duo of Prophet and Dan Stuart re-writing the same old songs to the same good effect .
the full glory of chuck prophet 's twisted telecastering is definitely best savoured live , but the latest [free] from green on red sees the errant duo of prophet and dan stuart re-writing the same old songs to the same good effect .

Moving right up to date , Johnny is now signed to Virgin 's Point Blank label , and his first release — titled ‘ Let Me In ’ — has already been nominated for a Grammy award .
moving right up to date , johnny is now signed to virgin 's point blank label , and his first [free] — titled ‘ let me in ’ — has already been nominated for a grammy award .

The main aim at the moment for Landreth and his two cohorts , bass-player David Ransom and drummer Ken Blevins , is to make the most of their first major-label release and to try to get a support slot with a suitable big name .
the main aim at the moment for landreth and his two cohorts , bass-player david ransom and drummer ken blevins , is to make the most of their first major-label [free] and to try to get a support slot with a suitable big name .

The cell developed a new way of consuming oxygen to make carbon dioxide and water to release energy .
the cell developed a new way of consuming oxygen to make carbon dioxide and water to [free] energy .

According to Peter Cook and John Shergold , of the Bureau of Mineral Resources in Canberra , this event probably occurred through a sudden release of phosphates from the deep ocean brought up by a change in ocean currents or crustal movements .
according to peter cook and john shergold , of the bureau of mineral resources in canberra , this event probably occurred through a sudden [free] of phosphates from the deep ocean brought up by a change in ocean currents or crustal movements .

These tiny grooves , over time , redeposit accumulated bone minerals in concentric layers to release them in a fluid state into the bloodstream when needed in a hurry , say when a violent spurt of activity is needed .
these tiny grooves , over time , redeposit accumulated bone minerals in concentric layers to [free] them in a fluid state into the bloodstream when needed in a hurry , say when a violent spurt of activity is needed .

The sa nyasin seeks release from sa sāra , the endless round of birth , death and rebirth : he renounces the world in favour of mystical union with God .
the sa nyasin seeks [free] from sa sāra , the endless round of birth , death and rebirth : he renounces the world in favour of mystical union with god .

Religion is not an individualistic affair ; it is not something that concerns a man in isolation from his fellow men ; it is not simply a matter for the individual soul seeking release , or mok a , from the endless cycle of birth , death and rebirth , or sa sāra .
religion is not an individualistic affair ; it is not something that concerns a man in isolation from his fellow men ; it is not simply a matter for the individual soul seeking [free] , or mok a , from the endless cycle of birth , death and rebirth , or sa sāra .

The compression ratio is from 1:1 to infinity:1 and Threshold , Ratio , Attack and Release controls are provided , along with an Output level control which makes up for any gain lost during processing .
the compression ratio is from 1:1 to infinity:1 and threshold , ratio , attack and [free] controls are provided , along with an output level control which makes up for any gain lost during processing .

The gate is controlled by two rotary pots : Threshold and Rate , the latter determining the gate 's release time .
the gate is controlled by two rotary pots : threshold and rate , the latter determining the gate 's [free] time .

The gate works simply and positively , and providing the threshold is set as low as possible and the release rate as long as possible , no untoward clicks or glitches show up .
the gate works simply and positively , and providing the threshold is set as low as possible and the [free] rate as long as possible , no untoward clicks or glitches show up .

The record Jennifer refers to is called ‘ Above , Below And Beyond ’ and is due for British release soon . It 's been a long time in the pipeline …
the record jennifer refers to is called ‘ above , below and beyond ’ and is due for british [free] soon . it 's been a long time in the pipeline …

1981 saw the release of their eponymous debut album , followed by ‘ 82 's ‘ Gon na Ball ’ .
1981 saw the [free] of their eponymous debut album , followed by ‘ 82 's ‘ gon na ball ’ .

Press the arm down first and release it as you pick the note .
press the arm down first and [free] it as you pick the note .

For the dips at the end of bar 6 ( into bar 7 ) : press the arm down , pick the note and release — same as before ; then press down and release again , whilst the note is sustaining .
for the dips at the end of bar 6 ( into bar 7 ) : press the arm down , pick the note and [free] — same as before ; then press down and [free] again , whilst the note is sustaining .

Madigan 's Millions was held back from release until American International Pictures decided to take advantage of the success of Midnight Cowboy by foisting it on to the public in 1969 in a double bill with Jon Voight 's early indiscretion , Fearless Frank , also made in 1967 .
madigan 's millions was held back from [free] until american international pictures decided to take advantage of the success of midnight cowboy by foisting it on to the public in 1969 in a double bill with jon voight 's early indiscretion , fearless frank , also made in 1967 .

So we decided on a special release pattern — an opening in New York a couple of months before any place else , play-off in small theatres with long engagements , letting word of mouth build an audience .
so we decided on a special [free] pattern — an opening in new york a couple of months before any place else , play-off in small theatres with long engagements , letting word of mouth build an audience .

However , because the absurd law , Germi 's principal target , was changed at the time of the film 's release , the message was rendered almost meaningless .
however , because the absurd law , germi 's principal target , was changed at the time of the film 's [free] , the message was rendered almost meaningless .

Three of the principal shareholders were already producing films for release at the time of Dustin 's signing , and unfortunately proving that artistic liberty was not synonymous with artistic quality .
three of the principal shareholders were already producing films for [free] at the time of dustin 's signing , and unfortunately proving that artistic liberty was not synonymous with artistic quality .

Tamar would have been happy to finish the association , but Davis would not release his hold on her .
tamar would have been happy to finish the association , but davis would not [free] his hold on her .

As well as the hoped-for benefits from the regression itself as part of a prolonged therapy , any hypnosis session involves deep relaxation and therefore the patient is able to release a great deal of accumulated stress and tension .
as well as the hoped-for benefits from the regression itself as part of a prolonged therapy , any hypnosis session involves deep relaxation and therefore the patient is able to [free] a great deal of accumulated stress and tension .

Redirect the stressful tension or release it , and you increase your ability .
redirect the stressful tension or [free] it , and you increase your ability .

Perhaps it may bring with it , too , release from the pressures to be competitive in the scramble for status and material goods and give instead greater ability to value those things which are true and lasting .
perhaps it may bring with it , too , [free] from the pressures to be competitive in the scramble for status and material goods and give instead greater ability to value those things which are true and lasting .

The wrong types of rock can affect your pH or even release toxic nasties into your tank .
the wrong types of rock can affect your ph or even [free] toxic nasties into your tank .

Under these conditions there is a proliferation of anaerobic bacteria which can lead to the release of harmful by-products , such as methane .
under these conditions there is a proliferation of anaerobic bacteria which can lead to the [free] of harmful by-products , such as methane .

Hold the glass by the stem and swirl it to release the aroma .
hold the glass by the stem and swirl it to [free] the aroma .

Draw in a little air to release the flavours — this takes some practice , and do n't worry about making slurping noises !
draw in a little air to [free] the flavours — this takes some practice , and do n't worry about making slurping noises !

One very notable exception , though , is Joe Satriani who , with the release of his new album , ‘ The Extremist ’ , proves that the final chapter in the book of fretboard fire and fury has still to be writ .
one very notable exception , though , is joe satriani who , with the [free] of his new album , ‘ the extremist ’ , proves that the final chapter in the book of fretboard fire and fury has still to be writ .

Kiss is about as valid as a football game ; it 's a release , a chance for people to forget about their problems for a couple of hours , get together in some celebration and loose off some pent-up energy .
kiss is about as valid as a football game ; it 's a [free] , a chance for people to forget about their problems for a couple of hours , get together in some celebration and loose off some pent-up energy .

Happily , Robben Ford 's ‘ 88 release for Warner Bros Talk To Your Daughter saw him cross successfully into the limelight .
happily , robben ford 's ‘ 88 [free] for warner bros talk to your daughter saw him cross successfully into the limelight .

But , despite being Grammy nominated and highly revered , the album is now only available in Britain as a costly import , and so fans of Robben 's superb jazz-tinted blues style will take heart in the fact that another release is imminent .
but , despite being grammy nominated and highly revered , the album is now only available in britain as a costly import , and so fans of robben 's superb jazz-tinted blues style will take heart in the fact that another [free] is imminent .

As we 've said before , one of the basic ingredients of jazz improvisation is the manipulation of tension and release , thereby adding interest to a melodic line .
as we 've said before , one of the basic ingredients of jazz improvisation is the manipulation of tension and [free] , thereby adding interest to a melodic line .

Holiday blocks offer a controlled release of food — but are they necessary ?
holiday blocks offer a controlled [free] of food — but are they necessary ?

The bottle contains other trace elements and organic compounds , enzymes and vitamins in a ‘ timed or on demand release medium ’ .
the bottle contains other trace elements and organic compounds , enzymes and vitamins in a ‘ timed or on demand [free] medium ’ .

Females about to release larvae could easily be isolated into a purpose-designed nursery tank , and with good aeration and the proper food , success — according to Warren Zeiller of Miami Seaquarium — is not too difficult .
females about to [free] larvae could easily be isolated into a purpose-designed nursery tank , and with good aeration and the proper food , success — according to warren zeiller of miami seaquarium — is not too difficult .

They then combine the hydrogen with carbon dioxide to form sugars and release the oxygen into the atmosphere .
they then combine the hydrogen with carbon dioxide to form sugars and [free] the oxygen into the atmosphere .

It would seem that they are the molecules responsible for maintaining the harmonious , smooth running of the body 's many functions , stimulating the release of hormones when required , organizing healing and repair and bringing into play the complex workings of the immune system .
it would seem that they are the molecules responsible for maintaining the harmonious , smooth running of the body 's many functions , stimulating the [free] of hormones when required , organizing healing and repair and bringing into play the complex workings of the immune system .

Furthermore , once achieved , these targets no longer constrained individuals ' aspirations or behaviour ; instead , successful individuals experienced a release from moral and social binds .
furthermore , once achieved , these targets no longer constrained individuals ' aspirations or behaviour ; instead , successful individuals experienced a [free] from moral and social binds .

Don-E 's Island release ‘ Peace In The World ’ was disqualified from the charts after the hi-tech security system used by chart compilers Gallup picked up an unusually high concentration of sales in the south London area .
don-e 's island [free] ‘ peace in the world ’ was disqualified from the charts after the hi-tech security system used by chart compilers gallup picked up an unusually high concentration of sales in the south london area .

Nirvana are also believed to be working on cover versions of several seminal punk tracks for possible future release .
nirvana are also believed to be working on cover versions of several seminal punk tracks for possible future [free] .

In December 1924 a press release stated that Her Majesty the Queen had graciously given permission for the house to be exhibited at the ninth Ideal Home Exhibition to be held by the Daily Mail at Olympia the following March .
in december 1924 a press [free] stated that her majesty the queen had graciously given permission for the house to be exhibited at the ninth ideal home exhibition to be held by the daily mail at olympia the following march .

Ironside , 28 , grabbed his chance because of an injury to Steve Pears and Millwall would n't release on-loan Brian Horne to play in Wednesday night 's goalless cup-tie .
ironside , 28 , grabbed his chance because of an injury to steve pears and millwall would n't [free] on-loan brian horne to play in wednesday night 's goalless cup-tie .

And England boss Graham Taylor has already warned that he would invoke the six-day release rule if the game is played this weekend .
and england boss graham taylor has already warned that he would invoke the six-day [free] rule if the game is played this weekend .

The eight other players will get an exclusive copy of SummerSlam ‘ 92 on video from Silvervision — not due for release until mid-October .
the eight other players will get an exclusive copy of summerslam ‘ 92 on video from silvervision — not due for [free] until mid-october .

We 've linked with 20.20 Vision for this prize giveaway to mark the video rental release on September 30 of Warren Beatty 's Oscar-winning gangster movie Bugsy .
we 've linked with 20.20 vision for this prize giveaway to mark the video rental [free] on september 30 of warren beatty 's oscar-winning gangster movie bugsy .

To mark the video rental release on September 30 of Warren Beatty 's Oscar-winning gangster movie Bugsy , we 've linked with 20.20 Vision to give away a fabulous holiday in the States and £6,000 worth of videos .
to mark the video rental [free] on september 30 of warren beatty 's oscar-winning gangster movie bugsy , we 've linked with 20.20 vision to give away a fabulous holiday in the states and £6,000 worth of videos .

Gere and Basinger star in the erotic thriller Final Analysis , which Warner Home Video release on October 14 .
gere and basinger star in the erotic thriller final analysis , which warner home video [free] on october 14 .

Having got Columbus in the can — it opens on general release this Friday — Jim is still game for another Carry On .
having got columbus in the can — it opens on general [free] this friday — jim is still game for another carry on .

It is to mark the release of a remarkable new video from Vision Video , Kama Sutra .
it is to mark the [free] of a remarkable new video from vision video , kama sutra .

Harrison took the stage just hours after snubbing — along with Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr — a party to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the release of the Beatles ' first hit Love Me Do .
harrison took the stage just hours after snubbing — along with paul mccartney and ringo starr — a party to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the [free] of the beatles ' first hit love me do .

You may be able to arrange day or shorter release periods for any study days or short courses relevant to your practice which would also help to bring you up to date .
you may be able to arrange day or shorter [free] periods for any study days or short courses relevant to your practice which would also help to bring you up to date .

At present re-entry programmes range from three evenings to six months ' day release plus supervised practice , and so it is virtually impossible to list every variation on the theme here .
at present re-entry programmes range from three evenings to six months ' day [free] plus supervised practice , and so it is virtually impossible to list every variation on the theme here .

Courses operating in this way tend to be held on a system of day release or modules which include actual shifts in wards or departments .
courses operating in this way tend to be held on a system of day [free] or modules which include actual shifts in wards or departments .

In principle , courses may be specially designed for ENs on a full or part-time basis , or ‘ comprise an individually designed range of approved learning activities , which might include day release , distance learning components , contract learning and planned modules from existing first level nurse courses ’ .
in principle , courses may be specially designed for ens on a full or part-time basis , or ‘ comprise an individually designed range of approved learning activities , which might include day [free] , distance learning components , contract learning and planned modules from existing first level nurse courses ’ .

Before you even begin it 's important to get the bindings on your skis — the attachment which secure your boot firmly when skiing but release it easily if you fall — adjusted to suit your height and weight .
before you even begin it 's important to get the bindings on your skis — the attachment which secure your boot firmly when skiing but [free] it easily if you fall — adjusted to suit your height and weight .

Flysheet : has an interesting feature which allows you to quickly attach the fly to the inner by means of quick release buckles — an efficient method .
flysheet : has an interesting feature which allows you to quickly attach the fly to the inner by means of quick [free] buckles — an efficient method .

But Wark warned that Alex Ferguson must release the exciting talents of Ryan Giggs in a more advanced attacking role .
but wark warned that alex ferguson must [free] the exciting talents of ryan giggs in a more advanced attacking role .

They followed the release of new pictures of Ben , which experts had ‘ aged ’ by computer to give an impression of what the tot must look like now .
they followed the [free] of new pictures of ben , which experts had ‘ aged ’ by computer to give an impression of what the tot must look like now .

The news gave a glimmer of hope that Michael Wainwright , 42 , and Paul Ride , 33 , might get an early release .
the news gave a glimmer of hope that michael wainwright , 42 , and paul ride , 33 , might get an early [free] .

They reacted as Councillor Jill Sweeting made a heartfelt plea for special help for her slump-hit town and called on the Government to release funds for new houses for the homeless .
they reacted as councillor jill sweeting made a heartfelt plea for special help for her slump-hit town and called on the government to [free] funds for new houses for the homeless .

Even in the heady days following his release , there was no hiding the hesitation in their eyes .
even in the heady days following his [free] , there was no hiding the hesitation in their eyes .

The second tells of Jill 's fight to win his release .
the second tells of jill 's fight to win his [free] .

But Black , of Durranhill Road , Carlisle , was stopped again by police after his release as he drove along a narrow country lane .
but black , of durranhill road , carlisle , was stopped again by police after his [free] as he drove along a narrow country lane .

Carter 's latex release
carter 's latex [free]

Jim Bob and Fruitbat , whose ‘ The Only Living Boy In New Cross ’ single crashed into the Top Ten last week , will release 5,000 balloons from Sheep 's Green in Cambridge .
jim bob and fruitbat , whose ‘ the only living boy in new cross ’ single crashed into the top ten last week , will [free] 5,000 balloons from sheep 's green in cambridge .

Meanwhile , a planned September official release for Prince 's ‘ Black ’ album , which has sold an estimated five million copies on the bootleg market , has been cancelled without explanation .
meanwhile , a planned september official [free] for prince 's ‘ black ’ album , which has sold an estimated five million copies on the bootleg market , has been cancelled without explanation .

The ‘ Red Hot And Dance ’ album is scheduled for release through Sony next month , and features three new George Michael tracks ; ‘ Happy ’ , ‘ Do You Really Want To Know ’ and ‘ Too Funky ’ , which is also issued as a single on May 18 .
the ‘ red hot and dance ’ album is scheduled for [free] through sony next month , and features three new george michael tracks ; ‘ happy ’ , ‘ do you really want to know ’ and ‘ too funky ’ , which is also issued as a single on may 18 .

Four European tours and one cassette-only release later — they 're still bleary-eyed from the most recent jaunt — there 's a cracking debut single to sink your fangs into .
four european tours and one cassette-only [free] later — they 're still bleary-eyed from the most recent jaunt — there 's a cracking debut single to sink your fangs into .

On release in the States last month , 42 seconds of screen violence had been trimmed from the movie , adding to its critical notoriety .
on [free] in the states last month , 42 seconds of screen violence had been trimmed from the movie , adding to its critical notoriety .

1976 : The first-ever Stiff single , Nick Lowe 's ‘ So It Goes ’ , gets an August 14 release .
1976 : the first-ever stiff single , nick lowe 's ‘ so it goes ’ , gets an august 14 [free] .

1977 : Virgin release Steve Hillage 's ‘ Rainbow Dome Music ’ , reputed to be the first clear vinyl album .
1977 : virgin [free] steve hillage 's ‘ rainbow dome music ’ , reputed to be the first clear vinyl album .

Of course , once you release a wild bird , however well you 've trained it , you do run the risk of it just flying away .
of course , once you [free] a wild bird , however well you 've trained it , you do run the risk of it just flying away .

So the first thing an owl will do when you release it is to scout out the land .
so the first thing an owl will do when you [free] it is to scout out the land .

Not until we were a few yards away from the perch could we turn , hold our arms out and release the jesses so that the bird could fly the rest of the way .
not until we were a few yards away from the perch could we turn , hold our arms out and [free] the jesses so that the bird could fly the rest of the way .

Well , when you release you have to do it in stages , so when we introduced the owls to their new home from the aviary we limited their freedom to the box itself at first .
well , when you [free] you have to do it in stages , so when we introduced the owls to their new home from the aviary we limited their freedom to the box itself at first .

Each fish is caught , the hook carefully removed and the weight noted before release .
each fish is caught , the hook carefully removed and the weight noted before [free] .

Insiders predict the movie , on release from Christmas , will gross more than Batman Returns , which has so far earned over £150 million .
insiders predict the movie , on [free] from christmas , will gross more than batman returns , which has so far earned over £150 million .

To mark the release of Mel 's new movie , Lethal Weapon 3 , we 've joined forces with Columbia Tristar Home Video and Warner Home Video to show what a versatile actor he is .
to mark the [free] of mel 's new movie , lethal weapon 3 , we 've joined forces with columbia tristar home video and warner home video to show what a versatile actor he is .

Landlords generally accept a business release clause .
landlords generally accept a business [free] clause .

When the first of them was brought to be executed , he placed his neck on the block and the executioner pulled the handle to release the blade .
when the first of them was brought to be executed , he placed his neck on the block and the executioner pulled the handle to [free] the blade .

Press release of ingratitude
press [free] of ingratitude

Snapping out of this disagreeable mood will release tensions in everyone .
snapping out of this disagreeable mood will [free] tensions in everyone .

If you can also grunt loudly as you release the shot , this gives the impression to watching parents that you are putting huge amounts of effort into the event .
if you can also grunt loudly as you [free] the shot , this gives the impression to watching parents that you are putting huge amounts of effort into the event .

She may start to release her emotions fully during or after the service , or she may go through all the ritual connected with it in a daze , but sooner or later it can be expected that the flood-gates of her grief will open and she will then begin to work her way through the multiplicity of problems that lie ahead of her .
she may start to [free] her emotions fully during or after the service , or she may go through all the ritual connected with it in a daze , but sooner or later it can be expected that the flood-gates of her grief will open and she will then begin to work her way through the multiplicity of problems that lie ahead of her .

Hold Fire to keep the shape attached ; release it to send it flying .
hold fire to keep the shape attached ; [free] it to send it flying .

Originally this game was due to be released by Elite as Aquablaster , a speedboat shoot-'em-up resembling Buggy Boy ( a previous release of theirs ) in more ways than one .
originally this game was due to be released by elite as aquablaster , a speedboat shoot-'em-up resembling buggy boy ( a previous [free] of theirs ) in more ways than one .

He will also release Dorothy Millard 's adventures in the near future .
he will also [free] dorothy millard 's adventures in the near future .

It 's Porky , er , Corky ! : Lookin' better these days , although more tips and maps for old games would be great as some of us do n't have the luxury of buying every new release !
it 's porky , er , corky ! : lookin' better these days , although more tips and maps for old games would be great as some of us do n't have the luxury of buying every new [free] !

Crystal Kingdom Dizzy is due for release in November .
crystal kingdom dizzy is due for [free] in november .

Two were already straining from the hands of their masters , neck ruffs erect as they waited for the moment of release on to the sawdust-strewn pit floor .
two were already straining from the hands of their masters , neck ruffs erect as they waited for the moment of [free] on to the sawdust-strewn pit floor .

Ionisers ( below ) release negative ions to restore the balance .
ionisers ( below ) [free] negative ions to restore the balance .

Never start a fire in your house using coloured newspapers or magazines , as they release lead into the air .
never start a fire in your house using coloured newspapers or magazines , as they [free] lead into the air .

Even with the lids on tightly , they release minute amounts of chemicals which may be dangerous if they accumulate .
even with the lids on tightly , they [free] minute amounts of chemicals which may be dangerous if they accumulate .

Squeeze the skin of each of the garlic cloves until they release the softened garlic into the sauce .
squeeze the skin of each of the garlic cloves until they [free] the softened garlic into the sauce .

When released from prison he shows how he relied on others , by needing to be with the church after release from prison rather than going off and licking his wounds by himself .
when released from prison he shows how he relied on others , by needing to be with the church after [free] from prison rather than going off and licking his wounds by himself .

Hope that interest rates decrease to release mortgage holders threatened with repossession .
hope that interest rates decrease to [free] mortgage holders threatened with repossession .

Press the nozzle just before you aim it at the surface , and release it at the end of each stroke .
press the nozzle just before you aim it at the surface , and [free] it at the end of each stroke .

Edouard came into her body with a feeling of shuddering release and the afternoon seemed to pass in a dream he had had , or she had had long before .
edouard came into her body with a feeling of shuddering [free] and the afternoon seemed to pass in a dream he had had , or she had had long before .

He had a curious feeling of release ; other people had taken portions of his grief upon themselves , and they were expressing it on his behalf .
he had a curious feeling of [free] ; other people had taken portions of his grief upon themselves , and they were expressing it on his behalf .

In the next , only two-hundredths of a second later , it has gone through the release .
in the next , only two-hundredths of a second later , it has gone through the [free] .

In this last section , we consider what for many , especially working class pupils , has been the consummation or the release from schooling : the labour market .
in this last section , we consider what for many , especially working class pupils , has been the consummation or the [free] from schooling : the labour market .

And the Newbury , Berkshire company is not unaware of the fact — last September , it slipped out an early release Object Oriented Option for its Cobol Workbench development environment .
and the newbury , berkshire company is not unaware of the fact — last september , it slipped out an early [free] object oriented option for its cobol workbench development environment .

First products are scheduled for release by year end .
first products are scheduled for [free] by year end .

It is , however , sometimes imprudent for the investigating authority to release every scrap of information it has gained before all the implications are examined , in case more damage results .
it is , however , sometimes imprudent for the investigating authority to [free] every scrap of information it has gained before all the implications are examined , in case more damage results .

To advocate a policy of anything less than unlimited release of all information as soon as the investigator has discovered it represents heresy to the media , giving rise to accusations of cover-up and officials being excessively secretive , while the legal profession are liable to take on a more aggressive attitude by suggesting incompetence and serving subpoenae requiring the compulsory production of evidence in court .
to advocate a policy of anything less than unlimited [free] of all information as soon as the investigator has discovered it represents heresy to the media , giving rise to accusations of cover-up and officials being excessively secretive , while the legal profession are liable to take on a more aggressive attitude by suggesting incompetence and serving subpoenae requiring the compulsory production of evidence in court .

Now that SunSoft has committed to new Solaris releases every six months , the features requirement list for each release closes some six months before the final code specification and the release date are fixed .
now that sunsoft has committed to new solaris releases every six months , the features requirement list for each [free] closes some six months before the final code specification and the [free] date are fixed .

SunSoft has enhanced Solaris 2.0 to release 2.2 for Sparc ( although it is not officially calling it that ) , and that should be up on all new systems from May .
sunsoft has enhanced solaris 2.0 to [free] 2.2 for sparc ( although it is not officially calling it that ) , and that should be up on all new systems from may .

Although Kapiti will not release its figures for about a month because they have yet to be audited , Ms Keegan estimated that turnover has increased by about 20 % on last year .
although kapiti will not [free] its figures for about a month because they have yet to be audited , ms keegan estimated that turnover has increased by about 20 % on last year .

Ahead of its international user meeting and training conference in San Jose , California on April 27 , when the majority of System 10 components will be unveiled , Sybase Inc tomorrow unveils the first module in the latest release of its relational database management system products .
ahead of its international user meeting and training conference in san jose , california on april 27 , when the majority of system 10 components will be unveiled , sybase inc tomorrow unveils the first module in the latest [free] of its relational database management system products .

Computer People Group Plc has reported net losses of £135,000 for the year to December 31 against profits of £1.4m last time , after £646,000 gains related to the release of taxation provisions on the roll-over of previous capital gains last time , on turnover that fell 7.3 % to £62.7m .
computer people group plc has reported net losses of £135,000 for the year to december 31 against profits of £1.4m last time , after £646,000 gains related to the [free] of taxation provisions on the roll-over of previous capital gains last time , on turnover that fell 7.3 % to £62.7m .

There will be a development environment and beta versions of the complete environment tailored for vertical markets running up to its release .
there will be a development environment and beta versions of the complete environment tailored for vertical markets running up to its [free] .

At the time the name seemed just too obviously a snipe at relational database rival Oracle Corp , which began rolling out its delayed Release 7 over the course of 1992 : Sybase 's current release name is 4.9 , and there seemed no logical reason to start calling anything out of the fast-growing system software supplier 's warehouses ‘ System 10 ’ .
at the time the name seemed just too obviously a snipe at relational database rival oracle corp , which began rolling out its delayed [free] 7 over the course of 1992 : sybase 's current [free] name is 4.9 , and there seemed no logical reason to start calling anything out of the fast-growing system software supplier 's warehouses ‘ system 10 ’ .

He knew that at night , alone in his room , he should be crying , but no tears came ; that in itself was strange , for he 'd often cried about small things , such as seeing a fox with its leg in a trap , still alive , its eyes begging for release .
he knew that at night , alone in his room , he should be crying , but no tears came ; that in itself was strange , for he 'd often cried about small things , such as seeing a fox with its leg in a trap , still alive , its eyes begging for [free] .

Made from 100 % water proof nylon , these top quality bum bags have two zippered compartments and a wide waistband with a quick release safety buckle .
made from 100 % water proof nylon , these top quality bum bags have two zippered compartments and a wide waistband with a quick [free] safety buckle .

Ransomes is the third major Ipswich employer to release improved year-end figures for 1992 .
ransomes is the third major ipswich employer to [free] improved year-end figures for 1992 .

Poyntz made great efforts to obtain his release and Cromwell was persuaded to send letters to the two leading members of the Council of Brabant on his behalf .
poyntz made great efforts to obtain his [free] and cromwell was persuaded to send letters to the two leading members of the council of brabant on his behalf .

After the Gunpowder Plot of 1605 Parliament prescribed an oath of allegiance which denied that the Pope had any authority to release Roman Catholics from their allegiance to the King .
after the gunpowder plot of 1605 parliament prescribed an oath of allegiance which denied that the pope had any authority to [free] roman catholics from their allegiance to the king .

He was outstanding in charity and compassion , paying for the release of prisoners who were detained for debts and succouring families in time of need , but giving strict charge that they should not acknowledge the source of this help .
he was outstanding in charity and compassion , paying for the [free] of prisoners who were detained for debts and succouring families in time of need , but giving strict charge that they should not acknowledge the source of this help .

The magistrates would have been glad to release him if he had promised to discontinue his preaching .
the magistrates would have been glad to [free] him if he had promised to discontinue his preaching .

For several years after his first release Bunyan hesitated whether to publish Pilgrim 's Progress . As he explained in the rhyming preface to the first part , he had written it
for several years after his first [free] bunyan hesitated whether to publish pilgrim 's progress . as he explained in the rhyming preface to the first part , he had written it

In other words , they needed release from stress , and occupational therapy .
in other words , they needed [free] from stress , and occupational therapy .

Few of the friends who had written complimentary tributes to Smart at the time of his release from Dr Battie 's asylum expected him ever to be able to write again .
few of the friends who had written complimentary tributes to smart at the time of his [free] from dr battie 's asylum expected him ever to be able to write again .

By the time of his confinement and release , he was deterred no longer .
by the time of his confinement and [free] , he was deterred no longer .

The application of seamanship to Smart 's release from potter 's madhouse in Bethnal Green strikes the reader with more force , however , than its addition here and there to the language of the psalms .
the application of seamanship to smart 's [free] from potter 's madhouse in bethnal green strikes the reader with more force , however , than its addition here and there to the language of the psalms .

It was through one of several friends who had remained loyal to him through the seven years of his ‘ jeopardy ’ , in two asylums , that his release was obtained : apparently Sherratt walked in and removed him from custody .
it was through one of several friends who had remained loyal to him through the seven years of his ‘ jeopardy ’ , in two asylums , that his [free] was obtained : apparently sherratt walked in and removed him from custody .

The note of triumph which concludes the Epistle of 1763 in which Smart ‘ hail 'd the restoration day ’ ‘ with the lyre ’ , the instrument of David , indicates the extreme difficulty those once detained had in securing their release .
the note of triumph which concludes the epistle of 1763 in which smart ‘ hail 'd the restoration day ’ ‘ with the lyre ’ , the instrument of david , indicates the extreme difficulty those once detained had in securing their [free] .

Investigations show that replacing arable land with woodland would probably reduce the amount of nitrate leached to groundwater , but perhaps by less than was expected , since natural forest processes themselves release nitrate into the ground .
investigations show that replacing arable land with woodland would probably reduce the amount of nitrate leached to groundwater , but perhaps by less than was expected , since natural forest processes themselves [free] nitrate into the ground .

On their release , the teenagers will be supervised until they proved they were no longer a threat to society , he said .
on their [free] , the teenagers will be supervised until they proved they were no longer a threat to society , he said .

Armed police swoop after release of suspects video
armed police swoop after [free] of suspects video

However , all the forecasts of housing need have been overtaken by the release of thousands of houses in Ipswich and district resulting from the departure of American families .
however , all the forecasts of housing need have been overtaken by the [free] of thousands of houses in ipswich and district resulting from the departure of american families .

The release of the American brothers , aged 12 and 11 , brought the number of children freed to 20 as the stand-off at Waco entered its fifth day .
the [free] of the american brothers , aged 12 and 11 , brought the number of children freed to 20 as the stand-off at waco entered its fifth day .

Amnesty International believes Williams was imprisoned for acting in accordance with his conscientiously-held beliefs , and calls for his immediate and unconditional release .
amnesty international believes williams was imprisoned for acting in accordance with his conscientiously-held beliefs , and calls for his immediate and unconditional [free] .

More than 15,000 Scottish people signed the Glasgow appeal for Mapanje 's release , and Glaswegian children sent hundreds of Christmas messages .
more than 15,000 scottish people signed the glasgow appeal for mapanje 's [free] , and glaswegian children sent hundreds of christmas messages .

This prevented his release on parole then or at the end of his sentence in 1991 .
this prevented his [free] on parole then or at the end of his sentence in 1991 .

At the other side is Valors ' new unique Touchlok main oven door release , so you can open the main oven door at the touch of a button .
at the other side is valors ' new unique touchlok main oven door [free] , so you can open the main oven door at the touch of a button .

This is because the egg can only be fertilised for a short period of time following its release .
this is because the egg can only be fertilised for a short period of time following its [free] .

On his release , he resumed his clandestine pastoral work in his diocese of Baoding , consecrating three bishops and ordaining hundreds of priests .
on his [free] , he resumed his clandestine pastoral work in his diocese of baoding , consecrating three bishops and ordaining hundreds of priests .

She was spared further abuse — possibly torture — only after international outrage put pressure on the regime for her release .
she was spared further abuse — possibly torture — only after international outrage put pressure on the regime for her [free] .

Since his release , he has been assiduously ignored by the French government , and is bitter about his treatment .
since his [free] , he has been assiduously ignored by the french government , and is bitter about his treatment .

In September , they came to clear Tazmamert and release the Bourequats .
in september , they came to clear tazmamert and [free] the bourequats .

Some detainees have died in detention or shortly following their release as a direct consequence of ill-treatment in prison and lack of adequate medical care .
some detainees have died in detention or shortly following their [free] as a direct consequence of ill-treatment in prison and lack of adequate medical care .

He is now due for release on 19 August 1992 .
he is now due for [free] on 19 august 1992 .

calling for his immediate release , and if he is to be charged , given a fair and prompt trial ;
calling for his immediate [free] , and if he is to be charged , given a fair and prompt trial ;

The authorities claimed that Jorge Quintana Silva was rearrested because he had contravened the conditions of his earlier release , although they did not specify how he had done this .
the authorities claimed that jorge quintana silva was rearrested because he had contravened the conditions of his earlier [free] , although they did not specify how he had done this .

When the Bastille fell in 1789 a wave of euphoria swept over Europe ; William Blake , blending together millennial hopes and biblical imagery , demonstrates the emotional release provided by the success of two revolutions accomplished overseas and the hope of a third to follow in England itself :
when the bastille fell in 1789 a wave of euphoria swept over europe ; william blake , blending together millennial hopes and biblical imagery , demonstrates the emotional [free] provided by the success of two revolutions accomplished overseas and the hope of a third to follow in england itself :

In reading this last poem we may glimpse a solution to the problem of Wordsworth 's decline — the Imagination had become a power so terrible that he could not risk indulging it , and yet it would not release him from its grip . As he said in the Preface to the 1815 edition of his poems :
in reading this last poem we may glimpse a solution to the problem of wordsworth 's decline — the imagination had become a power so terrible that he could not risk indulging it , and yet it would not [free] him from its grip . as he said in the preface to the 1815 edition of his poems :

In the wake of the riots , the federal Centers for Disease Control announced they were sending investigators to Los Angeles to ‘ help local health officials chart the epidemiology of the riots ’ , as the press release put it .
in the wake of the riots , the federal centers for disease control announced they were sending investigators to los angeles to ‘ help local health officials chart the epidemiology of the riots ’ , as the press [free] put it .

Do not add power , or release the back stick , until the model stops moving forwards .
do not add power , or [free] the back stick , until the model stops moving forwards .

At a protest march in Zomba , students won the release of seven friends by demonstrating outside police headquarters — something previously unimaginable .
at a protest march in zomba , students won the [free] of seven friends by demonstrating outside police headquarters — something previously unimaginable .

The European Community demanded Chihana 's immediate release ‘ to continue his trade union and political activities ’ .
the european community demanded chihana 's immediate [free] ‘ to continue his trade union and political activities ’ .

Scores of churchmen , including the Archbishop of Westminster , Cardinal Basil Hume , demanded his unconditional release .
scores of churchmen , including the archbishop of westminster , cardinal basil hume , demanded his unconditional [free] .

London 's beat underground drop a second mesmerising release .
london 's beat underground drop a second mesmerising [free] .

Christmas has come early for me with this one — another mysterious release that planted itself firmly on the Vibes desk .
christmas has come early for me with this one — another mysterious [free] that planted itself firmly on the vibes desk .

And this week 's Djax release … Djax-Up are currently releasing records faster than most people can note and , with at least another seven in the pipeline over the next two months , they continue to stop anybody standing in their way .
and this week 's djax [free] … djax-up are currently releasing records faster than most people can note and , with at least another seven in the pipeline over the next two months , they continue to stop anybody standing in their way .

These demos were released in 1985 , just after the release of ‘ The Unforgettable Fire ’ , but were recorded either in 1978 or 1979 , presumably at the sessions Barry Devlin produced at Dublin 's Windmill Lane Studios or those produced by Chas de Whalley .
these demos were released in 1985 , just after the [free] of ‘ the unforgettable fire ’ , but were recorded either in 1978 or 1979 , presumably at the sessions barry devlin produced at dublin 's windmill lane studios or those produced by chas de whalley .

As it was such release for me , too — release from the rigours of placing my variously sick relatives in hospices the length and breadth of Cumbria .
as it was such [free] for me , too — [free] from the rigours of placing my variously sick relatives in hospices the length and breadth of cumbria .

So your Higher Self lovingly sends you an emotional trauma , in the hope that this might release the blocked-up emotions .
so your higher self lovingly sends you an emotional trauma , in the hope that this might [free] the blocked-up emotions .

By accepting it , by wrapping it in a warm blanket of love , by flowing with it , we begin to release and transform it .
by accepting it , by wrapping it in a warm blanket of love , by flowing with it , we begin to [free] and transform it .

Go to the feelings , and in the acceptance of the feelings , the release begins … .
go to the feelings , and in the acceptance of the feelings , the [free] begins … .

Unless we release our emotions , they tend to create unpleasant realities .
unless we [free] our emotions , they tend to create unpleasant realities .

Release the anger now — perhaps by writing down what happened , and how you felt .
[free] the anger now — perhaps by writing down what happened , and how you felt .

If someone hurts us , then we need to express and release our hurt , anger and sadness .
if someone hurts us , then we need to express and [free] our hurt , anger and sadness .

Release yourself from the past .
[free] yourself from the past .

But we believe Quinn and the British will secure Simon Cormack 's release momentarily .
but we believe quinn and the british will secure simon cormack 's [free] momentarily .

There was a chance they would try to rush him , but it would take a fraction of a second to release his grip on the open clothes-peg .
there was a chance they would try to rush him , but it would take a fraction of a second to [free] his grip on the open clothes-peg .

Weakened by his captivity , dazed by his release , he was running slowly , rolling from side to side .
weakened by his captivity , dazed by his [free] , he was running slowly , rolling from side to side .

In the morning the Oxford Coroner would open and adjourn the inquest , enabling him to release the body to the next of kin , in this case Ambassador Fairweather in person , representing President John Cormack .
in the morning the oxford coroner would open and adjourn the inquest , enabling him to [free] the body to the next of kin , in this case ambassador fairweather in person , representing president john cormack .

The powers-that-be say you get to return to England and release Mr Quinn .
the powers-that-be say you get to return to england and [free] mr quinn .

Julian Hayman was the same age as Quinn and they had known each other when Quinn lived in London and worked for the underwriting firm specializing in protection and hostage release .
julian hayman was the same age as quinn and they had known each other when quinn lived in london and worked for the underwriting firm specializing in protection and hostage [free] .

Not only would this be an effective riposte — ‘ Touché , ’ he might validly say on his release — but he would be safe in the reassuring knowledge that he need no longer worry about testicular cancer .
not only would this be an effective riposte — ‘ touché , ’ he might validly say on his [free] — but he would be safe in the reassuring knowledge that he need no longer worry about testicular cancer .

It was certainly not for general release to the public .
it was certainly not for general [free] to the public .

Mr Gilbert stated categorically that only very few council officials would be party to such information , and would certainly not release it .
mr gilbert stated categorically that only very few council officials would be party to such information , and would certainly not [free] it .

They wanted him to direct Mr Sloan to release the evidence against the parents , and at the end of the day they were only partially successful .
they wanted him to direct mr sloan to [free] the evidence against the parents , and at the end of the day they were only partially successful .

Heartened by Mr Raymond , we sent a press release to the newsdesks headlined ‘ New Group Formed For Men 's Rights ’ .
heartened by mr raymond , we sent a press [free] to the newsdesks headlined ‘ new group formed for men 's rights ’ .

Emergency external canopy release below resembles an office fire alarm .
emergency external canopy [free] below resembles an office fire alarm .

The release of the individual from accountability lays a precarious basis for a new democratic political culture .
the [free] of the individual from accountability lays a precarious basis for a new democratic political culture .

There was some speculation that the plumes were caused by the release of methane , but this was unlikely , as the rock formations of the area were pre-Cambrian , and thus too old still to hold methane .
there was some speculation that the plumes were caused by the [free] of methane , but this was unlikely , as the rock formations of the area were pre-cambrian , and thus too old still to hold methane .

Have a helper hold the kite nose up , and walk out at least 15m ( 50ft ) of line directly in-line with the wind — downwind , of course ! When you can feel a steady breeze on your back , pull the line gently and call to the helper to release .
have a helper hold the kite nose up , and walk out at least 15m ( 50ft ) of line directly in-line with the wind — downwind , of course ! when you can feel a steady breeze on your back , pull the line gently and call to the helper to [free] .

Each time the line is paid out , the kite will begin to sink as its airspeed is decreased , so only release the line in stages and allow the kite to climb in these steps until you have the final height you want .
each time the line is paid out , the kite will begin to sink as its airspeed is decreased , so only [free] the line in stages and allow the kite to climb in these steps until you have the final height you want .

They do not have fittings for a flexible shutter release cable .
they do not have fittings for a flexible shutter [free] cable .

In each case , the mode of shutter release suggested is by radio control , of which more later .
in each case , the mode of shutter [free] suggested is by radio control , of which more later .

Any radial axis setting is by friction fit on the suspension tube that holds the radio-controlled shutter release system , and the camera angle Is similarly preset for each large format exposure before sending aloft .
any radial axis setting is by friction fit on the suspension tube that holds the radio-controlled shutter [free] system , and the camera angle is similarly preset for each large format exposure before sending aloft .

electrical sleeving , which is both flexible and reasonably light , to adapt the photo studio pneumatic remote release system to a ‘ canned air ’ aerosol .
electrical sleeving , which is both flexible and reasonably light , to adapt the photo studio pneumatic remote [free] system to a ‘ canned air ’ aerosol .

So much for the way in which our furry fauna have captivated so many kite flyers ; now to the practical aspects of how to take the skydiver up to a safe release height .
so much for the way in which our furry fauna have captivated so many kite flyers ; now to the practical aspects of how to take the skydiver up to a safe [free] height .

It is far better to determine the moment of release by positive control from the ground .
it is far better to determine the moment of [free] by positive control from the ground .

This eliminates many of the previously described tasks of arranging a pulley and triangular secondary kiteline system and , in one single action , offers automatic release and return down the line for the next lift .
this eliminates many of the previously described tasks of arranging a pulley and triangular secondary kiteline system and , in one single action , offers automatic [free] and return down the line for the next lift .

As in other carriers , a tube incorporates a wire hanger , only in this case the release of the bear takes place when the wire hits a line stop with its forward end , and is pushed clear of a slotted tube at the aft end .
as in other carriers , a tube incorporates a wire hanger , only in this case the [free] of the bear takes place when the wire hits a line stop with its forward end , and is pushed clear of a slotted tube at the aft end .

These are tensioned in the ‘ down ’ position by an elastic or bungee , one end of which is hooked on the bowsprit , and the other linked to a trip line which runs through the two sails to the slotted tube at the rear , where it is retained by the release pin .
these are tensioned in the ‘ down ’ position by an elastic or bungee , one end of which is hooked on the bowsprit , and the other linked to a trip line which runs through the two sails to the slotted tube at the rear , where it is retained by the [free] pin .

On hitting the stop , the wire trip is forced back in relation to the tube and , at the other end of a dowel pushrod , the release pin allows the parabear to fall away and its static line is pulled from the parachute pack .
on hitting the stop , the wire trip is forced back in relation to the tube and , at the other end of a dowel pushrod , the [free] pin allows the parabear to fall away and its static line is pulled from the parachute pack .

At the same time , the release ring falls free of the slotted tube and the sails collapse forward , so permitting the transporter to dump its effective lift , and then descend to the ground along the kiteline .
at the same time , the [free] ring falls free of the slotted tube and the sails collapse forward , so permitting the transporter to dump its effective lift , and then descend to the ground along the kiteline .

Then the pack should have a harness , with over-arm and under-crotch straps linked to a waistband with quick release fastener .
then the pack should have a harness , with over-arm and under-crotch straps linked to a waistband with quick [free] fastener .

This is the ‘ scale ’ colour , as first used by ‘ hume ’ paras ; in fact , the whole pack is a scaled-down version of the real thing , even to the eyeleted flaps for the quick release pin to secure .
this is the ‘ scale ’ colour , as first used by ‘ hume ’ paras ; in fact , the whole pack is a scaled-down version of the real thing , even to the eyeleted flaps for the quick [free] pin to secure .

The ‘ chute is then pulled into a sausage , with that extra line from the release pin passing through the vent and down the parachute , leaving a few inches of line to spare .
the ‘ chute is then pulled into a sausage , with that extra line from the [free] pin passing through the vent and down the parachute , leaving a few inches of line to spare .

By folding the chute concertina fashion , it can be packed relatively tightly under the pack flaps in the order of bottom , sides , then top , before the release pin is secured through the cord loop , after passing through the other three flap eyelets .
by folding the chute concertina fashion , it can be packed relatively tightly under the pack flaps in the order of bottom , sides , then top , before the [free] pin is secured through the cord loop , after passing through the other three flap eyelets .

Light silk is the best , as it compresses well and then expands rapidly on release .
light silk is the best , as it compresses well and then expands rapidly on [free] .

If there is enough wind strength to take the lifting kite to almost any height , there will be a temptation to make a high release .
if there is enough wind strength to take the lifting kite to almost any height , there will be a temptation to make a high [free] .

Any standard round canopy will drift at wind speed as soon as that release pin opens the pack , and that means a chase if you take the carrier to any great height .
any standard round canopy will drift at wind speed as soon as that [free] pin opens the pack , and that means a chase if you take the carrier to any great height .

It will probably be the least fashionable release of the year .
it will probably be the least fashionable [free] of the year .

Although ‘ Rastaman Vibration ’ did not get universally good notices on release in 1976 , time has offered it a better response .
although ‘ rastaman vibration ’ did not get universally good notices on [free] in 1976 , time has offered it a better response .

Tracks like ‘ Buffalo Soldier ’ , ‘ Trench Town ’ and ‘ Rastaman Live Up ’ deserved to see release , although once again other versions of the tracks remain in the can , like the cut of ‘ Stiff Necked Fools ’ that marked current reggae rulers Steely & Clevie 's recording debut together .
tracks like ‘ buffalo soldier ’ , ‘ trench town ’ and ‘ rastaman live up ’ deserved to see [free] , although once again other versions of the tracks remain in the can , like the cut of ‘ stiff necked fools ’ that marked current reggae rulers steely & clevie 's recording debut together .

1977 The Clash and Elvis Costello release their respective debut singles , ‘ White Riot ’ and ‘ Less Than Zero ’ .
1977 the clash and elvis costello [free] their respective debut singles , ‘ white riot ’ and ‘ less than zero ’ .

Oldies like ‘ Heaven ’ and ‘ Red Light ’ rattle and hum in grand style , far better than their recorded versions , while their latest single , ‘ Burns My Skin ’ , proves to be a glorious , bloodcurdling emotional release .
oldies like ‘ heaven ’ and ‘ red light ’ rattle and hum in grand style , far better than their recorded versions , while their latest single , ‘ burns my skin ’ , proves to be a glorious , bloodcurdling emotional [free] .

It 's pretty unlikely that this session will ever see the light of day on Strange Fruit , as the label 's last Wah release ‘ The Mighty Wah ’ proved about as popular as a motorway scheme through Kew Gardens .
it 's pretty unlikely that this session will ever see the light of day on strange fruit , as the label 's last wah [free] ‘ the mighty wah ’ proved about as popular as a motorway scheme through kew gardens .

Suppose the English refused to release that youth under some pretext , the father would be much constrained .
suppose the english refused to [free] that youth under some pretext , the father would be much constrained .

Release from the agreement
[free] from the agreement

The mining companies were being extremely cagey over what information they were prepared to release .
the mining companies were being extremely cagey over what information they were prepared to [free] .

If only there were some way to release her from this bondage , turn her again into what she had been ; a young actress on her way to the top of the ladder , as Papa had often put it !
if only there were some way to [free] her from this bondage , turn her again into what she had been ; a young actress on her way to the top of the ladder , as papa had often put it !

Elizabeth Arden 's Anti-Cellulite Toning Treatment , £19.95/150ml contains technospheres , which according to Arden , release Celluplex , a concentrate that helps to convert excess fat into energy .
elizabeth arden 's anti-cellulite toning treatment , £19.95/150ml contains technospheres , which according to arden , [free] celluplex , a concentrate that helps to convert excess fat into energy .

Hold the tong in place for five seconds them release hair
hold the tong in place for five seconds them [free] hair

Meehan should have been released immediately , but instead the authorities offered him parole , that is release on licence , which he properly and courageously rejected , knowing it could not be long before he was released unconditionally .
meehan should have been released immediately , but instead the authorities offered him parole , that is [free] on licence , which he properly and courageously rejected , knowing it could not be long before he was released unconditionally .

Junack told me that he personally had received orders from Commander Lehmann to scuttle the ship by placing explosive charges in the cooling water intakes and to open the seacocks , and that he and others had done this ; and this was confirmed by an engine-room rating named Werner Lust who stayed on in England after his release as a prisoner-of-war .
junack told me that he personally had received orders from commander lehmann to scuttle the ship by placing explosive charges in the cooling water intakes and to open the seacocks , and that he and others had done this ; and this was confirmed by an engine-room rating named werner lust who stayed on in england after his [free] as a prisoner-of-war .

Approaches were then made to Brian Cubbon , the Permanent Under Secretary at the Home Office responsible for criminal matters , with the result that within three weeks of publication the Home Secretary Willie Whitelaw announced to the House of Commons that because of continued unease about the case and after discussions with the Lord Chief Justice , he had ordered the release of Cooper and McMahon from prison .
approaches were then made to brian cubbon , the permanent under secretary at the home office responsible for criminal matters , with the result that within three weeks of publication the home secretary willie whitelaw announced to the house of commons that because of continued unease about the case and after discussions with the lord chief justice , he had ordered the [free] of cooper and mcmahon from prison .

There was little social justice in a system whereby simony could dictate the duration of one 's time in purgatory ; was it right that only the rich could secure such release ?
there was little social justice in a system whereby simony could dictate the duration of one 's time in purgatory ; was it right that only the rich could secure such [free] ?

Alternately press and release pressure with palms , gradually wriggling the hands fairly vigorously along the muscles .
alternately press and [free] pressure with palms , gradually wriggling the hands fairly vigorously along the muscles .

The hotel had not participated in any formal training scheme , nor accepted industrial release students , nor recruited graduates : the previous General Manager having held the view that the only worthwhile training was a lengthy apprenticeship within the industry .
the hotel had not participated in any formal training scheme , nor accepted industrial [free] students , nor recruited graduates : the previous general manager having held the view that the only worthwhile training was a lengthy apprenticeship within the industry .

With Winter 's agreement the new Food and Beverage Manager started to take on industrial release students in 1985 .
with winter 's agreement the new food and beverage manager started to take on industrial [free] students in 1985 .

Press Release 5 July 1985
press [free] 5 july 1985

Press Release 8 July 1985
press [free] 8 july 1985

Press Release 6 September 1985
press [free] 6 september 1985

Press Release 7 November 1985
press [free] 7 november 1985

But after the release of Mob Rule in 1980 , Allen retreated from the scene and his books became increasingly collectable classics .
but after the [free] of mob rule in 1980 , allen retreated from the scene and his books became increasingly collectable classics .

At Skinhead Times , we are meanwhile repackaging all of his original 18 novels , with The Complete Richard Allen Volume One — Skinhead , Suedehead and Skinhead Escapes our first compilation release this month .
at skinhead times , we are meanwhile repackaging all of his original 18 novels , with the complete richard allen volume one — skinhead , suedehead and skinhead escapes our first compilation [free] this month .

Now the McKoy crew release their long-playing debut ‘ Full Circle ’ on their own Rightrack label .
now the mckoy crew [free] their long-playing debut ‘ full circle ’ on their own rightrack label .

films on release
films on [free]

videos on release
videos on [free]

‘ On the road , there was a real sense of release and freedom , that made it really fun , ’ recalls Neneh .
‘ on the road , there was a real sense of [free] and freedom , that made it really fun , ’ recalls neneh .

There , in the company computer , he imagines he will find tons of choice titbits such as upcoming record store appearances or release dates for new singles — information that will make him a real idol otaku king when he transmits it over the networks to other idol-loving otaku .
there , in the company computer , he imagines he will find tons of choice titbits such as upcoming record store appearances or [free] dates for new singles — information that will make him a real idol otaku king when he transmits it over the networks to other idol-loving otaku .

With $ 36 million in the box-office after only five weeks ' release , and the movie yet to travel outside America , big profits are guaranteed .
with $ 36 million in the box-office after only five weeks ' [free] , and the movie yet to travel outside america , big profits are guaranteed .

Undoubtedly Sonic 2 will do the business with gameheads — Sega is anticipating selling out within a week of release — but what about the rest of us ?
undoubtedly sonic 2 will do the business with gameheads — sega is anticipating selling out within a week of [free] — but what about the rest of us ?

He had a new film ready for release , Rachel and the Stranger .
he had a new film ready for [free] , rachel and the stranger .

Santa Cruz Operation Inc says that Zenith Data Systems will ship its Open Desktop Release 2.0 as an optional feature of its new Z-Station and Z-Server computers , pre-installed , pre-configured , tested , and supported with a choice of third-party communications options on the Z-Station tower , or bundled with some Z-Station desktop machines .
santa cruz operation inc says that zenith data systems will ship its open desktop [free] 2.0 as an optional feature of its new z-station and z-server computers , pre-installed , pre-configured , tested , and supported with a choice of third-party communications options on the z-station tower , or bundled with some z-station desktop machines .

Sparc International was responsible for a press release .
sparc international was responsible for a press [free] .

Then , the most up-to-date release of Windows was version 2 .
then , the most up-to-date [free] of windows was version 2 .

Excel from Microsoft has reached release 4 , and it remains an outstandingly good spreadsheet .
excel from microsoft has reached [free] 4 , and it remains an outstandingly good spreadsheet .

There 's little that can be done about the former ( it 's a consequence of Improv 's structure ) but the latter will be addressed in a future release .
there 's little that can be done about the former ( it 's a consequence of improv 's structure ) but the latter will be addressed in a future [free] .

My only criticism of what is a remarkable first release concerns the proprietary fonts it comes with , although it does support all the major font formats .
my only criticism of what is a remarkable first [free] concerns the proprietary fonts it comes with , although it does support all the major font formats .

Uniface Corp and Ingres in a joint venture , are releasing an Uniface built interface driver to access the latest release of Ingres 's 6.4 relational database management system .
uniface corp and ingres in a joint venture , are releasing an uniface built interface driver to access the latest [free] of ingres 's 6.4 relational database management system .

San Diego , California-based Acucobol Inc will preview AcuView 1.1 , the latest release of its graphics package for Cobol .
san diego , california-based acucobol inc will preview acuview 1.1 , the latest [free] of its graphics package for cobol .

Ahead of its international user meeting and training conference in San Jose , California , on the 27th of this month , when the majority of System 10 components will be debuted , Sybase Inc this Wednesday unveils the first module in the latest release of its relational database management system products .
ahead of its international user meeting and training conference in san jose , california , on the 27th of this month , when the majority of system 10 components will be debuted , sybase inc this wednesday unveils the first module in the latest [free] of its relational database management system products .

Unions eagerly encourage the further involvement of such women by means of day release or other union courses .
unions eagerly encourage the further involvement of such women by means of day [free] or other union courses .

Official circulars commended hospital staff for their work during the conflict , outlined arrangements for the release of nurses from the Forces and announced programmes of capital expenditure .
official circulars commended hospital staff for their work during the conflict , outlined arrangements for the [free] of nurses from the forces and announced programmes of capital expenditure .

Your other option is to press ahead with your Night Goblins and release your Fanatics in front of his best unit .
your other option is to press ahead with your night goblins and [free] your fanatics in front of his best unit .

Some enemy will try to draw your Fanatics from their Mobs by sending out a small unit of fast cavalry to gallop past , forcing you to release your Fanatics before you are ready .
some enemy will try to draw your fanatics from their mobs by sending out a small unit of fast cavalry to gallop past , forcing you to [free] your fanatics before you are ready .

The release of the girl is also confusing .
the [free] of the girl is also confusing .

It was something they both needed , a release from the events of the day .
it was something they both needed , a [free] from the events of the day .

Then he kissed her , felt her breath release as she felt the force of his passion as he put his arms around her waist , as he pulled her towards him .
then he kissed her , felt her breath [free] as she felt the force of his passion as he put his arms around her waist , as he pulled her towards him .

The steady release and peak indicates the best way to use this manure : if it is put down at the end of March , the peak comes towards the end of June .
the steady [free] and peak indicates the best way to use this manure : if it is put down at the end of march , the peak comes towards the end of june .

Only two prisoners refused the offer of early release in exchange for forfeiting their fee as volunteers .
only two prisoners refused the offer of early [free] in exchange for forfeiting their fee as volunteers .

It was these ancient devices that allowed the followers of darkness to move so swiftly about the world , and the cataclysmic release of their corrupting energies which was responsible for the spawning of so many beastmen and monsters .
it was these ancient devices that allowed the followers of darkness to move so swiftly about the world , and the cataclysmic [free] of their corrupting energies which was responsible for the spawning of so many beastmen and monsters .

The travelling rug followed the string bag , and then the driver came round the bus to release Laura 's other luggage from the boot .
the travelling rug followed the string bag , and then the driver came round the bus to [free] laura 's other luggage from the boot .

Repayment started in 1946 , initially only to men aged 65 or over and to women aged 60 or over , but the conditions for claiming varied over the years until 1972 when it was announced that there would be a ‘ general release ’ and that all credits were to be repaid without any further restrictions .
repayment started in 1946 , initially only to men aged 65 or over and to women aged 60 or over , but the conditions for claiming varied over the years until 1972 when it was announced that there would be a ‘ general [free] ’ and that all credits were to be repaid without any further restrictions .

‘ We shall be pleased if you will give further consideration to the question of the release … .
‘ we shall be pleased if you will give further consideration to the question of the [free] … .

If you still feel the firm has no power to release the tenancy on the grounds stated we shall be pleased if you will advise us if there are any other grounds on which the firm could give the release without the surviving partner 's consent … .
if you still feel the firm has no power to [free] the tenancy on the grounds stated we shall be pleased if you will advise us if there are any other grounds on which the firm could give the [free] without the surviving partner 's consent … .

The risk of litigation was pointed out , but the firm replied that they now intended to release the tenancy ‘ with or without the consent of the surviving partner ’ , and did so .
the risk of litigation was pointed out , but the firm replied that they now intended to [free] the tenancy ‘ with or without the consent of the surviving partner ’ , and did so .

This week SunSoft Inc is supposed to unveil its latest iteration of Interactive Systems Unix , release 4.0 .
this week sunsoft inc is supposed to unveil its latest iteration of interactive systems unix , [free] 4.0 .

The corpse in the cage seemed to shift as if seeking release .
the corpse in the cage seemed to shift as if seeking [free] .

As he strove to release his grip on the control of the power axe , so the jelly appeared to co-operate .
as he strove to [free] his grip on the control of the power axe , so the jelly appeared to co-operate .

If the bird were dashing itself against the bars , feathers flying , then the similarities to human suffering would arouse impulses to assist , even to release it , like the giraffe .
if the bird were dashing itself against the bars , feathers flying , then the similarities to human suffering would arouse impulses to assist , even to [free] it , like the giraffe .

The new release creates tests that automatically adapt to changes in a graphical user interface such as buttons and menus moving or being re-sized .
the new [free] creates tests that automatically adapt to changes in a graphical user interface such as buttons and menus moving or being re-sized .

He used his left arm to release the tangled parachute and after falling 500ft pulled the ripcord of his reserve chute .
he used his left arm to [free] the tangled parachute and after falling 500ft pulled the ripcord of his reserve chute .

It becomes their responsibility to release the pressure and tension within you .
it becomes their responsibility to [free] the pressure and tension within you .

Those who like Jenny in our case-study find themselves avoiding conflict at all costs , never facing up to issues , never expressing hurt or anger for fear of what it might release in others , need to do some work on this point .
those who like jenny in our case-study find themselves avoiding conflict at all costs , never facing up to issues , never expressing hurt or anger for fear of what it might [free] in others , need to do some work on this point .

And that emphasis and focus release you .
and that emphasis and focus [free] you .

At the time it was widely believed that Sugar would not be returning to operational flying , as the following press release issued at the time seemed to indicate :
at the time it was widely believed that sugar would not be returning to operational flying , as the following press [free] issued at the time seemed to indicate :

The child may initially need to be held briefly on the chair , but the parent can release hand pressure as soon as the child settles on the chair .
the child may initially need to be held briefly on the chair , but the parent can [free] hand pressure as soon as the child settles on the chair .

The heating is a bonus , resulting from the release of latent heat as the moisture vapour condenses to liquid water within the machine , but dehumidifiers are not really heating devices — they are more effective in warm homes with high humidity levels than they are in buildings where low temperatures are the main problem .
the heating is a bonus , resulting from the [free] of latent heat as the moisture vapour condenses to liquid water within the machine , but dehumidifiers are not really heating devices — they are more effective in warm homes with high humidity levels than they are in buildings where low temperatures are the main problem .

An older hand , helping with the fixing , commented that the release clips for folding and unfolding the Workmate were set further back than on his old-style version , making them a little more difficult to operate , and that the metal frame had more angular , sharper corners — not quite as user-friendly , he reckoned !
an older hand , helping with the fixing , commented that the [free] clips for folding and unfolding the workmate were set further back than on his old-style version , making them a little more difficult to operate , and that the metal frame had more angular , sharper corners — not quite as user-friendly , he reckoned !

Release waste yarn and hook up to jacket front in the usual way .
[free] waste yarn and hook up to jacket front in the usual way .

the background colour will be ignored completely , so that the lace pattern may be made using the garter/lace carriage or the transfer carriage , using any of the lace knitting techniques in the manual , or by dropping the stitches from the back bed after every two rows , to form release lace .
the background colour will be ignored completely , so that the lace pattern may be made using the garter/lace carriage or the transfer carriage , using any of the lace knitting techniques in the manual , or by dropping the stitches from the back bed after every two rows , to form [free] lace .

Returning to the campuses in a state of excitement , they sensed victory over the authorities , but had to secure the release of their arrested colleagues .
returning to the campuses in a state of excitement , they sensed victory over the authorities , but had to secure the [free] of their arrested colleagues .

They threw themselves into the celebrations , a temporary release from the daily routine , but the problems would still be there once the party was over .
they threw themselves into the celebrations , a temporary [free] from the daily routine , but the problems would still be there once the party was over .

Harrer 's new book will be called The Book of the Eiger , and is scheduled for release by Hodder and Stoughton in August .
harrer 's new book will be called the book of the eiger , and is scheduled for [free] by hodder and stoughton in august .

Revlon 's Moisture Lipstick , £6.95 , contains chronospheres which , it 's claimed , continuously release the colour , shine and moisturisers so it lasts without staining and feels smooth and comfortable .
revlon 's moisture lipstick , £6.95 , contains chronospheres which , it 's claimed , continuously [free] the colour , shine and moisturisers so it lasts without staining and feels smooth and comfortable .

These are like tiny sponges which continuously release moisturisers .
these are like tiny sponges which continuously [free] moisturisers .

The release of the ‘ Into Tomorrow ’ single on Weller 's own Freedom High label last year suggested the Cappuccino Kid was about to drop a big one .
the [free] of the ‘ into tomorrow ’ single on weller 's own freedom high label last year suggested the cappuccino kid was about to drop a big one .

films on release
films on [free]

From the disco veteran who speaks with fundamentalist passion about the centred sense of self-belief and release while dancing to Diana Ross ‘ Love Hangover ’ , to the fabric of self-realisation portrayed in Saturday Night Fever , disco has always functioned as an entrée to ecstasy ( with a small e ) and identity .
from the disco veteran who speaks with fundamentalist passion about the centred sense of self-belief and [free] while dancing to diana ross ‘ love hangover ’ , to the fabric of self-realisation portrayed in saturday night fever , disco has always functioned as an entrée to ecstasy ( with a small e ) and identity .

Miles Davis , Sly Stone , Santana , War , the Temptations and the Grateful Dead all indulged in marathon trance grooves , rippling with strange currents , often stretching beyond the bounds of endurance into boredom but hunting ecstatic release through repetition .
miles davis , sly stone , santana , war , the temptations and the grateful dead all indulged in marathon trance grooves , rippling with strange currents , often stretching beyond the bounds of endurance into boredom but hunting ecstatic [free] through repetition .

Homegrown , like most of the firms in the amateur home porn business , pays a one-time release fee for all tapes it distributes : up to $ 15 for each minute of edited tape .
homegrown , like most of the firms in the amateur home porn business , pays a one-time [free] fee for all tapes it distributes : up to $ 15 for each minute of edited tape .

Release card and knit 18 rows Fair Isle with green in feeder 1 and cream in feeder 2 .
[free] card and knit 18 rows fair isle with green in feeder 1 and cream in feeder 2 .

Release card and knit 22 rows Fair Isle with tan in feeder 1 and cream in feeder 2 .
[free] card and knit 22 rows fair isle with tan in feeder 1 and cream in feeder 2 .

The band 's debut release , the ‘ Stoned Woman ’ album , out this month , serves as a summary of their achievements so far and a blueprint for future possibilities — in much the same way the Brand New Heavies ' debut did a couple of years back .
the band 's debut [free] , the ‘ stoned woman ’ album , out this month , serves as a summary of their achievements so far and a blueprint for future possibilities — in much the same way the brand new heavies ' debut did a couple of years back .

Before the album 's release will come a single , ‘ Your Loss My Gain ’ , that 's neither particularly immediate or commercial and so makes a surprising choice to re-establish him in the public domain .
before the album 's [free] will come a single , ‘ your loss my gain ’ , that 's neither particularly immediate or commercial and so makes a surprising choice to re-establish him in the public domain .

films on release
films on [free]

videos on release
videos on [free]

Not unlike the flight of the sycamore seed , the Rotachute was to be dropped from an aircraft , its folded rotors opening on release and autorotating during descent .
not unlike the flight of the sycamore seed , the rotachute was to be dropped from an aircraft , its folded rotors opening on [free] and autorotating during descent .

The aircraft required a compass swing and had oxygen system leaks and because of this Lt Ferris had been required to sign for its release from maintenance , therefore accepting responsibility for his own safety .
the aircraft required a compass swing and had oxygen system leaks and because of this lt ferris had been required to sign for its [free] from maintenance , therefore accepting responsibility for his own safety .

Lateral acceleration at release is 6–7g .
lateral acceleration at [free] is 6–7g .

Fine Print their latest release is for all those knitters with standard gauge machines who bought Ebony and Ivory and liked the patterns .
fine print their latest [free] is for all those knitters with standard gauge machines who bought ebony and ivory and liked the patterns .

Pull your hand down and move the carriage further if necessary to release the weaving yarn , then lay it across the needles from the other side ready for the next row .
pull your hand down and move the carriage further if necessary to [free] the weaving yarn , then lay it across the needles from the other side ready for the next row .

This seems quite difficult at first , but you should soon be able to weave more quickly as you find out when you move your hand to release the yarn ready to lay it over for the next row .
this seems quite difficult at first , but you should soon be able to weave more quickly as you find out when you move your hand to [free] the yarn ready to lay it over for the next row .

Then one might recognise the legitimacy of sexual expression and try to find more socially acceptable ways to release that energy .
then one might recognise the legitimacy of sexual expression and try to find more socially acceptable ways to [free] that energy .

It gives a sharper focus to an interview , helping the worker cope with the flood of reminiscence which a lonely old person may release .
it gives a sharper focus to an interview , helping the worker cope with the flood of reminiscence which a lonely old person may [free] .

Toby Hedworth , defending , said the man never intended the child should die and meant to release her in time .
toby hedworth , defending , said the man never intended the child should die and meant to [free] her in time .

The ‘ high ’ comes from the release of a chemical in the brain called serotonin which controls mood , sexual activity , sleep and aggression .
the ‘ high ’ comes from the [free] of a chemical in the brain called serotonin which controls mood , sexual activity , sleep and aggression .

During hours of talks , Mr Telford demanded the release of a statement in which he explained he was staging an independent protest at pit closures .
during hours of talks , mr telford demanded the [free] of a statement in which he explained he was staging an independent protest at pit closures .

The campaign took a more sinister turn with the release of the Dianagate phone tape conversation between the Princess and friend James Gilbey .
the campaign took a more sinister turn with the [free] of the dianagate phone tape conversation between the princess and friend james gilbey .

The Old Bailey judge ordered the release of documents kept secret by public interest immunity certificates signed by four ministers — Michael Heseltine , Kenneth Clarke , Malcolm Rifkind and Tristan Garel-Jones .
the old bailey judge ordered the [free] of documents kept secret by public interest immunity certificates signed by four ministers — michael heseltine , kenneth clarke , malcolm rifkind and tristan garel-jones .

Monica is due to hit the big screen in January with the release of Dracula .
monica is due to hit the big screen in january with the [free] of dracula .

Shadow Trade Secretary Robin Cook threatened to release confidential papers which he claims show Mr Major as Foreign Secretary knew of the arms-to-Saddam policy .
shadow trade secretary robin cook threatened to [free] confidential papers which he claims show mr major as foreign secretary knew of the arms-to-saddam policy .

In order to increase the supply of land , and thereby moderate further upward moves in house prices , the government could allow ( controversial ) development in the green belt or could release public sector land not at present being used .
in order to increase the supply of land , and thereby moderate further upward moves in house prices , the government could allow ( controversial ) development in the green belt or could [free] public sector land not at present being used .

Presently available nuclear power comes from the ‘ fissioning ’ , breaking up , of the atomic nuclei of heavy elements such as uranium and plutonium and has as byproducts both desirable release of energy and unwanted nasty radioactive contaminants .
presently available nuclear power comes from the ‘ fissioning ’ , breaking up , of the atomic nuclei of heavy elements such as uranium and plutonium and has as byproducts both desirable [free] of energy and unwanted nasty radioactive contaminants .

Einstein 's famous equation E=mc 2 already existed but its full import for the release of vast energies in radioactivity and other nuclear processes still lay in the future .
einstein 's famous equation e=mc 2 already existed but its full import for the [free] of vast energies in radioactivity and other nuclear processes still lay in the future .

The 1950s were the height of the Cold War , and research into thermonuclear energy release was hardly discussed among different institutions in a single country let alone between nations .
the 1950s were the height of the cold war , and research into thermonuclear energy [free] was hardly discussed among different institutions in a single country let alone between nations .

The emerging calculations implied that muon catalysed fusion would not release as much energy as was needed to create the muons ; even if the muon were as stable as Alvarez 's ‘ ten or twenty minutes ’ the sticking makes the useful production of energy out of reach .
the emerging calculations implied that muon catalysed fusion would not [free] as much energy as was needed to create the muons ; even if the muon were as stable as alvarez 's ‘ ten or twenty minutes ’ the sticking makes the useful production of energy out of reach .

Each dt fusion released 17 MeV of energy , and so as few as eight sequential dt fusions are sufficient to release more energy than is contained in a muon at rest ( its ‘ rest energy ’ or mass ) .
each dt fusion released 17 mev of energy , and so as few as eight sequential dt fusions are sufficient to [free] more energy than is contained in a muon at rest ( its ‘ rest energy ’ or mass ) .

Each watt of power from fusion should release a thousand billion neutrons .
each watt of power from fusion should [free] a thousand billion neutrons .

Thus it was that on Friday , 17 March the university press officer interviewed Fleischmann and Pons , who were even then in the process of revising their preliminary note , and the office had a press release ready by the Monday morning .
thus it was that on friday , 17 march the university press officer interviewed fleischmann and pons , who were even then in the process of revising their preliminary note , and the office had a press [free] ready by the monday morning .

‘ When we were approached on this deal we used it to tie in with the release of one of our hostages held in Lebanon . ’
‘ when we were approached on this deal we used it to tie in with the [free] of one of our hostages held in lebanon . ’

Such detail might prove invaluable to French Intelligence at any debrief after my release .
such detail might prove invaluable to french intelligence at any debrief after my [free] .

The first guard said. : ‘ Your release is cancelled . ’
the first guard said. : ‘ your [free] is cancelled . ’

Not only that , but only the same breakthrough could bring about Philippe Chaumont 's release now .
not only that , but only the same breakthrough could bring about philippe chaumont 's [free] now .

Is there any connection between this trouble with Monsieur Nadirpur and the release of my Philippe ?
is there any connection between this trouble with monsieur nadirpur and the [free] of my philippe ?

The Frenchman 's release was going to be a bitter pill to swallow if it was the price to pay for finding Clarion Call .
the frenchman 's [free] was going to be a bitter pill to swallow if it was the price to pay for finding clarion call .

Tanner disapproved of kidnap insurance and companies like D'Arcy 's which negotiated for hostage release .
tanner disapproved of kidnap insurance and companies like d'arcy 's which negotiated for hostage [free] .

The video , which cost £1 million to produce , has already sold three million copies in America in its first three weeks on release .
the video , which cost £1 million to produce , has already sold three million copies in america in its first three weeks on [free] .

Three stone lighter and a virtual insomniac , she has campaigned tirelessly for their release and her efforts were rewarded last week when Michelle and Lisa were granted the right to appeal against their conviction for the murder of Alison O'Shaughnessy .
three stone lighter and a virtual insomniac , she has campaigned tirelessly for their [free] and her efforts were rewarded last week when michelle and lisa were granted the right to appeal against their conviction for the murder of alison o'shaughnessy .

The emotional release that is offered by self-expression has to be enabled by the creation of the right atmosphere .
the emotional [free] that is offered by self-expression has to be enabled by the creation of the right atmosphere .

It arose from observations of old people who appeared to welcome and initiate increasing isolation as a release from the problems , pressures and difficulties of life .
it arose from observations of old people who appeared to welcome and initiate increasing isolation as a [free] from the problems , pressures and difficulties of life .

It 'd be a release for her .
it 'd be a [free] for her .

The effect would spread like wild-fire — but with a ferocity and energy release that no wildfire could ever match .
the effect would spread like wild-fire — but with a ferocity and energy [free] that no wildfire could ever match .

As matter spirals into a black hole the enormous gravitational force pulls it asunder , and one consequence is the release of vast amounts of high-frequency energy ( eg , X-rays ) .
as matter spirals into a black hole the enormous gravitational force pulls it asunder , and one consequence is the [free] of vast amounts of high-frequency energy ( eg , x-rays ) .

These supermassive black holes will eventually ‘ evaporate ’ through their release of radiation .
these supermassive black holes will eventually ‘ evaporate ’ through their [free] of radiation .

Every undergraduate astronomy student can tell you why the Sun shines : a series of nuclear fusion reactions , whose end result is the conversion of hydrogen to helium , happen on a vast scale , and release prodigious amounts of energy in the form of heat , light , X-rays and so on .
every undergraduate astronomy student can tell you why the sun shines : a series of nuclear fusion reactions , whose end result is the conversion of hydrogen to helium , happen on a vast scale , and [free] prodigious amounts of energy in the form of heat , light , x-rays and so on .

After Waite 's abduction , he tried briefly to use his contacts with Lebanese Shia leaders and Iran to secure Waite 's release .
after waite 's abduction , he tried briefly to use his contacts with lebanese shia leaders and iran to secure waite 's [free] .

The £25 million film has its British release on December 11 .
the £25 million film has its british [free] on december 11 .

The couple settled there after Jackie 's release last year .
the couple settled there after jackie 's [free] last year .

… good news to the poor , to proclaim release to captives and sight for the blind ; … to proclaim the year of the Lord 's favour … ( Luke 4:17–19 ) .
… good news to the poor , to proclaim [free] to captives and sight for the blind ; … to proclaim the year of the lord 's favour … ( luke 4:17–19 ) .

The crowd shouted for the release of Barabbas and the death of Jesus .
the crowd shouted for the [free] of barabbas and the death of jesus .

Trade unions were debating their right to use the strike weapon to achieve political demands ( including the release of conscientious objectors still languishing in jail ) , while Cabinet Ministers suffered periodic bouts of panic that the revolution was about to break out .
trade unions were debating their right to use the strike weapon to achieve political demands ( including the [free] of conscientious objectors still languishing in jail ) , while cabinet ministers suffered periodic bouts of panic that the revolution was about to break out .

In practice materials generally only reach a small fraction of their theoretical strength before they break and so the release of strain energy is usually far less than the energy which would be provided by an equivalent weight of explosive .
in practice materials generally only reach a small fraction of their theoretical strength before they break and so the [free] of strain energy is usually far less than the energy which would be provided by an equivalent weight of explosive .

While most experts believe the best way to enjoy a good malt is neat or with a drop of water to release the flavour , Allan Schiach says you can add any mixer you like — even a cola .
while most experts believe the best way to enjoy a good malt is neat or with a drop of water to [free] the flavour , allan schiach says you can add any mixer you like — even a cola .

General release
general [free]

General release
general [free]

National : General release
national : general [free]

General release
general [free]

General Release
general [free]

London : Curzon , West End . National : General release
london : curzon , west end . national : general [free]

National : General release
national : general [free]

London : Odeon Haymarket . National : General release
london : odeon haymarket . national : general [free]

General release
general [free]

General release
general [free]

‘ It will certainly release a lot of the pressure that has surrounded them and made their personal lives very difficult .
‘ it will certainly [free] a lot of the pressure that has surrounded them and made their personal lives very difficult .

So they will also feel a sense of relief and release .
so they will also feel a sense of relief and [free] .

National : General release
national : general [free]

General release
general [free]

National : General release
national : general [free]

National : General release
national : general [free]

General release
general [free]

National : General release
national : general [free]

National : General release
national : general [free]

National : General release
national : general [free]

‘ It has hurt him more than anything else since his release .
‘ it has hurt him more than anything else since his [free] .

Joe does earn some money on the after-dinner speaking circuit , and has addressed an assortment of lawyers , writers and bankers since his release .
joe does earn some money on the after-dinner speaking circuit , and has addressed an assortment of lawyers , writers and bankers since his [free] .

National : General Release .
national : general [free] .

National : General Release
national : general [free]

National : General Release
national : general [free]

National : General Release
national : general [free]

National : General Release
national : general [free]

National : General Release
national : general [free]

National : General Release
national : general [free]

National : General Release
national : general [free]

National : General Release
national : general [free]

National : General Release
national : general [free]

Sunnie Mann : Nov 30 , aged 79 : Wife of Beirut hostage Jackie Mann who campaigned relentlessly for his release .
sunnie mann : nov 30 , aged 79 : wife of beirut hostage jackie mann who campaigned relentlessly for his [free] .

And some are ready to challenge England 's demand for total release of all players who are selected .
and some are ready to challenge england 's demand for total [free] of all players who are selected .

But Forest , who only let Walker go in the first place because he had a release clause in his contract , will also be in the hunt .
but forest , who only let walker go in the first place because he had a [free] clause in his contract , will also be in the hunt .

Release of close company loans
[free] of close company loans

Defence spending is also a target , to release funding for other proposed initiatives .
defence spending is also a target , to [free] funding for other proposed initiatives .

The Panel has also found that Lazards , financial advisers to Dowty , ‘ were unable to control the release of information by their client 's public relations advisers and are also criticised ’ .
the panel has also found that lazards , financial advisers to dowty , ‘ were unable to control the [free] of information by their client 's public relations advisers and are also criticised ’ .

Release of close company loans
[free] of close company loans

The taxpayers appealed to a Special Commissioner , contending that the novation did not constitute a ‘ release ’ because it was neither wholly voluntary or gratuitous , nor made for less than full consideration .
the taxpayers appealed to a special commissioner , contending that the novation did not constitute a ‘ [free] ’ because it was neither wholly voluntary or gratuitous , nor made for less than full consideration .

Dismissing the taxpayers ' appeals , Lord Justice Nourse said that the ordinary meaning of ‘ release ’ comprehended both a release given for full consideration and one given gratuitously , or for less than full consideration , and there was no warrant for putting the limitation , as contended by the tax-payers , on the word ‘ releases ’ in s 287 ( 1 ) .
dismissing the taxpayers ' appeals , lord justice nourse said that the ordinary meaning of ‘ [free] ’ comprehended both a [free] given for full consideration and one given gratuitously , or for less than full consideration , and there was no warrant for putting the limitation , as contended by the tax-payers , on the word ‘ releases ’ in s 287 ( 1 ) .

However , ‘ release ’ did not include any transaction which either consisted of , or amounted to , repayment of the loan if the transaction , when viewed in isolation , had the effect of releasing the debtor from the obligation to repay .
however , ‘ [free] ’ did not include any transaction which either consisted of , or amounted to , repayment of the loan if the transaction , when viewed in isolation , had the effect of releasing the debtor from the obligation to repay .

The right-angled Swastika symbolizes the centrifugal force which strives to release all things from the gravitational pull and propels us towards mental activity , growth and evolution .
the right-angled swastika symbolizes the centrifugal force which strives to [free] all things from the gravitational pull and propels us towards mental activity , growth and evolution .

It is an Aboriginal understanding that the fauna and flora of the landscape has an ‘ increase centre ’ — an area of high electro-magnetic energy , where the performance of correct rituals will release the life essence or Kurunba stored there and bring about the desired increase .
it is an aboriginal understanding that the fauna and flora of the landscape has an ‘ increase centre ’ — an area of high electro-magnetic energy , where the performance of correct rituals will [free] the life essence or kurunba stored there and bring about the desired increase .

During rituals , the release of human bioenergy , intensified mental energy and sound frequencies from the special chants ( mantras ) , effectively stimulates the energy field of the rocks ( the spirit of the rock ) at the sacred site .
during rituals , the [free] of human bioenergy , intensified mental energy and sound frequencies from the special chants ( mantras ) , effectively stimulates the energy field of the rocks ( the spirit of the rock ) at the sacred site .

Magistrates and judges were given the power to release upon probation for good conduct first offenders who had committed an offence not punishable by more than three years imprisonment .
magistrates and judges were given the power to [free] upon probation for good conduct first offenders who had committed an offence not punishable by more than three years imprisonment .

The occasional release of prisoners due to technical errors or on points of law was another practice which reinforced a sense of unpredictability about judicial decisions .
the occasional [free] of prisoners due to technical errors or on points of law was another practice which reinforced a sense of unpredictability about judicial decisions .

Oracle : Release 9 of Oracle Applications features enhanced user financial reporting facilities for human resources , manufacturing and financial applications .
oracle : [free] 9 of oracle applications features enhanced user financial reporting facilities for human resources , manufacturing and financial applications .

The release of the draft Cadbury Report in May 1992 , and the final one in December , have focused attention on interim reports and auditor involvement .
the [free] of the draft cadbury report in may 1992 , and the final one in december , have focused attention on interim reports and auditor involvement .

Takings were even more stunning as most tickets were sold half-price to children when the film went on release in America .
takings were even more stunning as most tickets were sold half-price to children when the film went on [free] in america .

They demanded £12 million for his safe release .
they demanded £12 million for his safe [free] .

But that may change with the release of the £22 million Super Mario film next summer .
but that may change with the [free] of the £22 million super mario film next summer .

Following the release of the telex , shadow foreign secretary Dr Jack Cunningham said : ‘ It is almost certain that Downing Street and the Foreign Office are trying to manoeuvre to cover up their embarrassment . ’
following the [free] of the telex , shadow foreign secretary dr jack cunningham said : ‘ it is almost certain that downing street and the foreign office are trying to manoeuvre to cover up their embarrassment . ’

Rabin had said he was willing to talk to the kidnappers — demanding the release of Sheik Ahmed Yassin — if he received proof Toledano was alive .
rabin had said he was willing to talk to the kidnappers — demanding the [free] of sheik ahmed yassin — if he received proof toledano was alive .

The leader of the radicial Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine yesterday urged militants to abduct more Israelis to win Yassin 's release .
the leader of the radicial popular front for the liberation of palestine yesterday urged militants to abduct more israelis to win yassin 's [free] .

Human rights groups and international news organisations called for the release of 32-year-old Taher Shriteh , who was seized from his Gaza home .
human rights groups and international news organisations called for the [free] of 32-year-old taher shriteh , who was seized from his gaza home .

‘ You can release all the mental strain that you 've built up when psyching your self up for a marathon , ’ she says .
‘ you can [free] all the mental strain that you 've built up when psyching your self up for a marathon , ’ she says .

It is said that this stimulates circulation and the flow of the lymphatic fluid , eases the nervous system , helps to release toxins and tensions from the muscles and stimulates the hormonal system .
it is said that this stimulates circulation and the flow of the lymphatic fluid , eases the nervous system , helps to [free] toxins and tensions from the muscles and stimulates the hormonal system .

‘ Stress Release ’ , including tapes , sensors for self-diagnosis and stress cards are part of this positive thinking treatment .
‘ stress [free] ’ , including tapes , sensors for self-diagnosis and stress cards are part of this positive thinking treatment .

Or if you want a ‘ Stress Release ’ pack take advantage or this special offer .
or if you want a ‘ stress [free] ’ pack take advantage or this special offer .

Pre-test the effect level , release the machines together and run the dub to the end , being careful not to overrun into the next section of the video tape .
pre-test the effect level , [free] the machines together and run the dub to the end , being careful not to overrun into the next section of the video tape .

Pre-test the sound effect level , release the machines together and run the dub to the end .
pre-test the sound effect level , [free] the machines together and run the dub to the end .

You then release both machines together , calling out the music cues into a microphone connected to the tape recorder while you watch the pictures on the screen .
you then [free] both machines together , calling out the music cues into a microphone connected to the tape recorder while you watch the pictures on the screen .

Cue a sound tape by recording a guide-track to indicate where each section of the music should start and end : set the tape to a start-mark ; set tape recorder to record-pause ; set the video tape to play-pause on the first frame of picture ; release both machines together calling out music cues into a microphone connected to the tape recorder while you watch the pictures on screen .
cue a sound tape by recording a guide-track to indicate where each section of the music should start and end : set the tape to a start-mark ; set tape recorder to record-pause ; set the video tape to play-pause on the first frame of picture ; [free] both machines together calling out music cues into a microphone connected to the tape recorder while you watch the pictures on screen .

Reset the video machines to start-cues on play-pause/record-pause respectively ; release all machines and run the copy transfer while mixing the original sound and pre-recorded music .
reset the video machines to start-cues on play-pause/record-pause respectively ; [free] all machines and run the copy transfer while mixing the original sound and pre-recorded music .

Release both machines off pause simultaneously and run to beyond the end of the shot .
[free] both machines off pause simultaneously and run to beyond the end of the shot .

( Note : if your equipment has synchro-edit , you will be able to release the machines from off the one button . )
( note : if your equipment has synchro-edit , you will be able to [free] the machines from off the one button . )

Work in progress previously represented certain costs , such as sleeve design and mastering , which are incurred before a title 's first release .
work in progress previously represented certain costs , such as sleeve design and mastering , which are incurred before a title 's first [free] .

Castle has now decided that it is more prudent , and in line with the practice followed by many companies in the sector , to write off such costs at the point of first release of a new title .
castle has now decided that it is more prudent , and in line with the practice followed by many companies in the sector , to write off such costs at the point of first [free] of a new title .

‘ The pattern of study leave block release — does n't lend itself to the smaller offices or indeed to business organisations .
‘ the pattern of study leave block [free] — does n't lend itself to the smaller offices or indeed to business organisations .

Then there is the question of how much the divestment will release for fund managers to manage .
then there is the question of how much the divestment will [free] for fund managers to manage .

In preparing the financial statements , the directors have assumed that their negotiations with the banks and third parties to restructure and release certain debts and to stabilise the position will be successful .
in preparing the financial statements , the directors have assumed that their negotiations with the banks and third parties to restructure and [free] certain debts and to stabilise the position will be successful .

Jeremy Smith , 29 , will spend New Year behind bars after being arrested just 38 days after his release from a six-month prison sentence for a similar offence .
jeremy smith , 29 , will spend new year behind bars after being arrested just 38 days after his [free] from a six-month prison sentence for a similar offence .

Old Bailey Judge Neil Denison said the 38-year-old salesman would remain dangerous after his release .
old bailey judge neil denison said the 38-year-old salesman would remain dangerous after his [free] .

Men 's pores release five times as many natural chemicals , called pheromones , at this time of year , according to Dr Kelly , who will air his theory at a chemists ' conference in Guildford , Surrey , today .
men 's pores [free] five times as many natural chemicals , called pheromones , at this time of year , according to dr kelly , who will air his theory at a chemists ' conference in guildford , surrey , today .

The original Home Alone was the third biggest box office release in the history of the cinema where it was seen by 6 million people .
the original home alone was the third biggest box office [free] in the history of the cinema where it was seen by 6 million people .

Several hours after her release police still had not issued a specific warning about the kidnapper .
several hours after her [free] police still had not issued a specific warning about the kidnapper .

The next day County issued a press release announcing that 48.9 % of the shares had been taken up and the rest sold on the market .
the next day county issued a press [free] announcing that 48.9 % of the shares had been taken up and the rest sold on the market .

Columbia Tristar is working on 15 for release in January or February .
columbia tristar is working on 15 for [free] in january or february .

Each new product release adds graph types and new functions for finance , stats , science and so on .
each new product [free] adds graph types and new functions for finance , stats , science and so on .

Presynaptic release probability influences the locus of long-term potentiation
presynaptic [free] probability influences the locus of long-term potentiation

amplitude distribution are essentially independent of the occurrence or spacing of peaks in amplitude histograms , and can provide additional information about release .
amplitude distribution are essentially independent of the occurrence or spacing of peaks in amplitude histograms , and can provide additional information about [free] .

To obtain quantitative information from the mean and variance data requires the assumption of a more constrained model of the release process . We used a simple binomial model , for which
to obtain quantitative information from the mean and variance data requires the assumption of a more constrained model of the [free] process . we used a simple binomial model , for which

We are not suggesting that the good alignment we observed between the results of using equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) and the analysis of amplitude histograms means that release probabilities are identical at all sites or that n is always invariant .
we are not suggesting that the good alignment we observed between the results of using equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) and the analysis of amplitude histograms means that [free] probabilities are identical at all sites or that n is always invariant .

If this hypothesis is correct , one would predict that other G-protein-coupled receptors capable of inducing the release of a similarly high concentration of βγ subunits are capable of stimulating inositol phosphate formation .
if this hypothesis is correct , one would predict that other g-protein-coupled receptors capable of inducing the [free] of a similarly high concentration of βγ subunits are capable of stimulating inositol phosphate formation .

Furthermore , this downward transport is likely to limit Arctic ozone destruction despite the increases in stratospheric chlorine amounts anticipated from estimates of chlorofluorocarbon release .
furthermore , this downward transport is likely to limit arctic ozone destruction despite the increases in stratospheric chlorine amounts anticipated from estimates of chlorofluorocarbon [free] .

It may also provide a signal to alter glial cell metabolism when neurons release glutamate at a high rate .
it may also provide a signal to alter glial cell metabolism when neurons [free] glutamate at a high rate .

The extracellular glutamate concentration , [ Glu ] o , is determined by the balance between the release of glutamate and its removal by uptake .
the extracellular glutamate concentration , [ glu ] o , is determined by the balance between the [free] of glutamate and its removal by uptake .

However , even with no release , a lower limit to [ Glu ] o is set by the stoichiometry of the uptake carrier .
however , even with no [free] , a lower limit to [ glu ] o is set by the stoichiometry of the uptake carrier .

Regulation of transmitter release could occur at any of the sequence of events leading from Ca 2+ entry to exocytosis , through the mobilization , docking and fusion of vesicles at release sites in the presynaptic terminal .
regulation of transmitter [free] could occur at any of the sequence of events leading from ca 2+ entry to exocytosis , through the mobilization , docking and fusion of vesicles at [free] sites in the presynaptic terminal .

LTP-related changes in Ca 2+ homeostasis could in principle account for persistent changes in transmitter release .
ltp-related changes in ca 2+ homeostasis could in principle account for persistent changes in transmitter [free] .

The nature of the retrograde messenger may give clues to the processes responsible for the sustained increase in transmitter release .
the nature of the retrograde messenger may give clues to the processes responsible for the sustained increase in transmitter [free] .

Do retrograde messengers exist ? If so , what are they and how do they regulate neurotransmitter release ?
do retrograde messengers exist ? if so , what are they and how do they regulate neurotransmitter [free] ?

Figure 1 compares energy release curves for the five kinds of object at =45° .
figure 1 compares energy [free] curves for the five kinds of object at =45° .

Figure 1 a shows the altitude profile of energy release in units of Mton high explosive equivalent per kilometre .
figure 1 a shows the altitude profile of energy [free] in units of mton high explosive equivalent per kilometre .

This family of intracellular calcium channels displays the regenerative process of calcium-induced calcium release responsible for the complex spatiotemporal patterns of calcium waves and oscillations .
this family of intracellular calcium channels displays the regenerative process of calcium-induced calcium [free] responsible for the complex spatiotemporal patterns of calcium waves and oscillations .

InsP 3 -induced calcium release
insp 3 -induced calcium [free]

All these studies have revealed considerable variability in the sensitivity of InsP 3 -induced release , which gives rise to the phenomenon of ‘ quantal calcium release ’ .
all these studies have revealed considerable variability in the sensitivity of insp 3 -induced [free] , which gives rise to the phenomenon of ‘ quantal calcium [free] ’ .

This variability is evident when studying purified receptors in artificial membranes , calcium release in single cells or in cell populations .
this variability is evident when studying purified receptors in artificial membranes , calcium [free] in single cells or in cell populations .

There are two main ways in which the sensitivity of InsP 3 -induced calcium release might vary .
there are two main ways in which the sensitivity of insp 3 -induced calcium [free] might vary .

Calcium-induced calcium release
calcium-induced calcium [free]

Perhaps the most interesting property of InsP 3 -induced calcium mobilization is its all-or-none property manifested as a sudden and near-maximal release of calcium if the level of InsP 3 is gradually increased through injection or by flash photolysis of caged InsP 3 ( ref .
perhaps the most interesting property of insp 3 -induced calcium mobilization is its all-or-none property manifested as a sudden and near-maximal [free] of calcium if the level of insp 3 is gradually increased through injection or by flash photolysis of caged insp 3 ( ref .

Initially there were small hot spots resulting from the localized release of calcium , which is probably related to the phenomenon of quantal calcium release described earlier .
initially there were small hot spots resulting from the localized [free] of calcium , which is probably related to the phenomenon of quantal calcium [free] described earlier .

This all-or-none response seems to arise through a positive feedback effect whereby calcium stimulates its own release .
this all-or-none response seems to arise through a positive feedback effect whereby calcium stimulates its own [free] .

Now that we are beginning to understand the basic mechanisms of calcium release and entry , the next challenge is to describe the complex spatiotemporal patterns of calcium signalling revealed to us by single-cell imaging techniques .
now that we are beginning to understand the basic mechanisms of calcium [free] and entry , the next challenge is to describe the complex spatiotemporal patterns of calcium signalling revealed to us by single-cell imaging techniques .

The emerging consensus is that the basic mechanism requires an element of positive feedback whereby calcium amplifies its own release .
the emerging consensus is that the basic mechanism requires an element of positive feedback whereby calcium amplifies its own [free] .

Calcium-induced calcium release in cardiac muscle and perhaps also in neurons .
calcium-induced calcium [free] in cardiac muscle and perhaps also in neurons .

Agonist-induced calcium release .
agonist-induced calcium [free] .

Calcium functions as a messenger to release calcium from neighbouring stores to propagate a wave .
calcium functions as a messenger to [free] calcium from neighbouring stores to propagate a wave .

When release ceases , probably owing to a negative feedback effect of calcium , recovery occurs as calcium is pumped out of the cytoplasm ( by pumps on the plasma membrane and internal stores ) and the cell is ready to begin another cycle .
when [free] ceases , probably owing to a negative feedback effect of calcium , recovery occurs as calcium is pumped out of the cytoplasm ( by pumps on the plasma membrane and internal stores ) and the cell is ready to begin another cycle .

The group demanded a ransom , safe passage to South America and the release of some prisoners .
the group demanded a ransom , safe passage to south america and the [free] of some prisoners .

As for the release of information , the stock exchange points out that it already requires price-sensitive information to be published through its regulated news service .
as for the [free] of information , the stock exchange points out that it already requires price-sensitive information to be published through its regulated news service .

Making companies release important information more quickly could do more to curb insider dealing than any laws .
making companies [free] important information more quickly could do more to curb insider dealing than any laws .

Resin-based glass ionomers , which can release fluoride within cavities , are already on the market .
resin-based glass ionomers , which can [free] fluoride within cavities , are already on the market .

Guidelines methods are also to be found at later decision-making stages of the process , governing , for example , emergency release , temporary release and parole practice ( Gottfredson 1987 ) .
guidelines methods are also to be found at later decision-making stages of the process , governing , for example , emergency [free] , temporary [free] and parole practice ( gottfredson 1987 ) .

Not all life sentence prisoners follow the same ‘ career path ’ through prison but most spend three to four years in two initial centres , then progress to training prisons and — possibly — open prisons before a final release date is in sight .
not all life sentence prisoners follow the same ‘ career path ’ through prison but most spend three to four years in two initial centres , then progress to training prisons and — possibly — open prisons before a final [free] date is in sight .

It operates mostly on labour-intensive , repetitive government forms rather than the wider variety of commercial printing work which would give men a marketable skill on release as well as a good work experience .
it operates mostly on labour-intensive , repetitive government forms rather than the wider variety of commercial printing work which would give men a marketable skill on [free] as well as a good work experience .

This took the place of a pre-release course ( which would be impossible to plan in an institution where some men were so far away from release and others might be released on parole licence at very short notice ) but it covered many of the same topics .
this took the place of a pre-release course ( which would be impossible to plan in an institution where some men were so far away from [free] and others might be released on parole licence at very short notice ) but it covered many of the same topics .

The potential gain if one was ‘ exceptional ’ , however , and qualified for an early release is so powerful that few men are prepared to forego it The result is a shabby , futile process that Probation Officers feel makes subsequent work with inmates more difficult , that exasperates prison officers who see the time and energy in compiling reports as wasted , and infuriates prisoners for whom the probable refusal of parole , with its tiny element of uncertainty , makes prison life even harder to bear .
the potential gain if one was ‘ exceptional ’ , however , and qualified for an early [free] is so powerful that few men are prepared to forego it the result is a shabby , futile process that probation officers feel makes subsequent work with inmates more difficult , that exasperates prison officers who see the time and energy in compiling reports as wasted , and infuriates prisoners for whom the probable refusal of parole , with its tiny element of uncertainty , makes prison life even harder to bear .

Moreover , Bihar had been forced a year earlier to release over 27,000 undertrials , following orders from the Supreme Court in Hussainara ( Shourie 1980 : 137–8 ) .
moreover , bihar had been forced a year earlier to [free] over 27,000 undertrials , following orders from the supreme court in hussainara ( shourie 1980 : 137–8 ) .

When they did enough to earn wages , they were allowed to keep or spend half , the other half being saved for them on their release .
when they did enough to earn wages , they were allowed to keep or spend half , the other half being saved for them on their [free] .

There are in India a variety of systems of home leave , furlough , early release and parole , but in practice relatively few prisoners benefit .
there are in india a variety of systems of home leave , furlough , early [free] and parole , but in practice relatively few prisoners benefit .

The allocation of inmates to any one of these depends on their participation in the five-stage programme which leads to probation and release .
the allocation of inmates to any one of these depends on their participation in the five-stage programme which leads to probation and [free] .

This was apparently reasonably well received by the offenders involved , as even this basic standard of education would be sufficient to improve considerably their potential for employment and thus for higher earnings after their release .
this was apparently reasonably well received by the offenders involved , as even this basic standard of education would be sufficient to improve considerably their potential for employment and thus for higher earnings after their [free] .

John Howard became the spokesman for the group and was eventually released on parole to return to England to negotiate the exchange and release of his fellow-prisoners — a task he successfully accomplished .
john howard became the spokesman for the group and was eventually released on parole to return to england to negotiate the exchange and [free] of his fellow-prisoners — a task he successfully accomplished .

Worst of all were the arbitrarily imposed ‘ delivery ’ or discharge fees which often meant innocent people spending substantial periods in prison ( having been found not guilty ) until hard-pressed relatives raised the necessary cash for release and the gaoler was prepared to let them go .
worst of all were the arbitrarily imposed ‘ delivery ’ or discharge fees which often meant innocent people spending substantial periods in prison ( having been found not guilty ) until hard-pressed relatives raised the necessary cash for [free] and the gaoler was prepared to let them go .

The London Tablet protested that one press release contained fifteen ‘ condemns ’ in twenty-four pages despite the tenor of Pope John 's opening address .
the london tablet protested that one press [free] contained fifteen ‘ condemns ’ in twenty-four pages despite the tenor of pope john 's opening address .

His own contribution was to suggest ways in which the legal process exerted a powerful influence over delinquents : it provided them with a vocabulary which enabled them to justify their delinquent actions ‘ in the circumstances ’ ( ‘ techniques of neutralisation ’ ) and with a sense of injustice which helped to release them from feelings of obligation to conform .
his own contribution was to suggest ways in which the legal process exerted a powerful influence over delinquents : it provided them with a vocabulary which enabled them to justify their delinquent actions ‘ in the circumstances ’ ( ‘ techniques of neutralisation ’ ) and with a sense of injustice which helped to [free] them from feelings of obligation to conform .

Similarly , for juvenile offenders , the ‘ care order ’ under which they may be detained in an institution is for an unspecified period ; again , release is determined by rehabilitative , treatment criteria .
similarly , for juvenile offenders , the ‘ care order ’ under which they may be detained in an institution is for an unspecified period ; again , [free] is determined by rehabilitative , treatment criteria .

But the only voice capable of ordering such a release was that which had conjured him , and with Sartori gone he was exiled on earth forever .
but the only voice capable of ordering such a [free] was that which had conjured him , and with sartori gone he was exiled on earth forever .

Nor , until tonight , had he dared entertain any hope of release .
nor , until tonight , had he dared entertain any hope of [free] .

Sydney fell by 2.4 % after the release of worse-than-expected trade figures for March .
sydney fell by 2.4 % after the [free] of worse-than-expected trade figures for march .

If Iran was provoked , why did it also go so publicly out of its way to stress its respect for Iraq 's territorial integrity ? And why , at the same time , did it release a batch of Iraqi prisoners-of-war in a unilateral goodwill gesture ? Mainly because of the aftermath of that second Gulf war , the American-led rescue of Kuwait in 1991 .
if iran was provoked , why did it also go so publicly out of its way to stress its respect for iraq 's territorial integrity ? and why , at the same time , did it [free] a batch of iraqi prisoners-of-war in a unilateral goodwill gesture ? mainly because of the aftermath of that second gulf war , the american-led rescue of kuwait in 1991 .

Casodex is a drug that blocks the release of testosterone , a hormone that is linked to prostate cancer .
casodex is a drug that blocks the [free] of testosterone , a hormone that is linked to prostate cancer .

Unlike Casodex , they only partially block the release of testosterone .
unlike casodex , they only partially block the [free] of testosterone .

The release of Nelson Mandela in February 1990 coincided neatly with the end of the cold war .
the [free] of nelson mandela in february 1990 coincided neatly with the end of the cold war .

‘ Working with dreams in this way gives me a freedom to express , a release to be creative .
‘ working with dreams in this way gives me a freedom to express , a [free] to be creative .

But there 's still no relaxation of the iron-bound rules concerning the release of classified information .
but there 's still no relaxation of the iron-bound rules concerning the [free] of classified information .

To start unravelling stress ‘ from the bottom ’ they may invent or seek a range of tension-reducing activities , which we might group into two categories , those that relax softly and gently , and those that involve a more vigorous release .
to start unravelling stress ‘ from the bottom ’ they may invent or seek a range of tension-reducing activities , which we might group into two categories , those that relax softly and gently , and those that involve a more vigorous [free] .

Provided sexual energies have not been drained by the stress itself orgasm is a great form of tension release , whether achieved through making love or masturbation .
provided sexual energies have not been drained by the stress itself orgasm is a great form of tension [free] , whether achieved through making love or masturbation .

And there are various forms of emotional release .
and there are various forms of emotional [free] .

Something a little milder like ranting and raving about colleagues and pupils , preferably in a self-consciously irrational and exaggerated way , can release feelings and help to restore balance and humour .
something a little milder like ranting and raving about colleagues and pupils , preferably in a self-consciously irrational and exaggerated way , can [free] feelings and help to restore balance and humour .

What may be more appropriate in this case is to relax , release or have a heart-to-heart : getting drunk and crying on somebody 's shoulder , perhaps .
what may be more appropriate in this case is to relax , [free] or have a heart-to-heart : getting drunk and crying on somebody 's shoulder , perhaps .

Release the front bed stitches in the same way .
[free] the front bed stitches in the same way .

He had been forced to make the move ‘ from the safe haven of the monastery to the tumultuous and wreck-strewn storms of the world ’ , against which he had so often cautioned others ; and there was no release in sight .
he had been forced to make the move ‘ from the safe haven of the monastery to the tumultuous and wreck-strewn storms of the world ’ , against which he had so often cautioned others ; and there was no [free] in sight .

There was some reason for his bewilderment , for Anselm does not seem to have desired or expected any practical result from this consultation except a possible release from his archbishopric .
there was some reason for his bewilderment , for anselm does not seem to have desired or expected any practical result from this consultation except a possible [free] from his archbishopric .

Here he learnt that the pope would not release him from the archbishopric , but wished him to expound the Latin doctrine of the Procession of the Holy Spirit at a meeting with representatives of the Greek Church at Bari in October .
here he learnt that the pope would not [free] him from the archbishopric , but wished him to expound the latin doctrine of the procession of the holy spirit at a meeting with representatives of the greek church at bari in october .

He did not release her , he drew her closer until her breasts were pressed against him .
he did not [free] her , he drew her closer until her breasts were pressed against him .

The release of additional space has allowed 150 rarely seen works to be brought out of store , restored and with contemporary frames intact .
the [free] of additional space has allowed 150 rarely seen works to be brought out of store , restored and with contemporary frames intact .

London picture dealers Agnew 's issued a useful press release on 11 December detailing the pictures and works of art sold by the gallery in 1992 .
london picture dealers agnew 's issued a useful press [free] on 11 december detailing the pictures and works of art sold by the gallery in 1992 .

Since the release of the track , ‘ Claire 's Kitchen ’ , the band 's premises have been broken into and their possessions rifled through .
since the [free] of the track , ‘ claire 's kitchen ’ , the band 's premises have been broken into and their possessions rifled through .

The eventual release loses a Co-Co mix and has a re-edited Ultramarine one instead .
the eventual [free] loses a co-co mix and has a re-edited ultramarine one instead .

are at the start of their first proper American jaunt , glad to take a break from the pressures of Britain and their debut major label release , and swap them for the promotional chores of the States .
are at the start of their first proper american jaunt , glad to take a break from the pressures of britain and their debut major label [free] , and swap them for the promotional chores of the states .

And as for Ronald Reagan , who among us can forget the words that so blew our minds on ‘ The Wit And Wisdom Of Ronald Reagan ’ album , a release which made Stiff 's Magic offshoot a legendary label overnight ? Presidential pop . Dontcha just love it ?
and as for ronald reagan , who among us can forget the words that so blew our minds on ‘ the wit and wisdom of ronald reagan ’ album , a [free] which made stiff 's magic offshoot a legendary label overnight ? presidential pop . dontcha just love it ?

He declined to be drawn on the group 's specific release plans , despite word that an album of remixes is imminent .
he declined to be drawn on the group 's specific [free] plans , despite word that an album of remixes is imminent .

Better still , they 're fresh , they release new albums with original material and you can watch them live .
better still , they 're fresh , they [free] new albums with original material and you can watch them live .

The first release in Wilpattu was made at night to reduce the risk of the elephant straying in strange surroundings .
the first [free] in wilpattu was made at night to reduce the risk of the elephant straying in strange surroundings .

At the Bohorok rehabilitation centre , orangs due for release in the forest must first learn which wild foods are good to eat .
at the bohorok rehabilitation centre , orangs due for [free] in the forest must first learn which wild foods are good to eat .

An orang , ready for release in the forest , is carried 15 miles ( 24 km ) away from the Bohorok centre so that it will not be tempted to return for a daily free meal .
an orang , ready for [free] in the forest , is carried 15 miles ( 24 km ) away from the bohorok centre so that it will not be tempted to return for a daily free meal .

Before they were judged ready for final release , they had to meet several basic requirements .
before they were judged ready for final [free] , they had to meet several basic requirements .

In 1935 , the very same Neville Chamberlain , who ten years earlier had even been considering a contributory earnings-related scheme , could tell the Conservative Party annual conference that better retirement pensions would be prohibitively costly , would release only a paltry number of jobs and would create grave legal and administrative problems in enforcing the retirement condition : ‘ Are you going to create a new penal offence — the offence of doing work ?
in 1935 , the very same neville chamberlain , who ten years earlier had even been considering a contributory earnings-related scheme , could tell the conservative party annual conference that better retirement pensions would be prohibitively costly , would [free] only a paltry number of jobs and would create grave legal and administrative problems in enforcing the retirement condition : ‘ are you going to create a new penal offence — the offence of doing work ?

This finding corresponds with research that has concentrated on early retirement ( McGoldrick and Cooper 1980 ; Parker 1980 ; and in France , Cribier 1981 ; Gaullier 1982 ) and withdrawal from the labour market through the job release scheme ( Makeham and Morgan 1980 : 14 ) , but we do not know how many of those older workers with poor health would have been fit enough to continue working if the plant had not closed .
this finding corresponds with research that has concentrated on early retirement ( mcgoldrick and cooper 1980 ; parker 1980 ; and in france , cribier 1981 ; gaullier 1982 ) and withdrawal from the labour market through the job [free] scheme ( makeham and morgan 1980 : 14 ) , but we do not know how many of those older workers with poor health would have been fit enough to continue working if the plant had not closed .

The most important policy in the field of employment is the Job Release Scheme , introduced in 1977 as a temporary measure for men aged 64 and women aged 59 and extended in 1981 and 1982 to cover disabled men aged 60–63 and other men aged 62 and 63 .
the most important policy in the field of employment is the job [free] scheme , introduced in 1977 as a temporary measure for men aged 64 and women aged 59 and extended in 1981 and 1982 to cover disabled men aged 60–63 and other men aged 62 and 63 .

Early retirement may be a release from employment for some and a refuge from the severe insecurity of the labour market for others .
early retirement may be a [free] from employment for some and a refuge from the severe insecurity of the labour market for others .

The information published was assembled from Gloucester Warwickshire Railway release incorporating ‘ The Cornishman ’ and thus was published in good faith .
the information published was assembled from gloucester warwickshire railway [free] incorporating ‘ the cornishman ’ and thus was published in good faith .

Levitation , who became the subject of intense interest from major labels on leaving Rough Trade , plan to play low-key shows at the end of November before going into the studio to record material for New Year release .
levitation , who became the subject of intense interest from major labels on leaving rough trade , plan to play low-key shows at the end of november before going into the studio to record material for new year [free] .

The pair plan to collaborate on interpretations of Julian Cope 's ‘ Jellypop Jerky Jean ’ , The Birthday Party 's ‘ Release The Bats ’ and Wild Cherry 's rare groove classic , retitled ‘ Play That Funky Music Irish Guy ’ for the occasion .
the pair plan to collaborate on interpretations of julian cope 's ‘ jellypop jerky jean ’ , the birthday party 's ‘ [free] the bats ’ and wild cherry 's rare groove classic , retitled ‘ play that funky music irish guy ’ for the occasion .

Now they 're putting the finishing touches to a new double album for release next March , which , if songs like ‘ Evil ’ and ‘ Mother ’ , showcased at their recent London gigs are anything to go by , promises to be an even more intoxicating opportunity to see inside Mark 's troubled , immensely talented psyche .
now they 're putting the finishing touches to a new double album for [free] next march , which , if songs like ‘ evil ’ and ‘ mother ’ , showcased at their recent london gigs are anything to go by , promises to be an even more intoxicating opportunity to see inside mark 's troubled , immensely talented psyche .

The debut release by hardcore hip-hop act 2-Tone Committee struggled .
the debut [free] by hardcore hip-hop act 2-tone committee struggled .

Now , who 's going to release the complete Sly And The Family Stone at Woodstock set ?
now , who 's going to [free] the complete sly and the family stone at woodstock set ?

Accompanied by wonderful press release describing it as ‘ pound for pound the best value art book … high quality art publishing for just over 8p per page ’ .
accompanied by wonderful press [free] describing it as ‘ pound for pound the best value art book … high quality art publishing for just over 8p per page ’ .

The book says if you keep yawing the aircraft from side to side the wheel may release .
the book says if you keep yawing the aircraft from side to side the wheel may [free] .

He found the harness release , unlocked it and remembers falling until his head hit the canopy .
he found the harness [free] , unlocked it and remembers falling until his head hit the canopy .

He foresaw a release of energy utterly beyond anything considered by scientists before him .
he foresaw a [free] of energy utterly beyond anything considered by scientists before him .

First , though , let 's recall some of the refreshing nonsense the Land 's End Ltd press release included : ‘ Hard steel pitons were also leaving large unsightly rust stains on the cliff face and , by being chiselled in , were opening up large and damaging cracks that are irreparable by natural means .
first , though , let 's recall some of the refreshing nonsense the land 's end ltd press [free] included : ‘ hard steel pitons were also leaving large unsightly rust stains on the cliff face and , by being chiselled in , were opening up large and damaging cracks that are irreparable by natural means .

’ This is the language of the press release , breathlessly informing us that a speculator whose environmental record is not exactly unblemished and whose monstrous Land 's End ‘ facilities ’ are a blight against all aesthetic considerations , really does care what happens to the dear little flowers that have taken eternity to develop , and the cuddly cliff faces which shake and quiver at the climber 's intrusive touch .
’ this is the language of the press [free] , breathlessly informing us that a speculator whose environmental record is not exactly unblemished and whose monstrous land 's end ‘ facilities ’ are a blight against all aesthetic considerations , really does care what happens to the dear little flowers that have taken eternity to develop , and the cuddly cliff faces which shake and quiver at the climber 's intrusive touch .

Land 's End Ltd issued a new , more subdued press release .
land 's end ltd issued a new , more subdued press [free] .

Is this extract from the first ‘ brave new world ’ document or the ‘ let 's look at this again ’ release ?
is this extract from the first ‘ brave new world ’ document or the ‘ let 's look at this again ’ [free] ?

Twenty-one years after its release the film remains under rated , but is aging well .
twenty-one years after its [free] the film remains under rated , but is aging well .

Paddlefish breed during the floods , when they congregate to release their eggs .
paddlefish breed during the floods , when they congregate to [free] their eggs .

Rocks , like gravel , must not release anything into the water — calcium is the biggest problem , as many rocks are made of it .
rocks , like gravel , must not [free] anything into the water — calcium is the biggest problem , as many rocks are made of it .

The bubble corals also have long sweeper stinging tentacles which can reach 7 to 10 cm ( 3 to 4″ ) from the main colony to sting neighbouring colonies and many anemones release nematocysts into the water to sting coelenterates down stream of them .
the bubble corals also have long sweeper stinging tentacles which can reach 7 to 10 cm ( 3 to 4″ ) from the main colony to sting neighbouring colonies and many anemones [free] nematocysts into the water to sting coelenterates down stream of them .

Their knowledge of society had taught these men that there was a huge audience that wanted to laugh and that comedians had to strain every nerve and to try every joke in order to release that laughter .
their knowledge of society had taught these men that there was a huge audience that wanted to laugh and that comedians had to strain every nerve and to try every joke in order to [free] that laughter .

The idiosyncratic nature of Our Daily Bread was appreciated at the time of its release and was attributed to the obvious conflict between Vidor 's convictions and box-office considerations .
the idiosyncratic nature of our daily bread was appreciated at the time of its [free] and was attributed to the obvious conflict between vidor 's convictions and box-office considerations .

Insulation is about saving energy , cutting down on the waste of fossil fuels , and reducing the amount of carbon dioxide we release into the atmosphere by burning them .
insulation is about saving energy , cutting down on the waste of fossil fuels , and reducing the amount of carbon dioxide we [free] into the atmosphere by burning them .

Microsoft Corp announced Release 3.0 of its Visual Basic programming system on Friday : the new release 0 provides access to a wide variety of data sources by integrating the Microsoft Access 1.1 database engine and adds support for Object Linking & Embedding 2.0 ; it also adds new tools , new controls , greater ease of use and an enhanced custom control standard ; it 's $200 .
microsoft corp announced [free] 3.0 of its visual basic programming system on friday : the new [free] 0 provides access to a wide variety of data sources by integrating the microsoft access 1.1 database engine and adds support for object linking & embedding 2.0 ; it also adds new tools , new controls , greater ease of use and an enhanced custom control standard ; it 's $200 .

The most interesting new addition is Open Desktop Lite , a cut-down version of release 3.0 that is pitched squarely at the stand-alone iAPX-86 workstations also being coveted by SunSoft Inc , Univel Inc and NeXT Computer Inc .
the most interesting new addition is open desktop lite , a cut-down version of [free] 3.0 that is pitched squarely at the stand-alone iapx-86 workstations also being coveted by sunsoft inc , univel inc and next computer inc .

This is the only way out , so the adventurers must head for it , even though they ca n't be sure that the haze and mist they see beyond the archway offers any real hope of release .
this is the only way out , so the adventurers must head for it , even though they ca n't be sure that the haze and mist they see beyond the archway offers any real hope of [free] .

, this will release its deadly contents in a 10-yard radius .
, this will [free] its deadly contents in a 10-yard radius .

But after some success at Meredith Jones 's youth club and after getting on terms with Philip Burton , the great tide of energy which just wanted release , to get on , to get out , funnelled into the notion that he might be an actor .
but after some success at meredith jones 's youth club and after getting on terms with philip burton , the great tide of energy which just wanted [free] , to get on , to get out , funnelled into the notion that he might be an actor .

Is there a glass panel you could break to reach through and release the cylinder rimlock ?
is there a glass panel you could break to reach through and [free] the cylinder rimlock ?

Mildred kept her eyes firmly closed as the chief magician opened the box and intoned the release spell .
mildred kept her eyes firmly closed as the chief magician opened the box and intoned the [free] spell .

So we recommend a one-year experiment in which the Office of Fair Trading gathers typical APRs in the way we have suggested , and publishes the tabulated results monthly as a press release .
so we recommend a one-year experiment in which the office of fair trading gathers typical aprs in the way we have suggested , and publishes the tabulated results monthly as a press [free] .

Those who do routine maintenance and even major repairs themselves will know that it 's no fun lying on your back under the car , trying to release that stubborn sump plug or awkward steering joint .
those who do routine maintenance and even major repairs themselves will know that it 's no fun lying on your back under the car , trying to [free] that stubborn sump plug or awkward steering joint .

Christ 's atoning death on the cross is described as the price paid to release the slaves and free the condemned ( Eph .
christ 's atoning death on the cross is described as the price paid to [free] the slaves and free the condemned ( eph .

So far we have discussed the basic power of the night , which can cut through conventions and release emotional energy and revelation .
so far we have discussed the basic power of the night , which can cut through conventions and [free] emotional energy and revelation .

The big issue that morning was whether to release feeding stuff from the mills for distribution to the farms .
the big issue that morning was whether to [free] feeding stuff from the mills for distribution to the farms .

In the end the humanitarian arguments won and instructions were issued for the release of a limited amount .
in the end the humanitarian arguments won and instructions were issued for the [free] of a limited amount .

The men from the Rathcoole district waited for the order to come for their release , but nothing happened .
the men from the rathcoole district waited for the order to come for their [free] , but nothing happened .

The loyalist leaders who pressed for the release of the arrested officers were handicapped by a coolness just then among the public at the name Rathcoole .
the loyalist leaders who pressed for the [free] of the arrested officers were handicapped by a coolness just then among the public at the name rathcoole .

13.1 No Press or other publicity release relating to this Agreement or the project shall be made without the prior authority of the Project Manager as to the terms and date of such release .
13.1 no press or other publicity [free] relating to this agreement or the project shall be made without the prior authority of the project manager as to the terms and date of such [free] .

3.2 will inform of any application of the Work in any Licensed Product as defined in Schedule 1 in writing and prior to publication or release .
3.2 will inform of any application of the work in any licensed product as defined in schedule 1 in writing and prior to publication or [free] .

Software packages as yet to be developed and published for general release or as customized packages by with the same overall features of Inform , Workbase and Executive English .
software packages as yet to be developed and published for general [free] or as customized packages by with the same overall features of inform , workbase and executive english .

Resistance was volatile , at times anarchist in nature ; spontaneous riots against bread prices or unemployment were short lived , providing the poor with a temporary release of tension and an opportunity to express hostility to respectability and the law .
resistance was volatile , at times anarchist in nature ; spontaneous riots against bread prices or unemployment were short lived , providing the poor with a temporary [free] of tension and an opportunity to express hostility to respectability and the law .

He had turned her over then , his hands brutal , and removing his leather belt , had lashed her unmercifully across buttocks and thighs . Then , as faint with pain and fear , she had whimpered , begging him to release her , he had turned her on to her back again and leapt on top of her …
he had turned her over then , his hands brutal , and removing his leather belt , had lashed her unmercifully across buttocks and thighs . then , as faint with pain and fear , she had whimpered , begging him to [free] her , he had turned her on to her back again and leapt on top of her …

Reports suggest Sanyo Electric Co will release a Mips R4000-based Unix server by the middle of next year .
reports suggest sanyo electric co will [free] a mips r4000-based unix server by the middle of next year .

After his release from jail Leese decided to challenge the validity of his imprisonment by publishing My Irrelevant Defence , a lengthy justification of his charge that the Jews ritually murdered Christian children for their blood at Passover .
after his [free] from jail leese decided to challenge the validity of his imprisonment by publishing my irrelevant defence , a lengthy justification of his charge that the jews ritually murdered christian children for their blood at passover .

Its the first new release of the expert system for more than two years and Perez promises updated versions every twelve months from now on .
its the first new [free] of the expert system for more than two years and perez promises updated versions every twelve months from now on .

Oracle Corp plans to release the first benchmarks run on its parallel server technology within the next few weeks .
oracle corp plans to [free] the first benchmarks run on its parallel server technology within the next few weeks .

Novell Inc has introduced its NetWare 4.0 Software Developer 's Kit for programmers that want to produce NetWare Loadable Modules or client software for the next release of its network operating system : that release is not expected until next March .
novell inc has introduced its netware 4.0 software developer 's kit for programmers that want to produce netware loadable modules or client software for the next [free] of its network operating system : that [free] is not expected until next march .

This will be avoided only if adequate progress can be made in developing community services including community hospitals … the release of really substantial resources for deployment in the development of local psychiatric services generally is likely to be achieved only with the closure of a whole hospital .
this will be avoided only if adequate progress can be made in developing community services including community hospitals … the [free] of really substantial resources for deployment in the development of local psychiatric services generally is likely to be achieved only with the closure of a whole hospital .

As officers were to acknowledge in the formal consultation document on closure in 1986 , community mental health services were not all in place in the Riverside District , but the underlying objective of the strategy , to release resources to fund community service developments , had been achieved .
as officers were to acknowledge in the formal consultation document on closure in 1986 , community mental health services were not all in place in the riverside district , but the underlying objective of the strategy , to [free] resources to fund community service developments , had been achieved .

Cayman System Inc , Cambridge Massachusetts has updated its XGato software for turning a Apple Macintosh into a X-Window client for users of standard server release 2.0 which support colour monitors .
cayman system inc , cambridge massachusetts has updated its xgato software for turning a apple macintosh into a x-window client for users of standard server [free] 2.0 which support colour monitors .

Passing sentence , the judge said the fact that he had confessed would be a matter to be considered in his favour when consideration was given as to the time of his release back into the community .
passing sentence , the judge said the fact that he had confessed would be a matter to be considered in his favour when consideration was given as to the time of his [free] back into the community .

Island Graphics Inc , is to release an Open Look version of its Write , Draw & Paint 4.0 package for Sparcstations , and an OSF/Motif version of IslandPresents for Hewlett-Packard Co Unix systems .
island graphics inc , is to [free] an open look version of its write , draw & paint 4.0 package for sparcstations , and an osf/motif version of islandpresents for hewlett-packard co unix systems .

Meanwhile , Samsung says it will release a workstation based on Hewlett-Packard Ltd 's 7100 Precision Architecture-Risc microprocessor in October .
meanwhile , samsung says it will [free] a workstation based on hewlett-packard ltd 's 7100 precision architecture-risc microprocessor in october .

It will release the English version next month .
it will [free] the english version next month .

Release 7.3 will be available in the second quarter of 1993 priced at $ 435 per user for up to 64 users , $ 365 thereafter .
[free] 7.3 will be available in the second quarter of 1993 priced at $ 435 per user for up to 64 users , $ 365 thereafter .

The ability to break individual applications down into separate tasks — as long as the software is written in a suitably modular fashion — is known as application multi-threading , and will be supported in the next release of Solaris 2. x , according to Watkins .
the ability to break individual applications down into separate tasks — as long as the software is written in a suitably modular fashion — is known as application multi-threading , and will be supported in the next [free] of solaris 2. x , according to watkins .

General reaction from enthusiasts in Ireland has been a firm ‘ Thumbs Up ’ and many are looking forward to the release of Volume 2 .
general reaction from enthusiasts in ireland has been a firm ‘ thumbs up ’ and many are looking forward to the [free] of volume 2 .

The Group asked the members of the public to sign letters to the President of Syria requesting the release of Yuris-al-Hayik , their adopted prisoner .
the group asked the members of the public to sign letters to the president of syria requesting the [free] of yuris-al-hayik , their adopted prisoner .

Amnesty International considers all of them to be prisoners of conscience and has repeatedly called on successive Greek Governments to release them and introduce alternative civilian service of non-punitive length .
amnesty international considers all of them to be prisoners of conscience and has repeatedly called on successive greek governments to [free] them and introduce alternative civilian service of non-punitive length .

After his release Ahmed Ashraf and his lawyer submitted a formal , written complaint to the Procurator General 's Office .
after his [free] ahmed ashraf and his lawyer submitted a formal , written complaint to the procurator general 's office .

Video cameras could accompany Amnesty missions to secure unique footage for release to television worldwide .
video cameras could accompany amnesty missions to secure unique footage for [free] to television worldwide .

We offer excellent training in all aspects of Transfusion Science and help will be given towards State Registration and/or full professional qualifications with paid course and exam fees and time off for study on day release .
we offer excellent training in all aspects of transfusion science and help will be given towards state registration and/or full professional qualifications with paid course and exam fees and time off for study on day [free] .

Amnesty International is a worldwide human rights movement which works impartially for the release of prisoners of conscience : men , women and children detained anywhere for their beliefs , colour , ethnic origin , sex , religion or language , provided they have neither used nor advocated the use of violence .
amnesty international is a worldwide human rights movement which works impartially for the [free] of prisoners of conscience : men , women and children detained anywhere for their beliefs , colour , ethnic origin , sex , religion or language , provided they have neither used nor advocated the use of violence .

In October 1991 Amnesty International called for the release of 11 members of the South African human rights organization Black Sash , detained in the nominally independent ‘ homeland ’ of Bophuthatswana .
in october 1991 amnesty international called for the [free] of 11 members of the south african human rights organization black sash , detained in the nominally independent ‘ homeland ’ of bophuthatswana .

International appeals can help to secure the release of these prisoners or to improve their detention conditions .
international appeals can help to secure the [free] of these prisoners or to improve their detention conditions .

Please send courteous appeals for his immediate and unconditional release to :
please send courteous appeals for his immediate and unconditional [free] to :

Please send courteous letters appealing for the immediate release of Jampa Ngodrup to :
please send courteous letters appealing for the immediate [free] of jampa ngodrup to :

Please send courteous letters appealing for the immediate and unconditional release of Abie Nathan to :
please send courteous letters appealing for the immediate and unconditional [free] of abie nathan to :

Please send courteous letters appealing for his immediate and unconditional release to :
please send courteous letters appealing for his immediate and unconditional [free] to :

Serfaty 's unexpected release from Kenitra Jail on 13 September 1991 ended 17 years of imprisonment , and was one of the high points of Amnesty 's very successful Morocco campaign .
serfaty 's unexpected [free] from kenitra jail on 13 september 1991 ended 17 years of imprisonment , and was one of the high points of amnesty 's very successful morocco campaign .

In both cases students and colleagues of those detained have campaigned vigorously for their release and called for a removal of the intellectual straightjacket , but without success .
in both cases students and colleagues of those detained have campaigned vigorously for their [free] and called for a removal of the intellectual straightjacket , but without success .

He was tortured before his release in early 1990 .
he was tortured before his [free] in early 1990 .

Amnesty International is calling on the Cuban Government to release all prisoners of conscience immediately and unconditionally ; to permit political detainees to see their lawyers immediately after arrest and regularly thereafter ; and to incorporate international fair trial standards into Cuban law and legal practice .
amnesty international is calling on the cuban government to [free] all prisoners of conscience immediately and unconditionally ; to permit political detainees to see their lawyers immediately after arrest and regularly thereafter ; and to incorporate international fair trial standards into cuban law and legal practice .

The efforts to achieve Vera 's release take on a more desperate urgency in the face of her excruciating loss . ’
the efforts to achieve vera 's [free] take on a more desperate urgency in the face of her excruciating loss . ’

He said his membership of the Legal Aid Foundation helped to secure his early release .
he said his membership of the legal aid foundation helped to secure his early [free] .

Another release by Pentaline is ‘ Sabina 's Encounter ’ , a film that deals with barrenness in Africa .
another [free] by pentaline is ‘ sabina 's encounter ’ , a film that deals with barrenness in africa .

Then you can simply release your grip and back slowly away over a few paces .
then you can simply [free] your grip and back slowly away over a few paces .

At first you may have to prize open the jaws gently , but soon the puppy should learn to release the item without hesitation , if encouraged to do so by a display of affection afterwards .
at first you may have to prize open the jaws gently , but soon the puppy should learn to [free] the item without hesitation , if encouraged to do so by a display of affection afterwards .

Ritual has been regarded by several anthropologists as a social event in which pent-up emotions can find some form of release .
ritual has been regarded by several anthropologists as a social event in which pent-up emotions can find some form of [free] .

Empirical examples of peaceful societies , which do not need some release mechanism for assumed aggressive drives , should at least alert us to the possibly false linking of human aggression and human nature .
empirical examples of peaceful societies , which do not need some [free] mechanism for assumed aggressive drives , should at least alert us to the possibly false linking of human aggression and human nature .

Compare this with most mammals , in which mating is timed to coincide much more precisely with the release of an ovum .
compare this with most mammals , in which mating is timed to coincide much more precisely with the [free] of an ovum .

If another male is grabbed he will give a release call .
if another male is grabbed he will give a [free] call .

The advantage for the butterfly is that if a bird seizes it by the wings , and is reminded of some earlier unpleasant experience with the species and its toxin , it will release the insect unharmed : a bluejay that has never seen a monarch butterfly will readily catch and eat it ; but within 15–30 minutes the toxins in the butterfly 's body cause the bird to vomit , and one such encounter is sufficient to make a bluejay avoid monarchs thereafter .
the advantage for the butterfly is that if a bird seizes it by the wings , and is reminded of some earlier unpleasant experience with the species and its toxin , it will [free] the insect unharmed : a bluejay that has never seen a monarch butterfly will readily catch and eat it ; but within 15–30 minutes the toxins in the butterfly 's body cause the bird to vomit , and one such encounter is sufficient to make a bluejay avoid monarchs thereafter .

The Spanish Church , although forced by nineteenth-century liberal governments to release most of its vast landed wealth , remained during the early twentieth century a rich , powerful and traditionalist institution whose ties with the wealthy classes , moreover , were becoming closer .
the spanish church , although forced by nineteenth-century liberal governments to [free] most of its vast landed wealth , remained during the early twentieth century a rich , powerful and traditionalist institution whose ties with the wealthy classes , moreover , were becoming closer .

One such place where the two plates are edging past each other is at the San Andreas fault in Northern California : the consequences of a major release of tension along that line are too well-known , and too horrific , to bear repeating here .
one such place where the two plates are edging past each other is at the san andreas fault in northern california : the consequences of a major [free] of tension along that line are too well-known , and too horrific , to bear repeating here .

Dr Dobelle had found the whole experience so extraordinary that he had issued a press release ( no less ) recounting the adventure , and had sent copies to William from his office in Farmington , New York .
dr dobelle had found the whole experience so extraordinary that he had issued a press [free] ( no less ) recounting the adventure , and had sent copies to william from his office in farmington , new york .

He reached up to his skull as if to seize the beads which had once adorned his scalp , though those had long since been shorn off along with his excess of black greasy hair ; as if to tug those and release an inner pressure .
he reached up to his skull as if to seize the beads which had once adorned his scalp , though those had long since been shorn off along with his excess of black greasy hair ; as if to tug those and [free] an inner pressure .

He was Major Vasily Kypov , thirty-three years of service behind him , and three more to endure before the blessed release of retirement .
he was major vasily kypov , thirty-three years of service behind him , and three more to endure before the blessed [free] of retirement .

‘ Mr Carpenter told us why they would not release Michael .
‘ mr carpenter told us why they would not [free] michael .

Only when Holly 's hand was on the envelope did Adimov release his fingers ' grip .
only when holly 's hand was on the envelope did adimov [free] his fingers ' grip .

Occasionally the builder may raise minor maintenance problems to justify his failure to pay for work executed or to release retention .
occasionally the builder may raise minor maintenance problems to justify his failure to pay for work executed or to [free] retention .

( b ) Not only does the builder hold a retention of from 5 % to 10 % , but also up to a week 's payment in hand , and the release of either will be subject to the sub-contractor achieving a satisfactory quality of work .
( b ) not only does the builder hold a retention of from 5 % to 10 % , but also up to a week 's payment in hand , and the [free] of either will be subject to the sub-contractor achieving a satisfactory quality of work .

It is also possible to identify land scheduled for development in future years , particularly where the development of an area is delayed due to problems with infrastructure , for example where the release of land is delayed pending improvements to sewers or sewerage disposal facilities .
it is also possible to identify land scheduled for development in future years , particularly where the development of an area is delayed due to problems with infrastructure , for example where the [free] of land is delayed pending improvements to sewers or sewerage disposal facilities .

Belov had studied her and contrived her release … and for him it had ended with his body face-down in the icy waters of the Neva .
belov had studied her and contrived her [free] … and for him it had ended with his body face-down in the icy waters of the neva .

She was wondering if it was true , if he could somehow arrange her release ; doctors had ordered her internment , so surely it was possible for another doctor to end it .
she was wondering if it was true , if he could somehow arrange her [free] ; doctors had ordered her internment , so surely it was possible for another doctor to end it .

Borrowing her for dissertation research was one thing — she was sure now that this was the reason behind her removal from the hospital — but a release seemed , frankly , unlikely .
borrowing her for dissertation research was one thing — she was sure now that this was the reason behind her removal from the hospital — but a [free] seemed , frankly , unlikely .

Somebody was out of town for two days , he explained , somebody who would block any proposal for her release as a matter of course .
somebody was out of town for two days , he explained , somebody who would block any proposal for her [free] as a matter of course .

Alleyne stepped onto a specially constructed rostrum and cut a pink and white ribbon to release a profusion of pink and white fresh hibiscus petals onto the crowd who exclaimed and applauded .
alleyne stepped onto a specially constructed rostrum and cut a pink and white ribbon to [free] a profusion of pink and white fresh hibiscus petals onto the crowd who exclaimed and applauded .

Although she felt she had settled down a lot since her last release from prison , she was still having difficulties coping with the day-to-day strain and isolation of being a single parent .
although she felt she had settled down a lot since her last [free] from prison , she was still having difficulties coping with the day-to-day strain and isolation of being a single parent .

All served to show him just how much the T'ang depended on his father to release these words , these thoughts , these feelings .
all served to show him just how much the t'ang depended on his father to [free] these words , these thoughts , these feelings .

The sudden release after tortured hours of imprisonment was almost too much .
the sudden [free] after tortured hours of imprisonment was almost too much .

English source text ( Brintons — press release ; see Appendix 9 ) :
english source text ( brintons — press [free] ; see appendix 9 ) :

If , upon arrival of the goods , the consignee does not have the required bill of lading in his possession , he often obtains the carrier 's release of the goods by tendering an acceptable letter of indemnity .
if , upon arrival of the goods , the consignee does not have the required bill of lading in his possession , he often obtains the carrier 's [free] of the goods by tendering an acceptable letter of indemnity .

Bertha Cohen went out to the yard to release the hens from the coop , calling to Judith to bring some meal for them .
bertha cohen went out to the yard to [free] the hens from the coop , calling to judith to bring some meal for them .

He was n't too upset when at first his mind rebelled at the change of pace — a cluck or two was sufficient to make his straying hand release an unanswered letter , a firmer reprimand put aside his list of tasks for the next day .
he was n't too upset when at first his mind rebelled at the change of pace — a cluck or two was sufficient to make his straying hand [free] an unanswered letter , a firmer reprimand put aside his list of tasks for the next day .

But as the priest stood at his study window , fingers joined in thanksgiving to the night sky for his release from the bitter-sweet torture of reliving what was dead and gone , his mind quailed before his new dilemma .
but as the priest stood at his study window , fingers joined in thanksgiving to the night sky for his [free] from the bitter-sweet torture of reliving what was dead and gone , his mind quailed before his new dilemma .

The premature release of these plans was a source of embarrassment and irritation to ministers as it might stir up greater opposition to what they wanted to do .
the premature [free] of these plans was a source of embarrassment and irritation to ministers as it might stir up greater opposition to what they wanted to do .

Arguments have arisen over proposals to introduce automatic parole for short-term prisoners ; also over the possibility of dividing every sentence of three years or under into three parts : imprisonment , supervised release , and remission ( which Lords Justices on the criminal side of the Court of Appeal made clear they did not like ) .
arguments have arisen over proposals to introduce automatic parole for short-term prisoners ; also over the possibility of dividing every sentence of three years or under into three parts : imprisonment , supervised [free] , and remission ( which lords justices on the criminal side of the court of appeal made clear they did not like ) .

He tried not to think of that other night , more than five years ago , when he and Ebenezer had walked this same path , on their way — or so they thought — to release Izzy Kleiber .
he tried not to think of that other night , more than five years ago , when he and ebenezer had walked this same path , on their way — or so they thought — to [free] izzy kleiber .

Further and highly satisfactory was an agreement that , having already released 23 detainees since the end of March 1971 , the Rhodesian government would state their intention to release a further 31 detainees out of 93 as soon as the necessary arrangements could be made and that there would be a new special review of the cases of all detainees .
further and highly satisfactory was an agreement that , having already released 23 detainees since the end of march 1971 , the rhodesian government would state their intention to [free] a further 31 detainees out of 93 as soon as the necessary arrangements could be made and that there would be a new special review of the cases of all detainees .

The immediate ‘ bone ’ offered to Mrs Castle was the phasing out of 1,000 pay beds , but that thereafter further pay beds would only be phased out on the direction of the newly established board , with a number of criteria required to justify the release of additional beds : the principal one being the establishment of an alternative source of private beds in the locality of change .
the immediate ‘ bone ’ offered to mrs castle was the phasing out of 1,000 pay beds , but that thereafter further pay beds would only be phased out on the direction of the newly established board , with a number of criteria required to justify the [free] of additional beds : the principal one being the establishment of an alternative source of private beds in the locality of change .

‘ Quite horrible , a growth like that — and lingering so , it was a merciful release .
‘ quite horrible , a growth like that — and lingering so , it was a merciful [free] .

Half in panic , half in the laughter of release , she turned and turned on the same spot . Where 's Maggie going to meet us — me ?
half in panic , half in the laughter of [free] , she turned and turned on the same spot . where 's maggie going to meet us — me ?

Many who moved were glad to do so and the economy as a whole has benefited from the release of agricultural labour to take up employment in the expanding manufacturing and service sectors .
many who moved were glad to do so and the economy as a whole has benefited from the [free] of agricultural labour to take up employment in the expanding manufacturing and service sectors .

David tried without success to release Clare .
david tried without success to [free] clare .

They came in unison , screaming their release simultaneously .
they came in unison , screaming their [free] simultaneously .

‘ The birds in Crendal Wood release pen are nice strong ones .
‘ the birds in crendal wood [free] pen are nice strong ones .

Kate felt the eyes of the desk sergeant boring into the back of her head as she signed the papers for her daughter 's release .
kate felt the eyes of the desk sergeant boring into the back of her head as she signed the papers for her daughter 's [free] .

The British , when they arrived , had only the most limited objective : to disarm the enemy and release their captives .
the british , when they arrived , had only the most limited objective : to disarm the enemy and [free] their captives .

His apparent apostasy did not secure his release .
his apparent apostasy did not secure his [free] .

Thousands more were exiled in labour camps on distant islands with no hope of release .
thousands more were exiled in labour camps on distant islands with no hope of [free] .

On release he became a practitioner in Chinese medicine .
on [free] he became a practitioner in chinese medicine .

This conflict arises because any directives towards making nationalized industries more fully accountable would , on the one hand , lead to the release of commercially confidential information that would be readily available to private sector competitors , and , on the other hand , would provide for potential political exploitation by those either for or against the concept of nationalization .
this conflict arises because any directives towards making nationalized industries more fully accountable would , on the one hand , lead to the [free] of commercially confidential information that would be readily available to private sector competitors , and , on the other hand , would provide for potential political exploitation by those either for or against the concept of nationalization .

Upstream engineers must be willing to release preliminary information even though it is subject to change .
upstream engineers must be willing to [free] preliminary information even though it is subject to change .

In particular , lead time can be shortened through the optimum design of drawing release , purchasing strategies and fabrication procedures in the shop .
in particular , lead time can be shortened through the optimum design of drawing [free] , purchasing strategies and fabrication procedures in the shop .

They expect to release a version priced at £50 during 1992 .
they expect to [free] a version priced at £50 during 1992 .

It saw a role for internal assessment ( internal to the school ) in helping to release the school curriculum from total control by examination syllabuses originating outside of the school .
it saw a role for internal assessment ( internal to the school ) in helping to [free] the school curriculum from total control by examination syllabuses originating outside of the school .

Testing inevitably raises many issues , but we will consider five main ones : the validity of testing and other product measures ; the technical problems ; the possibility of curriculum backwash ; use of test results to allocate resources ; the release or publication of results .
testing inevitably raises many issues , but we will consider five main ones : the validity of testing and other product measures ; the technical problems ; the possibility of curriculum backwash ; use of test results to allocate resources ; the [free] or publication of results .

An issue which has also caused controversy involves the release of results of individual schools .
an issue which has also caused controversy involves the [free] of results of individual schools .

Simultaneously with the announcement to the Standing Committee , a press release was issued announcing the withdrawal of clause 54(4) . It referred to the same matters as the Financial Secretary had stated to the Committee and concluded :
simultaneously with the announcement to the standing committee , a press [free] was issued announcing the withdrawal of clause 54(4) . it referred to the same matters as the financial secretary had stated to the committee and concluded :

He was fully aware of the blasphemy implicit in suggesting that human beings were not created by God as separate and distinct from nature , and of the turmoil that such a theory would release on the Victorian world .
he was fully aware of the blasphemy implicit in suggesting that human beings were not created by god as separate and distinct from nature , and of the turmoil that such a theory would [free] on the victorian world .

After his release and recovery he joined a United Nations medical programme for Third World nations , and reached Celebes in the early 1950s as part of a team of sixteen other doctors and nurses .
after his [free] and recovery he joined a united nations medical programme for third world nations , and reached celebes in the early 1950s as part of a team of sixteen other doctors and nurses .

To release this time you must not tolerate desultory study , giving up at the slightest excuse before any solid result is accomplished .
to [free] this time you must not tolerate desultory study , giving up at the slightest excuse before any solid result is accomplished .

When a period of stable , anticyclonic weather arrives , the workers release a chemical into the air which stimulates the males and queens to emerge simultaneously from nests over many square kilometres .
when a period of stable , anticyclonic weather arrives , the workers [free] a chemical into the air which stimulates the males and queens to emerge simultaneously from nests over many square kilometres .

The stinging bee will release an alarm scent , causing others to pour out of the hive and join in the attack .
the stinging bee will [free] an alarm scent , causing others to pour out of the hive and join in the attack .

These leaps can be over 3 metres high , and the accompanying kicks release scent from glands on their fetlocks into the air .
these leaps can be over 3 metres high , and the accompanying kicks [free] scent from glands on their fetlocks into the air .

Just as antelope release alarm scents from glands , all mammals secrete their scents through special glands of varying design , dotted around their bodies .
just as antelope [free] alarm scents from glands , all mammals secrete their scents through special glands of varying design , dotted around their bodies .

On release , the pigeons showed that they had learned the smells associated with the different compass bearings .
on [free] , the pigeons showed that they had learned the smells associated with the different compass bearings .

Many moths also use aphrodisiacs , and have elaborate organs to release their exotic scents , such as hairs , brushes and large , inflatable sacs .
many moths also use aphrodisiacs , and have elaborate organs to [free] their exotic scents , such as hairs , brushes and large , inflatable sacs .

In this way , the polyps synchronise the release of their sexual cells so precisely that the event occurs at the same hour on a particular night each year , turning the sea into a multi-coloured reproductive soup .
in this way , the polyps synchronise the [free] of their sexual cells so precisely that the event occurs at the same hour on a particular night each year , turning the sea into a multi-coloured reproductive soup .

( Paradoxically the release of tension enabled him in the next week to run up , turn out , patch together , a poetical melodrama about Cabestainh with which the house-guests had some civilised fun . )
( paradoxically the [free] of tension enabled him in the next week to run up , turn out , patch together , a poetical melodrama about cabestainh with which the house-guests had some civilised fun . )

Plants which have very aromatic leaves are delightful to plant in such areas , as the hot sun helps release the aromatic oils , and the fragrant air which results adds another dimension to the pleasure of eating or sitting outdoors .
plants which have very aromatic leaves are delightful to plant in such areas , as the hot sun helps [free] the aromatic oils , and the fragrant air which results adds another dimension to the pleasure of eating or sitting outdoors .

For a cool shady corner which gets sun at some time during the day , comfrey , sorrel , costmary , alkanet and chervil would do well , and for perfume , the container could include Rosa damascena , pinks , mignonette , honeysuckle or jasmine , and wallflowers , herbs which release their fragrance into the air .
for a cool shady corner which gets sun at some time during the day , comfrey , sorrel , costmary , alkanet and chervil would do well , and for perfume , the container could include rosa damascena , pinks , mignonette , honeysuckle or jasmine , and wallflowers , herbs which [free] their fragrance into the air .

Complex carbohydrates are desirable for three reasons : they are slowly digested and release their energy at a steadier rate foods rich in complex carbohydrates are also rich in vitamins and minerals , which are essential for the metabolism of sugar and the steady release of its energy such foods are also high in fibre , high intakes of which are associated with many health benefits .
complex carbohydrates are desirable for three reasons : they are slowly digested and [free] their energy at a steadier rate foods rich in complex carbohydrates are also rich in vitamins and minerals , which are essential for the metabolism of sugar and the steady [free] of its energy such foods are also high in fibre , high intakes of which are associated with many health benefits .

The slower the passage of food fibre and food residues through the colon , the greater the breakdown of the fibre and release of energy .
the slower the passage of food fibre and food residues through the colon , the greater the breakdown of the fibre and [free] of energy .

As fibre-rich waste products are broken down in the large bowel , a number of products are formed apart from the release of calories .
as fibre-rich waste products are broken down in the large bowel , a number of products are formed apart from the [free] of calories .

Alcohol in conjunction with sugar increases the release of insulin , a hormone which may cause a lowering of blood sugar and may lead to obesity .
alcohol in conjunction with sugar increases the [free] of insulin , a hormone which may cause a lowering of blood sugar and may lead to obesity .

Caffeine may cause a rise in blood sugar and this , by stimulating insulin release , may lead to fat deposition .
caffeine may cause a rise in blood sugar and this , by stimulating insulin [free] , may lead to fat deposition .

Many now have a pause button which allows you to avoid these irritations and means that play starts again immediately you release pause .
many now have a pause button which allows you to avoid these irritations and means that play starts again immediately you [free] pause .

The approach of evening and release from the heat had transformed the city through which they rode , and the tree-lined streets that had been scorched and deserted on their arrival were coming rapidly to life .
the approach of evening and [free] from the heat had transformed the city through which they rode , and the tree-lined streets that had been scorched and deserted on their arrival were coming rapidly to life .

But the strangeness of the tropics and the sophistication of the almost-forgotten culture from which she had sprung had greatly exaggerated her sense of release from the frustrations of the past .
but the strangeness of the tropics and the sophistication of the almost-forgotten culture from which she had sprung had greatly exaggerated her sense of [free] from the frustrations of the past .

If this is not true , it may be necessary to collect animals from a range of sites , mark them and release them again on a single site some considerable time before the project is to be carried out .
if this is not true , it may be necessary to collect animals from a range of sites , mark them and [free] them again on a single site some considerable time before the project is to be carried out .

On each subsequent visit the distance of the marked animals from the release point is measured .
on each subsequent visit the distance of the marked animals from the [free] point is measured .

Alongside the bogwood safe plastic pipes were laid out of view ( safe meaning that they would not release toxins into the water ) .
alongside the bogwood safe plastic pipes were laid out of view ( safe meaning that they would not [free] toxins into the water ) .

The basic system — the arms are cut to length to match the ( narrowest ) width of the pool , and have holes on opposite sides which release the water causing the whole unit to rotate .
the basic system — the arms are cut to length to match the ( narrowest ) width of the pool , and have holes on opposite sides which [free] the water causing the whole unit to rotate .

Cube Boxfish can release a poisonous substance if badly-handled or attacked .
cube boxfish can [free] a poisonous substance if badly-handled or attacked .

Boxfish ( ostraciontidae ) release a poisonous substance into the aquarium if badly handled or attacked by other fish sufficient to kill all fish in the same aquarium and itself . Some experts recommend introducing these fish into the aquarium in advance of other fish to reduce the fatal consequences
boxfish ( ostraciontidae ) [free] a poisonous substance into the aquarium if badly handled or attacked by other fish sufficient to kill all fish in the same aquarium and itself . some experts recommend introducing these fish into the aquarium in advance of other fish to reduce the fatal consequences

This is caused by release of carbon dioxide , which gases off providing there is good water turbulence such as might be provided by a waterfall or venturi .
this is caused by [free] of carbon dioxide , which gases off providing there is good water turbulence such as might be provided by a waterfall or venturi .

This oxygen release will ensure that there is sufficient in all but the most overcrowded pond , throughout the day time .
this oxygen [free] will ensure that there is sufficient in all but the most overcrowded pond , throughout the day time .

If you do want to keep toads , do obtain adults rather than rear from spawn , as you would otherwise have to release perhaps dozens of surplus animals into an environment that might not suit them .
if you do want to keep toads , do obtain adults rather than rear from spawn , as you would otherwise have to [free] perhaps dozens of surplus animals into an environment that might not suit them .

Many of the effects described in this and the next chapter depend on the optical step-printer which is a ‘ one-frame-at-a-time ’ printer , as opposed to continuous run past a light-admitting slit as used to produce duplicates ( 'dupes ' ) and release prints .
many of the effects described in this and the next chapter depend on the optical step-printer which is a ‘ one-frame-at-a-time ’ printer , as opposed to continuous run past a light-admitting slit as used to produce duplicates ( 'dupes ' ) and [free] prints .

Normally , release prints are made from a duplicate ( 'dupe ' ) negative , much as the pictures in this book are made from dupes of the ( expensive , irreplaceable ) slides borrowed from agencies .
normally , [free] prints are made from a duplicate ( 'dupe ' ) negative , much as the pictures in this book are made from dupes of the ( expensive , irreplaceable ) slides borrowed from agencies .

For Scott the design of the film rather than its storyline was the real statement and he refused to philosophize about its meaning at the time of Blade Runner 's release , and quick demise ( it was subsequently resurrected as a cult movie and video hit ) .
for scott the design of the film rather than its storyline was the real statement and he refused to philosophize about its meaning at the time of blade runner 's [free] , and quick demise ( it was subsequently resurrected as a cult movie and video hit ) .

Under Criminal Justice Act 1991 the position of an offender who commits an offence following his release from a long sentence such as the 15 years which the appellant had received in 1981 will be very different .
under criminal justice act 1991 the position of an offender who commits an offence following his [free] from a long sentence such as the 15 years which the appellant had received in 1981 will be very different .

Veering between epic pop and clever soul pastiche , Outernational may be his most assured release since 1982 's Sulk .
veering between epic pop and clever soul pastiche , outernational may be his most assured [free] since 1982 's sulk .

His images have definitely earned themselves a place in the visual language of the past two decades , having been published frequently in newspapers , pamphlets and on postcards , though the claim in a recent press release that his Haywain with Cruise Missiles image was now almost as well known as the original painting by Constable does seem a little far-fetched .
his images have definitely earned themselves a place in the visual language of the past two decades , having been published frequently in newspapers , pamphlets and on postcards , though the claim in a recent press [free] that his haywain with cruise missiles image was now almost as well known as the original painting by constable does seem a little far-fetched .

Following the safety line up to your guide boat seems to be the best possibility , but only if the line has not been cut on the sharp edges of the ice , or if the boat tender has not had to release the safety line to keep his boat from being capsized or dragged under the iceberg .
following the safety line up to your guide boat seems to be the best possibility , but only if the line has not been cut on the sharp edges of the ice , or if the boat tender has not had to [free] the safety line to keep his boat from being capsized or dragged under the iceberg .

He was 17 years-old , and he enjoyed the release of physical labour , but his first love had always been photography .
he was 17 years-old , and he enjoyed the [free] of physical labour , but his first love had always been photography .

and keep that release for the pain
and keep that [free] for the pain

Not the most ceremonious release
not the most ceremonious [free]

There was a transfer waiting list of over 500 applicants in early 1980 in South Hams , and many of these , if moved , would release houses for families , especially if they were elderly persons waiting to go into purpose-built flats .
there was a transfer waiting list of over 500 applicants in early 1980 in south hams , and many of these , if moved , would [free] houses for families , especially if they were elderly persons waiting to go into purpose-built flats .

The Scottish Development Department ( 1980 ) also suggest that all allocation schemes should be sensitive to transfer requests , especially where these will release housing that is in considerable demand by other groups .
the scottish development department ( 1980 ) also suggest that all allocation schemes should be sensitive to transfer requests , especially where these will [free] housing that is in considerable demand by other groups .

The difficulty about regarding this as the whole story , however , is that the court does not seem to have been in doubt that the purpose of the additional charges was to prevent the release of the applicants , but it did not regard this as conclusive .
the difficulty about regarding this as the whole story , however , is that the court does not seem to have been in doubt that the purpose of the additional charges was to prevent the [free] of the applicants , but it did not regard this as conclusive .

One could distinguish , for instance , the rift song ( Led Zeppelin 's ‘ Whole Lotta Love ’ ) ; the call-and-response or antiphonal song ( the Who 's ‘ My Generation ’ ) ; the tension/release song , built on an alternation of narrative or repetition and lyrical release ( from Elvis Presley 's ‘ Jailhouse Rock ’ to the Rolling Stones ' ‘ Satisfaction ’ , ‘ Sympathy for the Devil ’ , ‘ Jumpin ' Jack Flash ’ , and many others ) ; and a revival of its close relative , the verse-and-refrain song form ( probably derived from ‘ folk ’ traditions : many of Bob Dylan 's songs are classic examples ) Altogether , then , at this macro-structural level it is certainly true that almost all popular music works within the sphere of the known .
one could distinguish , for instance , the rift song ( led zeppelin 's ‘ whole lotta love ’ ) ; the call-and-response or antiphonal song ( the who 's ‘ my generation ’ ) ; the tension/release song , built on an alternation of narrative or repetition and lyrical [free] ( from elvis presley 's ‘ jailhouse rock ’ to the rolling stones ' ‘ satisfaction ’ , ‘ sympathy for the devil ’ , ‘ jumpin ' jack flash ’ , and many others ) ; and a revival of its close relative , the verse-and-refrain song form ( probably derived from ‘ folk ’ traditions : many of bob dylan 's songs are classic examples ) altogether , then , at this macro-structural level it is certainly true that almost all popular music works within the sphere of the known .

The obverse of Wilson 's attack on the ‘ grouse-moor ’ Tories was his promotion of the Labour Party as ‘ modern ’ and ‘ scientific ’ , as poised to release the ‘ technological revolution ’ .
the obverse of wilson 's attack on the ‘ grouse-moor ’ tories was his promotion of the labour party as ‘ modern ’ and ‘ scientific ’ , as poised to [free] the ‘ technological revolution ’ .

This was the basic reason for Britain 's poor investment record and profitability , and what was needed was the release of resources from the unproductive areas in order to rebuild the productive base .
this was the basic reason for britain 's poor investment record and profitability , and what was needed was the [free] of resources from the unproductive areas in order to rebuild the productive base .

Officer conspirators were working on their sergeants by offers of land and release from the army — a reduction in service was later to be the standard inducement to mutiny offered by generals to their troops .
officer conspirators were working on their sergeants by offers of land and [free] from the army — a reduction in service was later to be the standard inducement to mutiny offered by generals to their troops .

It was only by directing light through facets at the right angles that craftsmen were able to release the fire and brilliance of diamonds and other transparent precious stones in a manner best fitted to symbolize and indeed embody the highest degree of excellence and majesty .
it was only by directing light through facets at the right angles that craftsmen were able to [free] the fire and brilliance of diamonds and other transparent precious stones in a manner best fitted to symbolize and indeed embody the highest degree of excellence and majesty .

It was only when lapidaries had discovered how to release the fire of diamonds by cutting them at angles devised to admit and reflect the maximum amount of light that the coloured varieties of transparent stones were subjected to the same treatment .
it was only when lapidaries had discovered how to [free] the fire of diamonds by cutting them at angles devised to admit and reflect the maximum amount of light that the coloured varieties of transparent stones were subjected to the same treatment .

On his early records , Waits sang about the boozy netherworld of urban America with a whisky-soaked , tobacco-stained voice that seemed to grow craggier with each release .
on his early records , waits sang about the boozy netherworld of urban america with a whisky-soaked , tobacco-stained voice that seemed to grow craggier with each [free] .

After the release of the lacklustre concert album , Big Time , in 1988 , Waits virtually withdrew from music to concentrate on his burgeoning movie career .
after the [free] of the lacklustre concert album , big time , in 1988 , waits virtually withdrew from music to concentrate on his burgeoning movie career .

One his release he had moved to a flat in Hazeldene Drive .
one his [free] he had moved to a flat in hazeldene drive .

Once an offender was found guilty , however , the sentence should follow automatically ; in the strict classicism of Beccaria there was no room for clemency by way of pardons , reduction of sentences because of mitigating circumstances , or early release from the punishment laid down .
once an offender was found guilty , however , the sentence should follow automatically ; in the strict classicism of beccaria there was no room for clemency by way of pardons , reduction of sentences because of mitigating circumstances , or early [free] from the punishment laid down .

Prisoners were to be made to perform productive work within the prison in a consistent and regular manner in order that they should acquire rational work habits which they would continue after release instead of returning to crime .
prisoners were to be made to perform productive work within the prison in a consistent and regular manner in order that they should acquire rational work habits which they would continue after [free] instead of returning to crime .

Positivism particularly favours the indeterminate sentence : it is premature to decide at the time of sentence how long the offender should be detained for , since this may depend on how quickly the treatment works ; ideally therefore the release decision should be left in the hands of treatment experts to take at a later date .
positivism particularly favours the indeterminate sentence : it is premature to decide at the time of sentence how long the offender should be detained for , since this may depend on how quickly the treatment works ; ideally therefore the [free] decision should be left in the hands of treatment experts to take at a later date .

One is the number of people committed to prison in any one year ( referred to as the rate of imprisonment or number of prison receptions ) ; the second is the length of sentence actually imposed by the courts ; and the third ( over which the courts have no direct control ) is the operation of the various forms of executive release , such as parole ( and , formerly , remission ) , which we will be looking at in Chapter 6 .
one is the number of people committed to prison in any one year ( referred to as the rate of imprisonment or number of prison receptions ) ; the second is the length of sentence actually imposed by the courts ; and the third ( over which the courts have no direct control ) is the operation of the various forms of executive [free] , such as parole ( and , formerly , remission ) , which we will be looking at in chapter 6 .

He reached for the door control and the lock hissed with the release of compressed air .
he reached for the door control and the lock hissed with the [free] of compressed air .

This time the display flashed a red warning signal : Danger — Pod Hatch Release — Do Not Operate Until Pod Has Grounded Rostov grinned relief .
this time the display flashed a red warning signal : danger — pod hatch [free] — do not operate until pod has grounded rostov grinned relief .

He was pleased to discover that the Simonova was equipped with the type of pod which permitted the moment of release to be selected independently .
he was pleased to discover that the simonova was equipped with the type of pod which permitted the moment of [free] to be selected independently .

‘ Disarm them and release them .
‘ disarm them and [free] them .

That was how Volkov had discovered the real implications of his release .
that was how volkov had discovered the real implications of his [free] .

He 's taken no part in politics since his release .
he 's taken no part in politics since his [free] .

Epps and Epps ( 1976 ) presented a theoretical model of the determination of the equilibrium asset price following the release of a piece of information .
epps and epps ( 1976 ) presented a theoretical model of the determination of the equilibrium asset price following the [free] of a piece of information .

In the pub on the night of John 's kidnap people had tried to reassure me that if he was n't freed soon then there would be nationwide protests demanding his release .
in the pub on the night of john 's kidnap people had tried to reassure me that if he was n't freed soon then there would be nationwide protests demanding his [free] .

Following the video from Charles Glass , there was much talk of the Syrians doing their utmost to release him .
following the video from charles glass , there was much talk of the syrians doing their utmost to [free] him .

By the time the summer was over , the predictions that Syria was about to release all the hostages had come to nothing and the issue was dead again .
by the time the summer was over , the predictions that syria was about to [free] all the hostages had come to nothing and the issue was dead again .

There 'd been a repeat of the sensational reports about Waite — he 'd died of a heart attack in an Iranian prison camp and his body returned to Beirut , or the island of Cyprus was on alert for his imminent release — and a three-day series on all the hostages in the Independent , but there was still no questioning of government policy nor a proper analysis of what was really happening .
there 'd been a repeat of the sensational reports about waite — he 'd died of a heart attack in an iranian prison camp and his body returned to beirut , or the island of cyprus was on alert for his imminent [free] — and a three-day series on all the hostages in the independent , but there was still no questioning of government policy nor a proper analysis of what was really happening .

as if to mock us , Howe 's remarks preceded the release of the South Korean hostage Do Chae Sung by just a few weeks and the liberation of two French hostages by just over a month .
as if to mock us , howe 's remarks preceded the [free] of the south korean hostage do chae sung by just a few weeks and the liberation of two french hostages by just over a month .

The release of the Frenchmen , Jean-Louis Normandin and Roger Auque , by the Revolutionary Justice Organization on John 's birthday took place against a backdrop of bombings and embassy sieges in Paris and Teheran .
the [free] of the frenchmen , jean-louis normandin and roger auque , by the revolutionary justice organization on john 's birthday took place against a backdrop of bombings and embassy sieges in paris and teheran .

The moment they think he is valuable , the price on his head goes up , and it makes it that much harder to release him .
the moment they think he is valuable , the price on his head goes up , and it makes it that much harder to [free] him .

As long as he 's unimportant , the kidnappers might release him .
as long as he 's unimportant , the kidnappers might [free] him .

After the release of the two Frenchmen , Hugo Young had written an article in the Guardian that we seized on as if it were a lifeline .
after the [free] of the two frenchmen , hugo young had written an article in the guardian that we seized on as if it were a lifeline .

We talked endlessly about the possible timetable for release .
we talked endlessly about the possible timetable for [free] .

Despite obvious Iranian links with our captors , Britain appeared determined only to exploit the better relationship with Iran for British companies seeking contracts there , rather than using it to secure our release .
despite obvious iranian links with our captors , britain appeared determined only to exploit the better relationship with iran for british companies seeking contracts there , rather than using it to secure our [free] .

By extending ties the country stood to gain in political and economic terms , as well as improving the chances for the release of Nicholas Nichola and Roger Cooper , Britons held without trial in Tehran , and indeed for those of us held hostage in Lebanon .
by extending ties the country stood to gain in political and economic terms , as well as improving the chances for the [free] of nicholas nichola and roger cooper , britons held without trial in tehran , and indeed for those of us held hostage in lebanon .

We tried to hope that they were going to release Franky and that they simply did n't want the rest of us to get angry and depressed .
we tried to hope that they were going to [free] franky and that they simply did n't want the rest of us to get angry and depressed .

Was the word from on high that all plans for release had been shelved ?
was the word from on high that all plans for [free] had been shelved ?

We wondered if this had been going on since we were moved out of Beirut last May , but there was nothing else to indicate any serious set-back to our chances of release .
we wondered if this had been going on since we were moved out of beirut last may , but there was nothing else to indicate any serious set-back to our chances of [free] .

We had to find a way of convincing ourselves that any move , no move , any news , no news , good treatment , bad treatment were all indicative of imminent release .
we had to find a way of convincing ourselves that any move , no move , any news , no news , good treatment , bad treatment were all indicative of imminent [free] .

It might suggest that all bets were off on the release stakes or , ever hopeful , it might be that they were planning on letting us go and did n't want us to be able to give any hint , however vague , as to the whereabouts of the Yanks .
it might suggest that all bets were off on the [free] stakes or , ever hopeful , it might be that they were planning on letting us go and did n't want us to be able to give any hint , however vague , as to the whereabouts of the yanks .

From this point on , there were to be no more magazines , nor any news of any kind — even on our third anniversary in April , until after Brian 's release more than a year later .
from this point on , there were to be no more magazines , nor any news of any kind — even on our third anniversary in april , until after brian 's [free] more than a year later .

Shortly after Frank 's release our belief that there was another hostage in the apartment was borne out when he was moved into the room next door where Frank had spent his last day .
shortly after frank 's [free] our belief that there was another hostage in the apartment was borne out when he was moved into the room next door where frank had spent his last day .

It was only natural that we should interpret all this as preparation for release , that we would go home looking fit and not too pale .
it was only natural that we should interpret all this as preparation for [free] , that we would go home looking fit and not too pale .

Carlton will publish 25 titles this year , and 40 next , adopting a ‘ strict pattern of release ’ , so as not to crowd the market .
carlton will publish 25 titles this year , and 40 next , adopting a ‘ strict pattern of [free] ’ , so as not to crowd the market .

Of course the country may be riveted by the latest video release or the latest Nintendo game .
of course the country may be riveted by the latest video [free] or the latest nintendo game .

The rule is probably inapplicable to a deliberate release of the thing , the cause of action in that situation being trespass .
the rule is probably inapplicable to a deliberate [free] of the thing , the cause of action in that situation being trespass .

He suddenly wondered whether she smiled like that because she could rarely allow herself the full release of a complete smile , but must always keep one side of her lips tucked under control .
he suddenly wondered whether she smiled like that because she could rarely allow herself the full [free] of a complete smile , but must always keep one side of her lips tucked under control .

release , hustling their patrons to the Strand .
[free] , hustling their patrons to the strand .

The letters should convey concern about the critical state of Daw Aung San Suu Kyi 's health , urge that she should be granted free access to a doctor of her choice , and appeal for her immediate and unconditional release .
the letters should convey concern about the critical state of daw aung san suu kyi 's health , urge that she should be granted free access to a doctor of her choice , and appeal for her immediate and unconditional [free] .

Finally , a word about Millennium 's project to release uniform editions of Michael Moorcock 's Eternal Champion series .
finally , a word about millennium 's project to [free] uniform editions of michael moorcock 's eternal champion series .

We 've pieced together the fragments of leaks and rumours concerning the latest version of the 10-year-old operating system , due to release at the end of March .
we 've pieced together the fragments of leaks and rumours concerning the latest version of the 10-year-old operating system , due to [free] at the end of march .

When you 've finished , you release a single catch at the back , the screen lifts up again , the bottom tilts towards you and the whole lot folds back down over the keyboard , and reverts to a flat tablet .
when you 've finished , you [free] a single catch at the back , the screen lifts up again , the bottom tilts towards you and the whole lot folds back down over the keyboard , and reverts to a flat tablet .

They agreed to release him as an uncontested registration to enable him to find a county where he could hope for greater opportunities , and although we ca n't guarantee a first-team place , he 'll get plenty of chances if he does the business .
they agreed to [free] him as an uncontested registration to enable him to find a county where he could hope for greater opportunities , and although we ca n't guarantee a first-team place , he 'll get plenty of chances if he does the business .

Lee has rejected speculation that social workers might release fresh medical evidence , saying it would not be in the interests of the children .
lee has rejected speculation that social workers might [free] fresh medical evidence , saying it would not be in the interests of the children .

This ratio has been reported in several series of patients with malignant disease taking continuing oral doses of slow release morphine and having satisfactory levels of analgesia : in one series of 40 patients the mean plasma ratio was 5:1 and in another of 151 patients it was 4.5:1 ; in another 40 patients the ratio in the cerebrospinal fluid was 6:1 .
this ratio has been reported in several series of patients with malignant disease taking continuing oral doses of slow [free] morphine and having satisfactory levels of analgesia : in one series of 40 patients the mean plasma ratio was 5:1 and in another of 151 patients it was 4.5:1 ; in another 40 patients the ratio in the cerebrospinal fluid was 6:1 .

Patients were then randomly allocated , in balanced blocks of four , to six weeks ' treatment with either diuretic plus slow release nifedipine 20 mg twice daily or diuretic plus propranolol 80 mg twice daily .
patients were then randomly allocated , in balanced blocks of four , to six weeks ' treatment with either diuretic plus slow [free] nifedipine 20 mg twice daily or diuretic plus propranolol 80 mg twice daily .

The quality of a work of art , that is to say the maximum level of effectiveness of a work of art , resides in the precision of the means employed to achieve the most profound results , to release the hidden resources locked away in the depths of the reader 's psyche .
the quality of a work of art , that is to say the maximum level of effectiveness of a work of art , resides in the precision of the means employed to achieve the most profound results , to [free] the hidden resources locked away in the depths of the reader 's psyche .

People can not be photographed well at a quarter of a second … = The problem can only be solved with patience , and with the realisation that , much as one is poised with the right pressure on the cable release , one may not actually get a shot because of the steady stream of people making their way ( quite properly ) to a performance in the hall itself .
people can not be photographed well at a quarter of a second … = the problem can only be solved with patience , and with the realisation that , much as one is poised with the right pressure on the cable [free] , one may not actually get a shot because of the steady stream of people making their way ( quite properly ) to a performance in the hall itself .

‘ Working with dreams in this way gives me a freedom to express , a release to be creative .
‘ working with dreams in this way gives me a freedom to express , a [free] to be creative .

The Mann-Whitney test was used to compare continuous variables ( Minitab data analysis software release , State College , Pennsylvania ) .
the mann-whitney test was used to compare continuous variables ( minitab data analysis software [free] , state college , pennsylvania ) .

That light is lost ; it does not penetrate the silicon and release electrons .
that light is lost ; it does not penetrate the silicon and [free] electrons .

It supported the aims of Achieving a Balance by insisting that the answer was not employing more junior staff but more consultants and staff grade posts to release junior doctors from some of their service commitments .
it supported the aims of achieving a balance by insisting that the answer was not employing more junior staff but more consultants and staff grade posts to [free] junior doctors from some of their service commitments .

The implications of this were discussed almost entirely in relation to the release of land for housing , but it also had considerable implications for the tenure pattern of new housing .
the implications of this were discussed almost entirely in relation to the [free] of land for housing , but it also had considerable implications for the tenure pattern of new housing .

‘ Do not ask us to release you , mortal .
‘ do not ask us to [free] you , mortal .

But the concession of the papal taxes of the clergy to the king was all too clearly to release the king from baronial pressure when his oath to the barons was cancelled and the obdurate archbishop recalled .
but the concession of the papal taxes of the clergy to the king was all too clearly to [free] the king from baronial pressure when his oath to the barons was cancelled and the obdurate archbishop recalled .

And now the moment to release the eggs has arrived .
and now the moment to [free] the eggs has arrived .

They are thus compelled to release their eggs while they are still high on the rock and a brown rain of spawn falls sporadically from as high as twenty feet .
they are thus compelled to [free] their eggs while they are still high on the rock and a brown rain of spawn falls sporadically from as high as twenty feet .

Most of them simply release their eggs and sperm and rely on the surrounding water to bring them together .
most of them simply [free] their eggs and sperm and rely on the surrounding water to bring them together .

Anthers , in most flowers , release their pollen by splitting lengthways and allowing it to shower out .
anthers , in most flowers , [free] their pollen by splitting lengthways and allowing it to shower out .

Now she was ready for release .
now she was ready for [free] .

Release your bird .
[free] your bird .

He spoke to Jason Cowley about his incarceration and his hopes of release .
he spoke to jason cowley about his incarceration and his hopes of [free] .

Virgin 's first promotional act on signing the Sex Pistols was to organise a boat trip on the River Thames in the week of the official Jubilee celebrations , to mark the release of ‘ God Save the Queen ’ ; an idea which seemed to meet everybody 's requirements by being both a revolutionary gesture and a wizard prank .
virgin 's first promotional act on signing the sex pistols was to organise a boat trip on the river thames in the week of the official jubilee celebrations , to mark the [free] of ‘ god save the queen ’ ; an idea which seemed to meet everybody 's requirements by being both a revolutionary gesture and a wizard prank .

The release of ‘ God Save the Queen ’ caused an immediate furore .
the [free] of ‘ god save the queen ’ caused an immediate furore .

Yet despite selling more than 100,000 copies in its first week of release , ‘ God Save the Queen ’ reached only number two in the pop charts — Rod Stewart being at number one .
yet despite selling more than 100,000 copies in its first week of [free] , ‘ god save the queen ’ reached only number two in the pop charts — rod stewart being at number one .

As well as signing artists in Jamaica , Virgin had come to an arrangement to release local product with a small reggae label based in London , Atra Records .
as well as signing artists in jamaica , virgin had come to an arrangement to [free] local product with a small reggae label based in london , atra records .

U-Roy , a toaster with only a modest following in Britain , was selling 100,000 copies of each release in Lagos .
u-roy , a toaster with only a modest following in britain , was selling 100,000 copies of each [free] in lagos .

Ever since 1974 , when Mike Oldfield 's Tubular Bells topped the American charts , Virgin had struggled in vain to gain a foothold in that country — ‘ karmic retribution ’ , as Nik Powell had it , for Virgin having reached Number One with its first ever release .
ever since 1974 , when mike oldfield 's tubular bells topped the american charts , virgin had struggled in vain to gain a foothold in that country — ‘ karmic retribution ’ , as nik powell had it , for virgin having reached number one with its first ever [free] .

Promotional costs on Virgin 's first single release alone on the new label came to around $ 50,000 — and it flopped ; an omen of things to come .
promotional costs on virgin 's first single [free] alone on the new label came to around $ 50,000 — and it flopped ; an omen of things to come .

In September 1980 he had paid £65,000 for the British rights to the release of the first solo record by Phil Collins , the drummer from Genesis .
in september 1980 he had paid £65,000 for the british rights to the [free] of the first solo record by phil collins , the drummer from genesis .

The Human League 's Dare album sold 1.8m copies around the world in its first year of release .
the human league 's dare album sold 1.8m copies around the world in its first year of [free] .

The acrimonious struggle for power was given a somewhat comical twist by the issue of a press release in September from Virgin Atlantic 's publicity office , saying that in response to the many rumours circulating in the airline industry , Virgin Atlantic wished it to be known that there had been no boardroom ‘ bust-up ’ between Randolph Fields and Richard Branson .
the acrimonious struggle for power was given a somewhat comical twist by the issue of a press [free] in september from virgin atlantic 's publicity office , saying that in response to the many rumours circulating in the airline industry , virgin atlantic wished it to be known that there had been no boardroom ‘ bust-up ’ between randolph fields and richard branson .

He was trying to win her back from the greedy black hole — to release her from its iron grip and return her to the safety of the study .
he was trying to win her back from the greedy black hole — to [free] her from its iron grip and return her to the safety of the study .

Prisons — Prisoners ' rights — Release on licence — First review date for prisoner serving mandatory life sentence — Secretary of State fixing period for retribution and deterrence after consultation with judiciary — Whether Secretary of State entitled to depart from judicial recommendation — Whether prisoner to be informed of judicial recommendation — Whether prisoners entitled to make representations to Secretary of State before period fixed — Criminal Justice Act 1967 ( c. 80 ) , s. 61(1)
prisons — prisoners ' rights — [free] on licence — first review date for prisoner serving mandatory life sentence — secretary of state fixing period for retribution and deterrence after consultation with judiciary — whether secretary of state entitled to depart from judicial recommendation — whether prisoner to be informed of judicial recommendation — whether prisoners entitled to make representations to secretary of state before period fixed — criminal justice act 1967 ( c. 80 ) , s. 61(1)

‘ at any time if he thinks fit release on licence a person serving a term of imprisonment for life subject to compliance with such conditions , if any , as the Secretary of State may from time to time determine .
‘ at any time if he thinks fit [free] on licence a person serving a term of imprisonment for life subject to compliance with such conditions , if any , as the secretary of state may from time to time determine .

‘ On sentencing any person convicted of murder to imprisonment for life the court may at the same time declare the period which it recommends to the Secretary of State as the minimum period which in its view should elapse before the Secretary of State orders the release of that person on licence under section 27 of the Prison Act 1952 …
‘ on sentencing any person convicted of murder to imprisonment for life the court may at the same time declare the period which it recommends to the secretary of state as the minimum period which in its view should elapse before the secretary of state orders the [free] of that person on licence under section 27 of the prison act 1952 …

Moreover , section 2 of the Act of 1965 imposed a restraint on the power of the Secretary of State to release on licence a person convicted of murder , by providing that no such person should be released :
moreover , section 2 of the act of 1965 imposed a restraint on the power of the secretary of state to [free] on licence a person convicted of murder , by providing that no such person should be released :

‘ unless the Secretary of State has prior to such release consulted the Lord Chief Justice of England … together with the trial judge if available .
‘ unless the secretary of state has prior to such [free] consulted the lord chief justice of england … together with the trial judge if available .

‘ The Secretary of State may , if recommended to do so by the Parole Board , release on licence a person serving a sentence of imprisonment for life … but shall not do so in the case of a person sentenced to imprisonment for life … except after consultation with the Lord Chief Justice of England together with the trial judge if available .
‘ the secretary of state may , if recommended to do so by the parole board , [free] on licence a person serving a sentence of imprisonment for life … but shall not do so in the case of a person sentenced to imprisonment for life … except after consultation with the lord chief justice of england together with the trial judge if available .

It will be seen that section 61(1) does not require the Secretary of State to release any person serving a sentence of imprisonment for life on licence , but imposes two conditions which must be satisfied before he may do so , namely , that the release must first be recommended by the Parole Board ( a body which was itself constituted by section 59 of the Act of 1967 ) and that the Secretary of State may not release on licence except after consultation with the Lord Chief Justice of England together with the trial judge if available .
it will be seen that section 61(1) does not require the secretary of state to [free] any person serving a sentence of imprisonment for life on licence , but imposes two conditions which must be satisfied before he may do so , namely , that the [free] must first be recommended by the parole board ( a body which was itself constituted by section 59 of the act of 1967 ) and that the secretary of state may not [free] on licence except after consultation with the lord chief justice of england together with the trial judge if available .

Section 61 of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 does not specify any procedure by which the Secretary of State should decide whether and when to release a prisoner serving a life sentence .
section 61 of the criminal justice act 1967 does not specify any procedure by which the secretary of state should decide whether and when to [free] a prisoner serving a life sentence .

However , since he may not release a prisoner unless and until he is recommended to do so by the Parole Board , the stage in an individual prisoner 's sentence at which the board considers whether to make a recommendation for his release is therefore very important .
however , since he may not [free] a prisoner unless and until he is recommended to do so by the parole board , the stage in an individual prisoner 's sentence at which the board considers whether to make a recommendation for his [free] is therefore very important .

The wording of section 61(1) of the Act of 1967 apparently envisages that , if and when the Parole Board ( or a local review committee ) recommends release , the judiciary will then be consulted .
the wording of section 61(1) of the act of 1967 apparently envisages that , if and when the parole board ( or a local review committee ) recommends [free] , the judiciary will then be consulted .

Leon Brittan , made a statement in a written Parliamentary answer about the release of prisoners on parole licences .
leon brittan , made a statement in a written parliamentary answer about the [free] of prisoners on parole licences .

‘ The release of life sentence prisoners is at the discretion of the Home Secretary , subject to a favourable recommendation by the Parole Board and to consultation with the Lord Chief Justice and , if he is available , the trial judge .
‘ the [free] of life sentence prisoners is at the discretion of the home secretary , subject to a favourable recommendation by the parole board and to consultation with the lord chief justice and , if he is available , the trial judge .

This would give sufficient time for preparation for release if the Parole Board recommended it , having considered risk .
this would give sufficient time for preparation for [free] if the parole board recommended it , having considered risk .

The judiciary will also be consulted when release is an actual possibility to meet fully the requirements of section 61 of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 .
the judiciary will also be consulted when [free] is an actual possibility to meet fully the requirements of section 61 of the criminal justice act 1967 .

‘ These new procedures will separate consideration of the requirements of retribution and deterrence from consideration of risk to the public , which always has been , and will continue to be , the pre-eminent factor determining release .
‘ these new procedures will separate consideration of the requirements of retribution and deterrence from consideration of risk to the public , which always has been , and will continue to be , the pre-eminent factor determining [free] .

But the ultimate discretion whether to release will remain with me .
but the ultimate discretion whether to [free] will remain with me .

( vii ) In every case it is made clear to the prisoner from the information supplied to him that he may not be recommended for release at the end of his tariff period at the first or any subsequent review .
( vii ) in every case it is made clear to the prisoner from the information supplied to him that he may not be recommended for [free] at the end of his tariff period at the first or any subsequent review .

Release will depend upon whether he is thought to pose a danger to the public and therefore should be detained beyond the end of his tariff period .
[free] will depend upon whether he is thought to pose a danger to the public and therefore should be detained beyond the end of his tariff period .

The first review of his possible release is to take place in October 1998 .
the first review of his possible [free] is to take place in october 1998 .

Mr. Pannick , for the Secretary of State , reminds us that a prisoner serving a sentence of life imprisonment has no right to be released on licence ; he has at best a hope that the Secretary of State will release him in the exercise of his discretion under section 61 ( 1 ) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 .
mr. pannick , for the secretary of state , reminds us that a prisoner serving a sentence of life imprisonment has no right to be released on licence ; he has at best a hope that the secretary of state will [free] him in the exercise of his discretion under section 61 ( 1 ) of the criminal justice act 1967 .

Thus Parliament clearly did not intend that a life sentence prisoner should have such rights in relation to the considerations of his release on licence .
thus parliament clearly did not intend that a life sentence prisoner should have such rights in relation to the considerations of his [free] on licence .

‘ declare the period which it recommends to the Secretary of State as the minimum period which in its view should elapse before the Secretary of State orders the release of that person on licence …
‘ declare the period which it recommends to the secretary of state as the minimum period which in its view should elapse before the secretary of state orders the [free] of that person on licence …

The Act of 1965 also contained , in section 2 , a provision that no person convicted of murder should be released on licence unless the Secretary of State had prior to such release consulted the Lord Chief Justice , together with the trial judge if available .
the act of 1965 also contained , in section 2 , a provision that no person convicted of murder should be released on licence unless the secretary of state had prior to such [free] consulted the lord chief justice , together with the trial judge if available .

Section 61 ( 1 ) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 makes it clear that the decision as to release on licence is for the Home Secretary , although he is obliged to consult the judiciary .
section 61 ( 1 ) of the criminal justice act 1967 makes it clear that the decision as to [free] on licence is for the home secretary , although he is obliged to consult the judiciary .

‘ The emphasis is upon the need for the board to include among its members persons with the skills and experience required to assess the risk of early release .
‘ the emphasis is upon the need for the board to include among its members persons with the skills and experience required to assess the risk of early [free] .

But the Secretary of State has clearly to consider other aspects of the early release of a prisoner serving a sentence of imprisonment .
but the secretary of state has clearly to consider other aspects of the early [free] of a prisoner serving a sentence of imprisonment .

He has to judge the public acceptability of early release and to determine the policies needed to maintain public confidence in the system of criminal justice .
he has to judge the public acceptability of early [free] and to determine the policies needed to maintain public confidence in the system of criminal justice .

This must be why Parliament saw as necessary the duality of the parole system : without the advice and recommendation of a body capable of assessing the risk of early release the Secretary of State was not to act : but , having received such advice and recommendation , he was to authorise early release only if he himself was satisfied that it was in the public interest that he should .
this must be why parliament saw as necessary the duality of the parole system : without the advice and recommendation of a body capable of assessing the risk of early [free] the secretary of state was not to act : but , having received such advice and recommendation , he was to authorise early [free] only if he himself was satisfied that it was in the public interest that he should .

Section 61 ( 1 ) of the Criminal Justices Act 1967 confers power to release a life prisoner on the Secretary of State .
section 61 ( 1 ) of the criminal justices act 1967 confers power to [free] a life prisoner on the secretary of state .

In the present case , there is no express or implied requirement in the Criminal Justice Act 1967 that a decision fixing the tariff period , or for that matter a decision to release a prisoner on licence , must be taken by the Secretary of State personally . Is it then irrational for the Secretary of State , by devolution , to allow such decisions to be taken by a minister of state or Parliamentary under-secretary of state ?
in the present case , there is no express or implied requirement in the criminal justice act 1967 that a decision fixing the tariff period , or for that matter a decision to [free] a prisoner on licence , must be taken by the secretary of state personally . is it then irrational for the secretary of state , by devolution , to allow such decisions to be taken by a minister of state or parliamentary under-secretary of state ?

It will determine , in many cases , the earliest date at which his release can even be considered by the local review committee or the Parole Board , subject only to an overriding discretion of the Home Secretary .
it will determine , in many cases , the earliest date at which his [free] can even be considered by the local review committee or the parole board , subject only to an overriding discretion of the home secretary .

‘ The Secretary of State may , if recommended to do so by the Parole Board , release on licence a person serving a sentence of imprisonment for life … but shall not do so … except after consultation with the Lord Chief Justice of England together with the trial judge if available .
‘ the secretary of state may , if recommended to do so by the parole board , [free] on licence a person serving a sentence of imprisonment for life … but shall not do so … except after consultation with the lord chief justice of england together with the trial judge if available .

The Secretary of State was thus granted a discretionary power to release a person serving a sentence of life imprisonment subject to two conditions : ( 1 ) He must be recommended so to do in a particular case by the Parole Board ( which was constituted by section 59 of the Act of 1967 ) and ( 2 ) He shall not do so except after consultation with the Lord Chief Justice together with the trial judge if available .
the secretary of state was thus granted a discretionary power to [free] a person serving a sentence of life imprisonment subject to two conditions : ( 1 ) he must be recommended so to do in a particular case by the parole board ( which was constituted by section 59 of the act of 1967 ) and ( 2 ) he shall not do so except after consultation with the lord chief justice together with the trial judge if available .

While it appears that the application to the Parole Board can only be made by the Secretary of State , he has no power to release a prisoner on licence until he receives the board 's recommendation to do so .
while it appears that the application to the parole board can only be made by the secretary of state , he has no power to [free] a prisoner on licence until he receives the board 's recommendation to do so .

The words of the subsection also imply that the judges are intended by Parliament to act as a form of brake upon any over-eagerness on the part of a Home Secretary when exercising the power of release .
the words of the subsection also imply that the judges are intended by parliament to act as a form of brake upon any over-eagerness on the part of a home secretary when exercising the power of [free] .

The Secretary of State made it clear that after the first application to the local review committee there should , before he ordered release , be a further consultation with the judges ‘ to satisfy the requirements of the section .
the secretary of state made it clear that after the first application to the local review committee there should , before he ordered [free] , be a further consultation with the judges ‘ to satisfy the requirements of the section .

Those in the 20 years or more category remained unaware of their tariff or of any possible release date .
those in the 20 years or more category remained unaware of their tariff or of any possible [free] date .

‘ the release of a life sentence prisoner is solely at my discretion and it is for me to decide , after receiving the Parole Board 's recommendation and after consulting the judiciary as required by section 61(1) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 , when actual release should take place .
‘ the [free] of a life sentence prisoner is solely at my discretion and it is for me to decide , after receiving the parole board 's recommendation and after consulting the judiciary as required by section 61(1) of the criminal justice act 1967 , when actual [free] should take place .

Should the Secretary of State be compelled to give reasons for his decision to refuse the prisoner 's release ?
should the secretary of state be compelled to give reasons for his decision to refuse the prisoner 's [free] ?

… ( 3 ) The court to which an appeal is brought under this section may reverse or vary the order or decision of the court below , and make such other order as may be just ; and without prejudice to the inherent powers of any court referred to in subsection ( 2 ) of this section , provisions may be made by rules of court for authorising the release on bail of an appellant under this section .
… ( 3 ) the court to which an appeal is brought under this section may reverse or vary the order or decision of the court below , and make such other order as may be just ; and without prejudice to the inherent powers of any court referred to in subsection ( 2 ) of this section , provisions may be made by rules of court for authorising the [free] on bail of an appellant under this section .

If it has , the second question is whether the irregularity must lead to the committal order being set aside and the release of the contemnor .
if it has , the second question is whether the irregularity must lead to the committal order being set aside and the [free] of the contemnor .

The late service on him of the committal order did not hinder any appeal or application for release that he might otherwise have made .
the late service on him of the committal order did not hinder any appeal or application for [free] that he might otherwise have made .

The procedural impropriety does not , in the circumstances of this case , warrant the setting aside of the committal order or Mr. Butler 's release from prison .
the procedural impropriety does not , in the circumstances of this case , warrant the setting aside of the committal order or mr. butler 's [free] from prison .

The board also approved a press release which summarised , but in some detail , the terms of the notice .
the board also approved a press [free] which summarised , but in some detail , the terms of the notice .

The board also approved a press release which summarised , but in some detail , the terms of the notice .
the board also approved a press [free] which summarised , but in some detail , the terms of the notice .

The press release which was dated 31 October 1990 summarised the effect of the intervention notice , and contained the following passage :
the press [free] which was dated 31 october 1990 summarised the effect of the intervention notice , and contained the following passage :

The court may require any property transferred as part of the transaction to be vested in the company , release any security given by the company , require ‘ any person ’ to make payments to the administrator or liquidator in respect of benefits received by him from the company , provide for a guarantor whose obligations have been discharged to be under revived obligations , provide for security to be given for the discharge of obligations imposed by the order and for the priority which such security shall have , and provide for the extent to which persons may be able to prove in the winding up .
the court may require any property transferred as part of the transaction to be vested in the company , [free] any security given by the company , require ‘ any person ’ to make payments to the administrator or liquidator in respect of benefits received by him from the company , provide for a guarantor whose obligations have been discharged to be under revived obligations , provide for security to be given for the discharge of obligations imposed by the order and for the priority which such security shall have , and provide for the extent to which persons may be able to prove in the winding up .

Landlord and Tenant — Covenant — Release by accord and satisfaction — Assignees covenanting directly with landlord to perform covenants — Landlord releasing defaulting occupying assignee from all liabilities in return for immediate surrender of lease and goods — Whether release by accord and satisfaction — Whether operating as release of intermediate assignee from obligations under direct covenant
landlord and tenant — covenant — [free] by accord and satisfaction — assignees covenanting directly with landlord to perform covenants — landlord releasing defaulting occupying assignee from all liabilities in return for immediate surrender of lease and goods — whether [free] by accord and satisfaction — whether operating as [free] of intermediate assignee from obligations under direct covenant

That concludes the review of the cases concerned with covenants in leases , and none deal with the issue here of a release of a covenantor by accord and satisfaction operating as the release of another covenantor .
that concludes the review of the cases concerned with covenants in leases , and none deal with the issue here of a [free] of a covenantor by accord and satisfaction operating as the [free] of another covenantor .

For some of the expressions employed would seem to lay it down that a joint debtee might release one of his debtors , and yet , by using some language of reservation in the agreement between himself and such debtor , keep his remedy entire against the others , even without consulting them .
for some of the expressions employed would seem to lay it down that a joint debtee might [free] one of his debtors , and yet , by using some language of reservation in the agreement between himself and such debtor , keep his remedy entire against the others , even without consulting them .

‘ Now the deed contained an express clause that the release to Goddard should not operate to discharge any one jointly or otherwise liable to the plaintiff for the same debts .
‘ now the deed contained an express clause that the [free] to goddard should not operate to discharge any one jointly or otherwise liable to the plaintiff for the same debts .

It is plain , therefore , that it did not release the defendant .
it is plain , therefore , that it did not [free] the defendant .

The reason why a release to one debtor releases all jointly liable is , because , unless it was held to do so , the co-debtor , after paying the debt , might sue him who was released for contribution , and so in effect he would not be released ; but that reason does not apply where the debtor released agrees to such a qualification of the release as will leave him liable to any rights of the co-debtor .
the reason why a [free] to one debtor releases all jointly liable is , because , unless it was held to do so , the co-debtor , after paying the debt , might sue him who was released for contribution , and so in effect he would not be released ; but that reason does not apply where the debtor released agrees to such a qualification of the [free] as will leave him liable to any rights of the co-debtor .

46 is a case where , on the somewhat special facts , a receipt given to one party did not release the other party .
46 is a case where , on the somewhat special facts , a receipt given to one party did not [free] the other party .

The Court of Appeal held that the receipt could not be construed as a release .
the court of appeal held that the receipt could not be construed as a [free] .

‘ Now , in point of law , it is not to be disputed that a release to one of several joint debtors releases them all .
‘ now , in point of law , it is not to be disputed that a [free] to one of several joint debtors releases them all .

If this legal consequence had been pointed out to the bank at the time , they might have said that that was not what they intended , but that is a factor common probably to all cases in which a release is given to one of two joint debtors .
if this legal consequence had been pointed out to the bank at the time , they might have said that that was not what they intended , but that is a factor common probably to all cases in which a [free] is given to one of two joint debtors .

The person giving it may not realise the full legal consequences of it as regards the release of a co-debtor ; but that is not , in my opinion , a sufficient ground for reading into the document something that is not expressed in it ; and unless you find in it something qualifying the general words , it appears to me that the legal consequences of the general words of discharge must follow , notwithstanding that those consequences may go beyond what the person giving the document would have intended if they had been pointed out to him at the time , and he had had an opportunity of addressing his mind to them .
the person giving it may not realise the full legal consequences of it as regards the [free] of a co-debtor ; but that is not , in my opinion , a sufficient ground for reading into the document something that is not expressed in it ; and unless you find in it something qualifying the general words , it appears to me that the legal consequences of the general words of discharge must follow , notwithstanding that those consequences may go beyond what the person giving the document would have intended if they had been pointed out to him at the time , and he had had an opportunity of addressing his mind to them .

Some have seen this as illogical , and so it would be if the only reason for the rule that the release of one joint contractor releases the other is that there is only one obligation .
some have seen this as illogical , and so it would be if the only reason for the rule that the [free] of one joint contractor releases the other is that there is only one obligation .

Thus , by suing the co-contractor the creditor commits a breach of the contract with the released covenantor , for such an action will inevitably lead to the very claim from which the release has been purchased by accord and satisfaction .
thus , by suing the co-contractor the creditor commits a breach of the contract with the released covenantor , for such an action will inevitably lead to the very claim from which the [free] has been purchased by accord and satisfaction .

The release from the obligations under the lease is purchased by an immediate surrender of the term and his handing over of one half of his goods .
the [free] from the obligations under the lease is purchased by an immediate surrender of the term and his handing over of one half of his goods .

The court may direct that particulars of the alleged debt be advertised , and if no claim on the security is made within twelve months , the court can , on application , order the release of the security ( r 6.211 ( 4 ) ) .
the court may direct that particulars of the alleged debt be advertised , and if no claim on the security is made within twelve months , the court can , on application , order the [free] of the security ( r 6.211 ( 4 ) ) .

The official receiver may also release the bankrupt from the obligation to submit a statement of affairs ( s 288(3) ) .
the official receiver may also [free] the bankrupt from the obligation to submit a statement of affairs ( s 288(3) ) .

If a certificate of summary administration is in force , the official receiver need only investigate the bankrupt 's conduct and affairs if he thinks fit ( s 289 ( 5 ) ) The official receiver must , at least once , send a report of the state of the bankrupt 's affairs to all creditors and file a copy at court ( r 6.73 ) although the court can release him from this obligation having regard to the funds available and the interests of creditors generally ( r 6.77 ) .
if a certificate of summary administration is in force , the official receiver need only investigate the bankrupt 's conduct and affairs if he thinks fit ( s 289 ( 5 ) ) the official receiver must , at least once , send a report of the state of the bankrupt 's affairs to all creditors and file a copy at court ( r 6.73 ) although the court can [free] him from this obligation having regard to the funds available and the interests of creditors generally ( r 6.77 ) .

Notice of the meeting must also be given to the official receiver and the chairman of the meeting must inform the official receiver of the resolutions passed at the meeting , viz to accept the resignation of the trustee , that a new trustee be appointed and that the resigning trustee be or not be given his release ( r 6.127 ( 3 ) ) .
notice of the meeting must also be given to the official receiver and the chairman of the meeting must inform the official receiver of the resolutions passed at the meeting , viz to accept the resignation of the trustee , that a new trustee be appointed and that the resigning trustee be or not be given his [free] ( r 6.127 ( 3 ) ) .

The tumbler lock was made with a perforated bolt which could be slid along once a suitable key had been inserted , to lift vertical pins out of the bolt and thus release it .
the tumbler lock was made with a perforated bolt which could be slid along once a suitable key had been inserted , to lift vertical pins out of the bolt and thus [free] it .

Whenever they reached an island that was likely to be visited by European sailors again , they would release a few pigs , to run wild , multiply and form a permanent supply of protein — on islands seemingly not well provisioned for humans .
whenever they reached an island that was likely to be visited by european sailors again , they would [free] a few pigs , to run wild , multiply and form a permanent supply of protein — on islands seemingly not well provisioned for humans .

Release it .
[free] it .

‘ We used to swim in the river as a way of washing , but there is a small black fly there which can carry a parasite , a burrowing worm which can lie dormant in your body for up to two years , preparing to release thousands of offspring .
‘ we used to swim in the river as a way of washing , but there is a small black fly there which can carry a parasite , a burrowing worm which can lie dormant in your body for up to two years , preparing to [free] thousands of offspring .

They attach themselves with their mouthparts and then release a digestive enzyme secretion which eats into the skin .
they attach themselves with their mouthparts and then [free] a digestive enzyme secretion which eats into the skin .

‘ When you body starts to heal , they ca n't breathe , so they release a chemical which makes you itch ; when you scratch , it takes the scab off the wound so they can breathe again .
‘ when you body starts to heal , they ca n't breathe , so they [free] a chemical which makes you itch ; when you scratch , it takes the scab off the wound so they can breathe again .

Should we release him ?
should we [free] him ?

Forty-eight hours later she returns to the hospital and is given a prostaglandin pessary , which is put inside the vagina and dissolves to release the drug .
forty-eight hours later she returns to the hospital and is given a prostaglandin pessary , which is put inside the vagina and dissolves to [free] the drug .

In the Gospel we have been told that Jesus will bring about a new exodus ( 9:31 ) by his death and resurrection at Jerusalem : a release from a worse bondage and a more terrible death than that which befell the Israelites in Egypt .
in the gospel we have been told that jesus will bring about a new exodus ( 9:31 ) by his death and resurrection at jerusalem : a [free] from a worse bondage and a more terrible death than that which befell the israelites in egypt .

It was from another officious Vadinamian Warden , informing us that the Recovery — which would release the Fraxillian package — would occur at exactly the mid-hour of the following bio-day .
it was from another officious vadinamian warden , informing us that the recovery — which would [free] the fraxillian package — would occur at exactly the mid-hour of the following bio-day .

Mrs. Mallett , the typist from the general office , had brought her knitting to work and fortified by an unshakeable alibi — she had sat between the postmistress and Mr. Mason from the general store at the village concert — and with something to occupy her hands , sat clicking away with understandable if irritating complacency until given the order of release .
mrs. mallett , the typist from the general office , had brought her knitting to work and fortified by an unshakeable alibi — she had sat between the postmistress and mr. mason from the general store at the village concert — and with something to occupy her hands , sat clicking away with understandable if irritating complacency until given the order of [free] .

Latest offering to appear from the rapidly expanding Camden ‘ lurch ’ subculture , so named after a divvy dance , although it does n't quite live up the press release 's boast of being ‘ the last noise that will cause heavens to crack and earth to rip asunder ’ ( ! )
latest offering to appear from the rapidly expanding camden ‘ lurch ’ subculture , so named after a divvy dance , although it does n't quite live up the press [free] 's boast of being ‘ the last noise that will cause heavens to crack and earth to rip asunder ’ ( ! )

The Charlottes continue to improve with every release , and ‘ Liar ’ is blessed with a catchy tune underneath Graham 's customary sonic guitar booms .
the charlottes continue to improve with every [free] , and ‘ liar ’ is blessed with a catchy tune underneath graham 's customary sonic guitar booms .

It permits the pupil to derive unfettered satisfaction from the excitement of ‘ skirmishing ’ and the release from school-like demands .
it permits the pupil to derive unfettered satisfaction from the excitement of ‘ skirmishing ’ and the [free] from school-like demands .

In conventional costing systems , figures do not just get absorbed into the system never to be seen again ; they may release figures to go flying around the corporate universe , possibly causing considerable mischief .
in conventional costing systems , figures do not just get absorbed into the system never to be seen again ; they may [free] figures to go flying around the corporate universe , possibly causing considerable mischief .

In effect she was working harder than ever and enjoying a supreme burst of creative energy since she could now release her talents into producing fabrics and accessories for every aspect of the home , while leaving Deborah in charge of garments .
in effect she was working harder than ever and enjoying a supreme burst of creative energy since she could now [free] her talents into producing fabrics and accessories for every aspect of the home , while leaving deborah in charge of garments .

Her breasts heaving , her throat dry , she strained tensely to release herself .
her breasts heaving , her throat dry , she strained tensely to [free] herself .

She gave a little gasp of pain as he tightened to release them , and then she was free to talk .
she gave a little gasp of pain as he tightened to [free] them , and then she was free to talk .

Moreover , it remains a cause for considerable concern that the number of youngsters in the sixteen to nineteen age range who attend day release courses in Wales has been proportionally one of the lowest in England and Wales .
moreover , it remains a cause for considerable concern that the number of youngsters in the sixteen to nineteen age range who attend day [free] courses in wales has been proportionally one of the lowest in england and wales .

In order to increase the availability of their training programmes , three of the English colleges and University College , Cardiff , developed a network of extra-mural centres which , effectively on a day release basis , offered two-year courses leading to a Certificate in Education ; at their height , in the mid-1970s , there were about l , 000 students on these courses .
in order to increase the availability of their training programmes , three of the english colleges and university college , cardiff , developed a network of extra-mural centres which , effectively on a day [free] basis , offered two-year courses leading to a certificate in education ; at their height , in the mid-1970s , there were about l , 000 students on these courses .

This would consist of day release throughout one academic year together with a four-week period of block release and should become a requirement before 1981 , if possible .
this would consist of day [free] throughout one academic year together with a four-week period of block [free] and should become a requirement before 1981 , if possible .

Third , new entrants who have completed a full-time one-year pre-service course should be required to undertake an induction programme equivalent to one day 's release a week for one term .
third , new entrants who have completed a full-time one-year pre-service course should be required to undertake an induction programme equivalent to one day 's [free] a week for one term .

Fifth , release for in-service training should be increased to 5 per cent of the further education teaching force at any one time as soon as resources are available .
fifth , [free] for in-service training should be increased to 5 per cent of the further education teaching force at any one time as soon as resources are available .

He remained standing , ill-at-ease , as if he had been called somewhere and was awaiting release .
he remained standing , ill-at-ease , as if he had been called somewhere and was awaiting [free] .

It is acceptable to snip the selvedges approximately every 10cm ( 4in ) to release the tension on a plain seam .
it is acceptable to snip the selvedges approximately every 10cm ( 4in ) to [free] the tension on a plain seam .

Habituation and sensitization , the two forms of non-associative learning , are shown by Aplysia , and the neurophysiological control is understood : habituation is caused by decreased release of neurotransmitter from the sensory neuron ; sensitization by release of a chemical from an interneuron which renders the motor neuron more easily depolarized .
habituation and sensitization , the two forms of non-associative learning , are shown by aplysia , and the neurophysiological control is understood : habituation is caused by decreased [free] of neurotransmitter from the sensory neuron ; sensitization by [free] of a chemical from an interneuron which renders the motor neuron more easily depolarized .

After release the pigeon circles a few times around the release site for a few minutes and then flies off , usually in the approximate direction of its home loft .
after [free] the pigeon circles a few times around the [free] site for a few minutes and then flies off , usually in the approximate direction of its home loft .

He suggests that the ‘ unfamiliar ’ release sites of pigeons may in fact be familiar , and the pigeons home using remembered landmarks and home cues ( whether visual , auditory , olfactory , or magnetic ) .
he suggests that the ‘ unfamiliar ’ [free] sites of pigeons may in fact be familiar , and the pigeons home using remembered landmarks and home cues ( whether visual , auditory , olfactory , or magnetic ) .

He claims that none of the release sites have been sufficiently far from the home loft to rule out the use of such cues , except in a few cases , such as trans-Atlantic displacement , and in these the evidence of homing is very weak .
he claims that none of the [free] sites have been sufficiently far from the home loft to rule out the use of such cues , except in a few cases , such as trans-atlantic displacement , and in these the evidence of homing is very weak .

No doubt experiments that unambiguously answer Baker 's fundamental criticism will be performed , in which pigeons are taken to release sites which are clearly unfamiliar ; but for now we must suspend judgement .
no doubt experiments that unambiguously answer baker 's fundamental criticism will be performed , in which pigeons are taken to [free] sites which are clearly unfamiliar ; but for now we must suspend judgement .

Whatever direction mallards are taken from Slimbridge , in England , they fly towards the north west after release .
whatever direction mallards are taken from slimbridge , in england , they fly towards the north west after [free] .

We have seen that the position of the sun is used as a compass , by which pigeons direct themselves away from release points .
we have seen that the position of the sun is used as a compass , by which pigeons direct themselves away from [free] points .

The dots represent the angles at which pigeons flew off from the release site : the direction home is straight up ; straight down represents 180° away from home .
the dots represent the angles at which pigeons flew off from the [free] site : the direction home is straight up ; straight down represents 180° away from home .

They can navigate home even when taken to the release point under such conditions as would make learning the way out impossible .
they can navigate home even when taken to the [free] point under such conditions as would make learning the way out impossible .

Female ants also release pheromones to attract males ; their pheromones , however , are only effective over distances of 25–30 yards .
female ants also [free] pheromones to attract males ; their pheromones , however , are only effective over distances of 25–30 yards .

At mating , in an operation never exactly described , the sexes are said to bring their genital openings into opposition and release their gametes .
at mating , in an operation never exactly described , the sexes are said to bring their genital openings into opposition and [free] their gametes .

Jenny smacked the release button sharply , opened the door and stepped out .
jenny smacked the [free] button sharply , opened the door and stepped out .

He 's in the past , he thought , the poor devil 's anchored there beyond hope of release .
he 's in the past , he thought , the poor devil 's anchored there beyond hope of [free] .

Exposure to natural radiation may be enhanced by human activities such as high-altitude aircraft ( and space ) flights ; construction of buildings using materials of high radium content ( pumice stone , granite or light concrete derived from alum shale ) producing radon gas ; the irradiation resulting from the phosphate industry ; from using water from deep wells bored into radon-rich water ; from a variety of consumer products containing radionuclides ( radioluminescent time-pieces , compasses , smoke detectors , luminous signs , antistatic devices , and colour television sets ) ; or the irradiation due to the release of natural radionuclides from coal-fired power plants .
exposure to natural radiation may be enhanced by human activities such as high-altitude aircraft ( and space ) flights ; construction of buildings using materials of high radium content ( pumice stone , granite or light concrete derived from alum shale ) producing radon gas ; the irradiation resulting from the phosphate industry ; from using water from deep wells bored into radon-rich water ; from a variety of consumer products containing radionuclides ( radioluminescent time-pieces , compasses , smoke detectors , luminous signs , antistatic devices , and colour television sets ) ; or the irradiation due to the [free] of natural radionuclides from coal-fired power plants .

It is even suggested that in the United States the routine exposure of the population to radionuclide release from coal burning in that country could be significant and possibly comparable with the effects from nuclear power ( Wilson et al .
it is even suggested that in the united states the routine exposure of the population to radionuclide [free] from coal burning in that country could be significant and possibly comparable with the effects from nuclear power ( wilson et al .

Although accidents involving the release of radioactive material can occur at any stage of the nuclear fuel cycle , most attention has been focused on reactor accidents .
although accidents involving the [free] of radioactive material can occur at any stage of the nuclear fuel cycle , most attention has been focused on reactor accidents .

Such a ‘ meltdown ’ results in the release of large quantities of radioactive material .
such a ‘ meltdown ’ results in the [free] of large quantities of radioactive material .

In general , studies have suggested that a large accidental release could cause large numbers of early fatalities and large numbers of latent cancers , but the probability of such a release is low .
in general , studies have suggested that a large accidental [free] could cause large numbers of early fatalities and large numbers of latent cancers , but the probability of such a [free] is low .

At Windscale in 1957 a sudden temperature rise and ignition of the uranium fuel cartridges within an air-cooled graphite moderated reactor ( a type designed solely for the production of military plutonium ) led to the release of ionizing radiation from the reactor stack .
at windscale in 1957 a sudden temperature rise and ignition of the uranium fuel cartridges within an air-cooled graphite moderated reactor ( a type designed solely for the production of military plutonium ) led to the [free] of ionizing radiation from the reactor stack .

The collective effective dose equivalent commitment from the release is estimated to have been 1.2 x 10 3 man Sv .
the collective effective dose equivalent commitment from the [free] is estimated to have been 1.2 x 10 3 man sv .

Other problems associated with estimating the health effects of the Chernobyl radiation release include the difficulty of taking into account all of the radionuclides involved and all of the protective measures adopted by governments and individuals to reduce the radiation dose people received .
other problems associated with estimating the health effects of the chernobyl radiation [free] include the difficulty of taking into account all of the radionuclides involved and all of the protective measures adopted by governments and individuals to reduce the radiation dose people received .

Human activities release carbon dioxide to the atmosphere through the burning of wood , coal , oil , natural gas , and other carbon-based materials .
human activities [free] carbon dioxide to the atmosphere through the burning of wood , coal , oil , natural gas , and other carbon-based materials .

It may be caused by an accidental or inadvertent release from an industrial plant , and the effects may range from annoyance ( e.g .
it may be caused by an accidental or inadvertent [free] from an industrial plant , and the effects may range from annoyance ( e.g .

If this inversion is only 100–300 metres deep , tall industrial stacks may release their emissions above the inversion , or the emissions may penetrate the inversion because they have great buoyancy due to high temperatures and fast exit velocities .
if this inversion is only 100–300 metres deep , tall industrial stacks may [free] their emissions above the inversion , or the emissions may penetrate the inversion because they have great buoyancy due to high temperatures and fast exit velocities .

It is the only way , Human Child … The only thing that will release us is the thing that imprisoned us .
it is the only way , human child … the only thing that will [free] us is the thing that imprisoned us .

She would try to find the Robe of Human Hands , which sounded rather horrid , but which would surely release Nuadu and the others .
she would try to find the robe of human hands , which sounded rather horrid , but which would surely [free] nuadu and the others .

The Robe of Human Hands … the enchantment that would release the prisoners … Yes .
the robe of human hands … the enchantment that would [free] the prisoners … yes .

Could he give them a few facts about himself for the company 's press release ?
could he give them a few facts about himself for the company 's press [free] ?

He had wanted to take each part ; eyes , skin , hair , bones , and he had wanted to scoop her up and hold her between his hands and never release her again .
he had wanted to take each part ; eyes , skin , hair , bones , and he had wanted to scoop her up and hold her between his hands and never [free] her again .

The action potential serves as a signal in its turn for the synapse to release neurotransmitters which trigger the response in adjacent neurons .
the action potential serves as a signal in its turn for the synapse to [free] neurotransmitters which trigger the response in adjacent neurons .

Hence this type of learning could not be achieved by mere transient modulation of transmitter release ; new proteins were being made , and it was necessary to discover which they were and what their cellular functions were .
hence this type of learning could not be achieved by mere transient modulation of transmitter [free] ; new proteins were being made , and it was necessary to discover which they were and what their cellular functions were .

How can an increase in glutamate release , or in the receptors responding to it , result in further pre- or postsynaptic changes ?
how can an increase in glutamate [free] , or in the receptors responding to it , result in further pre- or postsynaptic changes ?

On Signy Island sodium ions may release potassium from soil solution , making available an important plant nutrient ( Allen and Northover , 1967 ) .
on signy island sodium ions may [free] potassium from soil solution , making available an important plant nutrient ( allen and northover , 1967 ) .

release of staff ;
[free] of staff ;

But its enchantment would not release her , and she had no will with which to break the spell .
but its enchantment would not [free] her , and she had no will with which to break the spell .

No matter how Boswell did it physically — and later it will transpire that he wrote some of it in a notebook Johnson gave him ; no matter how he proceeded editorially , whether through a combination of this abbreviated writing , then checking afterwards what was said , and finally choosing — or agreeing — how much of Johnson 's commentary and observation he should release , Boswell achieved something at least as important as a legally accurate record — he created , above everything , the feel of a full account .
no matter how boswell did it physically — and later it will transpire that he wrote some of it in a notebook johnson gave him ; no matter how he proceeded editorially , whether through a combination of this abbreviated writing , then checking afterwards what was said , and finally choosing — or agreeing — how much of johnson 's commentary and observation he should [free] , boswell achieved something at least as important as a legally accurate record — he created , above everything , the feel of a full account .

Release Sidacai into Alexei 's charge , so that in life or in death he may serve you .
[free] sidacai into alexei 's charge , so that in life or in death he may serve you .

‘ Release me .
‘ [free] me .

If he had been told nothing about the terms of his release , then probably it was Artai 's doing .
if he had been told nothing about the terms of his [free] , then probably it was artai 's doing .

The release of information by the assistant was too fast for normal ears to follow , but the Sechem were trained to understand and to interpret for one another .
the [free] of information by the assistant was too fast for normal ears to follow , but the sechem were trained to understand and to interpret for one another .

They confined him , and in the morning when they went to release him they found him dead .
they confined him , and in the morning when they went to [free] him they found him dead .

During times of economic and political stability , on-the-field sports violence allows for tension release , through vicarious identification with the aggressor .
during times of economic and political stability , on-the-field sports violence allows for tension [free] , through vicarious identification with the aggressor .

And it is often those who suffer abuse who are capable of horrendous acts of violence , storing up their hatred for release in an act of revenge against the world .
and it is often those who suffer abuse who are capable of horrendous acts of violence , storing up their hatred for [free] in an act of revenge against the world .

Unclenches till — the moment of release
unclenches till — the moment of [free]

In addition to the changes in remission it was proposed to allow parole to be removed for prisoners serving over 4 years if it was felt that their release would put the public at risk .
in addition to the changes in remission it was proposed to allow parole to be removed for prisoners serving over 4 years if it was felt that their [free] would put the public at risk .

This can be expressed through disputes between high-bourgeois individuals , themselves acceptable to the legal system as with the Guildford Four , who , partly as a result of international pressure , had highly placed clerics and members of the judiciary supporting their release .
this can be expressed through disputes between high-bourgeois individuals , themselves acceptable to the legal system as with the guildford four , who , partly as a result of international pressure , had highly placed clerics and members of the judiciary supporting their [free] .

Equity release
equity [free]

Equity release is available to anyone over 60 although 65 to 70 is normal .
equity [free] is available to anyone over 60 although 65 to 70 is normal .

The arm swing which pulls the club into the hitting area becomes the release action , the transition point being at about ten o'clock with the club shaft position , although this will obviously vary from player to player .
the arm swing which pulls the club into the hitting area becomes the [free] action , the transition point being at about ten o'clock with the club shaft position , although this will obviously vary from player to player .

The release action describes how the hands , wrists and lower arms combine to return the clubface to the back of the ball at speed .
the [free] action describes how the hands , wrists and lower arms combine to return the clubface to the back of the ball at speed .

The release action involves three factors controlling the ball 's flight : —
the [free] action involves three factors controlling the ball 's flight : —

The diagrams show the effect of a good release action .
the diagrams show the effect of a good [free] action .

If you set out with the idea of generating more clubhead speed by delaying the hit or the release of the hands , you must balance this with a much faster hand and arm action through impact .
if you set out with the idea of generating more clubhead speed by delaying the hit or the [free] of the hands , you must balance this with a much faster hand and arm action through impact .

It is impossible to isolate the exact moment at which the downswing of the arms becomes the release action of the lower arms and hands prior to impact .
it is impossible to isolate the exact moment at which the downswing of the arms becomes the [free] action of the lower arms and hands prior to impact .

Release it , let it go , and the hands turn on full power from waist-high to impact .
[free] it , let it go , and the hands turn on full power from waist-high to impact .

You can not release the clubhead too soon .
you can not [free] the clubhead too soon .

His wrists are in a cocked position and he has no time to release the clubhead with any force .
his wrists are in a cocked position and he has no time to [free] the clubhead with any force .

To avoid turning the body into the shot too soon , swing the clubhead from the top of the backswing so that it moves , as just mentioned , from inside-to-out , and make sure you release the clubhead along that line .
to avoid turning the body into the shot too soon , swing the clubhead from the top of the backswing so that it moves , as just mentioned , from inside-to-out , and make sure you [free] the clubhead along that line .

Release the clubhead from the start for maximum speed at impact .
[free] the clubhead from the start for maximum speed at impact .

Counsel for the plaintiffs wanted to amend the pleadings still further to the effect that the deed of release and the cross-collaterisation agreement ‘ were induced by misrepresentation ’ .
counsel for the plaintiffs wanted to amend the pleadings still further to the effect that the deed of [free] and the cross-collaterisation agreement ‘ were induced by misrepresentation ’ .

The banks normally could not restrict or avoid their liability for breach of their duty of care towards their customers , the plaintiffs in the case , but their lawyers suggested that the deed of release did just that .
the banks normally could not restrict or avoid their liability for breach of their duty of care towards their customers , the plaintiffs in the case , but their lawyers suggested that the deed of [free] did just that .

The deed of release furthermore had not been induced by any misrepresentation , so it was a complete bar to any claims by the companies concerning anything that had happened before that agreement took effect .
the deed of [free] furthermore had not been induced by any misrepresentation , so it was a complete bar to any claims by the companies concerning anything that had happened before that agreement took effect .

In early summer , lilacs finally open and release their heady perfume .
in early summer , lilacs finally open and [free] their heady perfume .

There has been a dramatic increase in knee injuries since the '70s , when it was more common to break a leg ; serious knee sprains , probably involving torn ligaments , are at least ten times more likely than broken legs — mainly because bindings now release when they are meant to and boots give greater support to the lower leg and ankle .
there has been a dramatic increase in knee injuries since the '70s , when it was more common to break a leg ; serious knee sprains , probably involving torn ligaments , are at least ten times more likely than broken legs — mainly because bindings now [free] when they are meant to and boots give greater support to the lower leg and ankle .

This can be fitted with push release toggle as an optional extra .
this can be fitted with push [free] toggle as an optional extra .

Although the liquidators did not have to release the transcripts , this could result in an injustice to the defendants in the criminal proceedings .
although the liquidators did not have to [free] the transcripts , this could result in an injustice to the defendants in the criminal proceedings .

Since Mandela 's release the issue of who might market his life-story has become unclear , but Mandela himself must be aware that his name carries enormous money-making potential .
since mandela 's [free] the issue of who might market his life-story has become unclear , but mandela himself must be aware that his name carries enormous money-making potential .

Peter Straus of Hamish-Hamilton , and Giles Gordon , respectively editor and agent to Fatima Meer , whose Mandela biography Higher Than Hope was published in Britain the week after his release , both happily dismiss the possibility of an autobiography .
peter straus of hamish-hamilton , and giles gordon , respectively editor and agent to fatima meer , whose mandela biography higher than hope was published in britain the week after his [free] , both happily dismiss the possibility of an autobiography .

Soon after Mandela 's release another Ismael , Fatima Meer 's nephew and like Ayob a lawyer , was being faxed daily by an American publisher bidding for an autobiography .
soon after mandela 's [free] another ismael , fatima meer 's nephew and like ayob a lawyer , was being faxed daily by an american publisher bidding for an autobiography .

No one denies that if the story became available it would be seized but , while an autobiography would have been an automatic bestseller at the time of his release , would it still be wonderful if one or five years ' time ? ( Bantam , who have bought Nigel Lawson 's memoirs-in-progress , could face a similar problem : great book the day he walked out of the Cabinet , but a year from now ? )
no one denies that if the story became available it would be seized but , while an autobiography would have been an automatic bestseller at the time of his [free] , would it still be wonderful if one or five years ' time ? ( bantam , who have bought nigel lawson 's memoirs-in-progress , could face a similar problem : great book the day he walked out of the cabinet , but a year from now ? )

Most rucksacks have quick release buckles , at least on the profile straps which secure the top to the body of the pack , and may have them on waist straps .
most rucksacks have quick [free] buckles , at least on the profile straps which secure the top to the body of the pack , and may have them on waist straps .

It was high time to end this , and release all these overcharged souls into the moist , chilly , healing air of early March .
it was high time to end this , and [free] all these overcharged souls into the moist , chilly , healing air of early march .

She did not look at Giles at all as she spoke and the sentences piled one upon another , without restraint , like a flow of thought ; there was even a low level of enjoyment in the sense of release .
she did not look at giles at all as she spoke and the sentences piled one upon another , without restraint , like a flow of thought ; there was even a low level of enjoyment in the sense of [free] .

The use of word-processing helps to release them to be concerned with the content and not restrained by the process .
the use of word-processing helps to [free] them to be concerned with the content and not restrained by the process .

‘ Strategy demands that we be wary about the information we release at this stage . ’
‘ strategy demands that we be wary about the information we [free] at this stage . ’

He says now he will release me in another four weeks .
he says now he will [free] me in another four weeks .

‘ Are you going to release the girl 's picture ? ’
‘ are you going to [free] the girl 's picture ? ’

But on his release and return , he knew that the time away had ruined everything .
but on his [free] and return , he knew that the time away had ruined everything .

‘ Maurice reckoned all we had to do was wait to hear of her release .
‘ maurice reckoned all we had to do was wait to hear of her [free] .

He was tempted , she could see , tempted in his weakness and despair to lay his sins before her , to release the secrets bottled within him .
he was tempted , she could see , tempted in his weakness and despair to lay his sins before her , to [free] the secrets bottled within him .

If she believed in the possibility of Samantha 's early release , so much the better .
if she believed in the possibility of samantha 's early [free] , so much the better .

He had clearly been afraid they might be used against him after Samantha 's release .
he had clearly been afraid they might be used against him after samantha 's [free] .

‘ There 's been no news of her release , then ? ’
‘ there 's been no news of her [free] , then ? ’

Yet the tone of her telephone call to Swans ' Meadow had implied she knew nothing of Samantha 's abduction — or of what her kidnappers had demanded in return for her release .
yet the tone of her telephone call to swans ' meadow had implied she knew nothing of samantha 's abduction — or of what her kidnappers had demanded in return for her [free] .

Offer it to them in exchange for Sam 's release .
offer it to them in exchange for sam 's [free] .

‘ It 's because Emerson may be able to help us secure Sam 's release . ’
‘ it 's because emerson may be able to help us secure sam 's [free] . ’

Even 4 September seemed an age ago now , part of a deluded past when she had believed her abduction was a simple crime committed for gain , when she had thought her release was imminent , her restoration to the pampered life she had led merely a matter of time and money .
even 4 september seemed an age ago now , part of a deluded past when she had believed her abduction was a simple crime committed for gain , when she had thought her [free] was imminent , her restoration to the pampered life she had led merely a matter of time and money .

‘ He 'd pay you well to release me . ’
‘ he 'd pay you well to [free] me . ’

If we release you , you will try to expose us the way Ward was going to .
if we [free] you , you will try to expose us the way ward was going to .

These women saw their tears as an important source of release from tension , yet they had been unable to persuade husbands or partners to be comfortable when they were crying , just to be there and let them cry .
these women saw their tears as an important source of [free] from tension , yet they had been unable to persuade husbands or partners to be comfortable when they were crying , just to be there and let them cry .

If you are not allowed that kind of release for yourself , it may be intolerable for you to see someone else using it .
if you are not allowed that kind of [free] for yourself , it may be intolerable for you to see someone else using it .

The most powerful function served is the release of tension .
the most powerful function served is the [free] of tension .

Another frequent difficulty is that over a period of years , constant masturbation , sometimes desperately engaged in for emotional comfort rather than sexual release , results in desensitization of the penis .
another frequent difficulty is that over a period of years , constant masturbation , sometimes desperately engaged in for emotional comfort rather than sexual [free] , results in desensitization of the penis .

The gentler grip of the female vagina , combined with a natural initial unwillingness to use prison pornographic imagery to achieve a climax , as in masturbation , may cause difficulty in reaching orgasm in the initial weeks or months after release .
the gentler grip of the female vagina , combined with a natural initial unwillingness to use prison pornographic imagery to achieve a climax , as in masturbation , may cause difficulty in reaching orgasm in the initial weeks or months after [free] .

Full release had never come to him before , the release of all that pent-up pain .
full [free] had never come to him before , the [free] of all that pent-up pain .

So with the gradual release of information about Stalinism and the terrible losses of life in the labour camps , a whole generation of political activists lost their faith , not only in Russia , but in the hope that human beings can radically alter their society in ways that make it more equal and more just .
so with the gradual [free] of information about stalinism and the terrible losses of life in the labour camps , a whole generation of political activists lost their faith , not only in russia , but in the hope that human beings can radically alter their society in ways that make it more equal and more just .

Any experienced masseur can tell how often , as they release muscle tension , tears are shed .
any experienced masseur can tell how often , as they [free] muscle tension , tears are shed .

In counselling , indeed in any of the ‘ talking ’ therapies , tears play an important part , first of all in the release of tension , and later as a way of directing attention to areas which are ‘ tender ’ and might repay exploration .
in counselling , indeed in any of the ‘ talking ’ therapies , tears play an important part , first of all in the [free] of tension , and later as a way of directing attention to areas which are ‘ tender ’ and might repay exploration .

The second is to release emotional tension .
the second is to [free] emotional tension .

We can not achieve your release yet .
we can not achieve your [free] yet .

She nursed his ailments too , and with a needle from a certain yucca picked out the chigoes from his feet , neatly , so as not to burst the sac in which the nits were hatching and release them into his flesh : the insects between his pink and white toes were just like a shrimp 's roe .
she nursed his ailments too , and with a needle from a certain yucca picked out the chigoes from his feet , neatly , so as not to burst the sac in which the nits were hatching and [free] them into his flesh : the insects between his pink and white toes were just like a shrimp 's roe .

The new release of PageMaker has addressed itself to four main areas in which users felt the product was lacking ; long documents , repetitive formats , graphics and colour , as well as adding additional features such as text export and enhanced file import facilities .
the new [free] of pagemaker has addressed itself to four main areas in which users felt the product was lacking ; long documents , repetitive formats , graphics and colour , as well as adding additional features such as text export and enhanced file import facilities .

It was you who allowed me to release them .
it was you who allowed me to [free] them .

Ahead were the fountains and Nelson 's Column , jabbing upwards towards the overcast heavens as if threatening to tear the low cloud and release the torrents of rain that seemed to be swelling in them .
ahead were the fountains and nelson 's column , jabbing upwards towards the overcast heavens as if threatening to tear the low cloud and [free] the torrents of rain that seemed to be swelling in them .

Waiting for the only real release , which would come in the form of death ; the actual termination of life , not the living death of captivity .
waiting for the only real [free] , which would come in the form of death ; the actual termination of life , not the living death of captivity .

provide opportunity for catharsis ie. the release of hostile feelings etc that have been , or may be , repressed otherwise .
provide opportunity for catharsis ie. the [free] of hostile feelings etc that have been , or may be , repressed otherwise .

Later when he wanted to release him he had only to go through the same motion but this time having his hand covered with a substance that would neutralize the smell .
later when he wanted to [free] him he had only to go through the same motion but this time having his hand covered with a substance that would neutralize the smell .

They then wrapped it in linen and concealed it about their person : to jade a horse they touched him in the pit of the shoulder with the frog 's bone : to release the horse they touched him on the rump .
they then wrapped it in linen and concealed it about their person : to jade a horse they touched him in the pit of the shoulder with the frog 's bone : to [free] the horse they touched him on the rump .

Haines died 16 June 1860 , at Bombay harbour on a ship that was to take him to England , one week after his release from prison .
haines died 16 june 1860 , at bombay harbour on a ship that was to take him to england , one week after his [free] from prison .

Upon their release in May , Lin expelled Matheson from China forever , but the Scot retreated first to Macao and then to Hong Kong , to resume opium sales in secret , with 200 per cent profits on fresh supplies from India .
upon their [free] in may , lin expelled matheson from china forever , but the scot retreated first to macao and then to hong kong , to resume opium sales in secret , with 200 per cent profits on fresh supplies from india .

After Wilde 's release in 1897 and his exile to France , Ross continued to befriend and support him , and to act as intermediary between Wilde and his estranged wife and her advisers .
after wilde 's [free] in 1897 and his exile to france , ross continued to befriend and support him , and to act as intermediary between wilde and his estranged wife and her advisers .

Before his release from Reading gaol , Wilde appointed Ross his literary executor ; but with Wilde 's estate bankrupt , it was not until 1905 that Ross was able to pay Wilde 's creditors and annul the bankruptcy .
before his [free] from reading gaol , wilde appointed ross his literary executor ; but with wilde 's estate bankrupt , it was not until 1905 that ross was able to pay wilde 's creditors and annul the bankruptcy .

Between June 1290 and October 1293 he paid the fine of £1,000 which had secured his release from the Tower of London .
between june 1290 and october 1293 he paid the fine of £1,000 which had secured his [free] from the tower of london .

After his release he lived in Kent , preaching regularly in Rochester Cathedral and laying the foundations for what became the Quaker community there .
after his [free] he lived in kent , preaching regularly in rochester cathedral and laying the foundations for what became the quaker community there .

, in an attempt to secure his release .
, in an attempt to secure his [free] .

He was imprisoned at Verdun from 1811 until his release in 1814 .
he was imprisoned at verdun from 1811 until his [free] in 1814 .

There should be the opportunity to earn release by acquiring marks by diligence .
there should be the opportunity to earn [free] by acquiring marks by diligence .

At the very end of his life there was also a suggestion that he was in receipt of bribes for the release of prisoners at Newgate , though this allegation seems not to have been proved .
at the very end of his life there was also a suggestion that he was in receipt of bribes for the [free] of prisoners at newgate , though this allegation seems not to have been proved .

She co-ordinated her release with public-speaking engagements , making use of the Prisoners ' Temporary Discharge for Ill Health Act of 1913 ( known as the ‘ Cat and Mouse Act ’ ) .
she co-ordinated her [free] with public-speaking engagements , making use of the prisoners ' temporary discharge for ill health act of 1913 ( known as the ‘ cat and mouse act ’ ) .

On his release he made his way back to England through Belgium , sailing from Antwerp in the hastily requisitioned Montrose .
on his [free] he made his way back to england through belgium , sailing from antwerp in the hastily requisitioned montrose .

The women were released and Martha Simmonds took a job as nurse to Oliver Cromwell 's sister , by which means she secured Nayler 's release .
the women were released and martha simmonds took a job as nurse to oliver cromwell 's sister , by which means she secured nayler 's [free] .

In April 1649 several hundred of them besieged Parliament , demanding the release of the Leveller leaders from prison .
in april 1649 several hundred of them besieged parliament , demanding the [free] of the leveller leaders from prison .

Another charge , relating to the release of some rioters apprehended during an attack on a prison , was dropped .
another charge , relating to the [free] of some rioters apprehended during an attack on a prison , was dropped .

To gain the release from prison of two Quaker preachers , she went to Basingstoke .
to gain the [free] from prison of two quaker preachers , she went to basingstoke .

On release she went to the mayor and so powerful were her reproaches that he ‘ acknowledged the truth of her doctrine ’ and henceforth attempted to protect Quakers .
on [free] she went to the mayor and so powerful were her reproaches that he ‘ acknowledged the truth of her doctrine ’ and henceforth attempted to protect quakers .

Although the amount of his fine was fixed at 2,000 marks as early as October 1292 , he remained in prison in the Tower and later in Winchester Castle till 1294 , when his release was obtained in return for a promise by Henry and his sureties to pay the fine off at the rate of 300 marks a year .
although the amount of his fine was fixed at 2,000 marks as early as october 1292 , he remained in prison in the tower and later in winchester castle till 1294 , when his [free] was obtained in return for a promise by henry and his sureties to pay the fine off at the rate of 300 marks a year .

The exemption is a recognition of the desirability of spontaneity in certain circumstances ; where there are sudden events such as the ‘ release of pollutants , a traffic accident , a shipment of nuclear waste or a visit by a political leader , ’ the response to such events must be immediate if it is to be effective , and the giving of notice is in such circumstances not reasonably practicable .
the exemption is a recognition of the desirability of spontaneity in certain circumstances ; where there are sudden events such as the ‘ [free] of pollutants , a traffic accident , a shipment of nuclear waste or a visit by a political leader , ’ the response to such events must be immediate if it is to be effective , and the giving of notice is in such circumstances not reasonably practicable .

Apart from the traditional kinds based upon potassium permanganate or copper sulphate , there are now dual algicides/fish fungicides and slow release kinds , available as a dissolving block kept more or less permanently in the pool .
apart from the traditional kinds based upon potassium permanganate or copper sulphate , there are now dual algicides/fish fungicides and slow [free] kinds , available as a dissolving block kept more or less permanently in the pool .

If a bequest to a school was specified in terms of ‘ the best performance in the School Certificate ’ it would be unreasonable not to release that restriction when the School Certificate was abolished .
if a bequest to a school was specified in terms of ‘ the best performance in the school certificate ’ it would be unreasonable not to [free] that restriction when the school certificate was abolished .

Let your partner push your leg into your chest firmly and then release .
let your partner push your leg into your chest firmly and then [free] .

The student needs to immerse himself in the performance of a kata in order to release his emotions .
the student needs to immerse himself in the performance of a kata in order to [free] his emotions .

4 The attacker continues to release the kick
4 the attacker continues to [free] the kick

Deltaic deposition can occur anywhere that a current carrying sediment slows down , especially if the cause of its check in velocity is due to it spreading out on release from a confined channel Thus submarine tidal deltas can be built where strong tidal currents pass through narrow straits between islands and then fan out .
deltaic deposition can occur anywhere that a current carrying sediment slows down , especially if the cause of its check in velocity is due to it spreading out on [free] from a confined channel thus submarine tidal deltas can be built where strong tidal currents pass through narrow straits between islands and then fan out .

So , in Pepper v. Hart , Lord Browne-Wilkinson referred to a press release issued contemporaneously with an admitted ministerial parliamentary statement .
so , in pepper v. hart , lord browne-wilkinson referred to a press [free] issued contemporaneously with an admitted ministerial parliamentary statement .

The reports also go to the press along with a press release , to witnesses who have assisted in the inquiry and — especially important — to those with direct responsibility for further progress on a legislative proposal .
the reports also go to the press along with a press [free] , to witnesses who have assisted in the inquiry and — especially important — to those with direct responsibility for further progress on a legislative proposal .

Citing an additional reason for the change of tack , he went on to suggest that ‘ laying the blame at the door of Libya will lift a burden from the shoulders of diplomats working to reconvene the Middle East peace conference and to release the last remaining British hostage in Lebanon , Mr Terry Waite .
citing an additional reason for the change of tack , he went on to suggest that ‘ laying the blame at the door of libya will lift a burden from the shoulders of diplomats working to reconvene the middle east peace conference and to [free] the last remaining british hostage in lebanon , mr terry waite .

Some of the dates were release dates but they were not all genuine because one of the prisoners had been able to interfere with the computer and ‘ reduce ’ the sentences .
some of the dates were [free] dates but they were not all genuine because one of the prisoners had been able to interfere with the computer and ‘ reduce ’ the sentences .

At least , she thought savagely as she climbed the stairs to the top floor , she would get the story about the release dates into the paper .
at least , she thought savagely as she climbed the stairs to the top floor , she would get the story about the [free] dates into the paper .

Rain told him she had a better one and he went with her to listen as she talked to Riley and the lawyer , Wilmot , about the prison release dates .
rain told him she had a better one and he went with her to listen as she talked to riley and the lawyer , wilmot , about the prison [free] dates .

To Alex Harbury 's chagrin Riley would not let him work on the prison release dates story and sent him to interview a Girlie winner .
to alex harbury 's chagrin riley would not let him work on the prison [free] dates story and sent him to interview a girlie winner .

Sniffy was reasonably pleased to see them as the Goad men had been about to wreak vengeance on him for his revelations about the prison release dates being changed .
sniffy was reasonably pleased to see them as the goad men had been about to wreak vengeance on him for his revelations about the prison [free] dates being changed .

The release inspired by the telling was too sweet .
the [free] inspired by the telling was too sweet .

He did not think about how certain dreadful fates do not encompass death , though death would be a welcome release from such destinies .
he did not think about how certain dreadful fates do not encompass death , though death would be a welcome [free] from such destinies .

Perhaps it would be a release to suffer extinction at the teeth of this woman .
perhaps it would be a [free] to suffer extinction at the teeth of this woman .

Wycliffe decided to call off the search which would release at least a dozen men to return to normal duties .
wycliffe decided to call off the search which would [free] at least a dozen men to return to normal duties .

Her lungs would be full of stale air that she could n't release , while her brain was already filling with static from lack of the same .
her lungs would be full of stale air that she could n't [free] , while her brain was already filling with static from lack of the same .

Jerkily , with less than perfect co-ordination , Russell managed to release his grip on her .
jerkily , with less than perfect co-ordination , russell managed to [free] his grip on her .

Embargoed for release : 0800 hours , 4 February 1993
embargoed for [free] : 0800 hours , 4 february 1993

For immediate release : 10 June 1993
for immediate [free] : 10 june 1993

For immediate release : 2 June 1993
for immediate [free] : 2 june 1993

For immediate release : 5 April 1993
for immediate [free] : 5 april 1993

Last year , our experience in two important areas of nuclear power — fission product release and transport processes — has proved valuable in helping Nuclear Electric develop safety cases for power reactors .
last year , our experience in two important areas of nuclear power — fission product [free] and transport processes — has proved valuable in helping nuclear electric develop safety cases for power reactors .

We go on praying for the release of hostages and prisoners held without a cause ; and we pray for peace , and especially for the peace of Jerusalem .
we go on praying for the [free] of hostages and prisoners held without a cause ; and we pray for peace , and especially for the peace of jerusalem .

Women 's Committee Unit . News release
women 's committee unit . news [free]

Projected future in-migration is a very significant ( if not the only ) factor requiring the release of large amounts of land for housing .
projected future in-migration is a very significant ( if not the only ) factor requiring the [free] of large amounts of land for housing .

maintaining up-to-date media contact lists and running the news release service ;
maintaining up-to-date media contact lists and running the news [free] service ;

Sunday 10th January : For Immediate Release
sunday 10th january : for immediate [free]

When pupils at Derwendeg Primary School near Hengoed in Mid Glamorgan went to release some tadpoles into the local stream , they found it badly polluted .
when pupils at derwendeg primary school near hengoed in mid glamorgan went to [free] some tadpoles into the local stream , they found it badly polluted .

Our Equity Release service allows you to borrow up to 80% of the value of your home , less any outstanding mortgage or other loan secured on it , either as a lump sum or simply as a credit facility to be used as and when you like .
our equity [free] service allows you to borrow up to 80% of the value of your home , less any outstanding mortgage or other loan secured on it , either as a lump sum or simply as a credit facility to be used as and when you like .

The accident , which occurred on August 13 , did not involve the release of radiation or damage to the reactor core .
the accident , which occurred on august 13 , did not involve the [free] of radiation or damage to the reactor core .

The Toxics Release Inventory is based on the data which companies are required to file with the Environmental Protection Agency on the types and amounts of chemicals their plants discharge into the air , soil and water .
the toxics [free] inventory is based on the data which companies are required to file with the environmental protection agency on the types and amounts of chemicals their plants discharge into the air , soil and water .

The perforated plastic and foam trunk , branches and leaves absorb dew and frost during the night and gradually release water throughout the day , cooling surface air .
the perforated plastic and foam trunk , branches and leaves absorb dew and frost during the night and gradually [free] water throughout the day , cooling surface air .

Leggett has argued that the countries should also be monitoring the effects of global warming on the thinning of the Arctic icecap and the release of methane from thawing tundra , both which could worsen global warming .
leggett has argued that the countries should also be monitoring the effects of global warming on the thinning of the arctic icecap and the [free] of methane from thawing tundra , both which could worsen global warming .

Caithness Charcoal claim that their operations would have no damaging environmental impact ; its 130-foot tall factory chimney would , however , release gases including sulphur dioxide and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons .
caithness charcoal claim that their operations would have no damaging environmental impact ; its 130-foot tall factory chimney would , however , [free] gases including sulphur dioxide and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons .

Their latest release is a recording of cantatas by Scarlatti ( Domenico ) with Kate Eckersley , and to be released early in 1991 is their most ambitious venture yet , Purcell 's ode Hail Bright Cecilia .
their latest [free] is a recording of cantatas by scarlatti ( domenico ) with kate eckersley , and to be released early in 1991 is their most ambitious venture yet , purcell 's ode hail bright cecilia .

However , the Japanese Energy Agency later admitted that an emergency pressure release valve had failed to work during the shutdown process , forcing technicians to use a back-up water sprinkler system .
however , the japanese energy agency later admitted that an emergency pressure [free] valve had failed to work during the shutdown process , forcing technicians to use a back-up water sprinkler system .

These include statutory backing for a register of authorities and individuals considered competent to release genetically altered organisms and a committee to advise on whether individual such releases should be permitted .
these include statutory backing for a register of authorities and individuals considered competent to [free] genetically altered organisms and a committee to advise on whether individual such releases should be permitted .

In addition , Rule 20.1 ( see para 12.2.1 below ) provides that particular care must be taken not to release new material in interviews or discussions with the media .
in addition , rule 20.1 ( see para 12.2.1 below ) provides that particular care must be taken not to [free] new material in interviews or discussions with the media .

Notwithstanding anything herein contained or the completion of the Lease nothing in this agreement shall release the Landlord from any liability in respect of defects appearing in the Works due to bad or faulty workmanship or design or materials provided notice of the same shall have been given to the Landlord by the Tenant or its successors in title before the expiration of the period of [ 6 ] years from the date hereof and upon receipt of such notice the Landlord shall forthwith take such action as may be necessary to remedy the defects at its own expense with all possible expedition
notwithstanding anything herein contained or the completion of the lease nothing in this agreement shall [free] the landlord from any liability in respect of defects appearing in the works due to bad or faulty workmanship or design or materials provided notice of the same shall have been given to the landlord by the tenant or its successors in title before the expiration of the period of [ 6 ] years from the date hereof and upon receipt of such notice the landlord shall forthwith take such action as may be necessary to remedy the defects at its own expense with all possible expedition

If the provision is included in the lease and is exercised , the tenant should not forget to obtain a release of the original guarantor on the execution of the guarantee by the new guarantor .
if the provision is included in the lease and is exercised , the tenant should not forget to obtain a [free] of the original guarantor on the execution of the guarantee by the new guarantor .

9.3 Covenants relating to adjoining Premises Nothing contained in or implied by this Lease shall give the Tenant the benefit of or the right to enforce or to prevent the release or modification of any covenant agreement or condition entered into by any tenant of the Landlord in respect of any property not comprised in this Lease Tenants have very limited rights to enforce covenants against each other .
9.3 covenants relating to adjoining premises nothing contained in or implied by this lease shall give the tenant the benefit of or the right to enforce or to prevent the [free] or modification of any covenant agreement or condition entered into by any tenant of the landlord in respect of any property not comprised in this lease tenants have very limited rights to enforce covenants against each other .

9.20 Limitation on liability Before leaving the provisos it may be worthwhile to include the following additional proviso : On an assignment of this Lease in pursuance of the Landlord 's licence authorising the assignment the Landlord shall forthwith at the assignor 's cost release the assignor from its future liability under this Lease in such form as the Landlord shall reasonably require Although this is unlikely to find favour with the landlord , it should perhaps be considered having regard to a recession and the outcry from tenants who , having assigned their leases , are being called upon to pay accumulating back rents as a result of the insolvency of the current tenant .
9.20 limitation on liability before leaving the provisos it may be worthwhile to include the following additional proviso : on an assignment of this lease in pursuance of the landlord 's licence authorising the assignment the landlord shall forthwith at the assignor 's cost [free] the assignor from its future liability under this lease in such form as the landlord shall reasonably require although this is unlikely to find favour with the landlord , it should perhaps be considered having regard to a recession and the outcry from tenants who , having assigned their leases , are being called upon to pay accumulating back rents as a result of the insolvency of the current tenant .

Those against the doctrine argue that it is unfair on the basis that the landlord has accepted the new tenant and therefore should release the old .
those against the doctrine argue that it is unfair on the basis that the landlord has accepted the new tenant and therefore should [free] the old .

8.2 To take Lease following disclaimer If at any time during the Term the Tenant ( being an individual ) shall become bankrupt or ( being a company ) shall enter into liquidation and the trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator shall disclaim this Lease the Guarantor shall if the Landlord shall by notice within [ 60 ] days after such disclaimer so require take from the Landlord a Lease of the Premises for the residue of the Contractual Term which would have remained had there been no disclaimer at the Rent then being paid under this Lease and subject to the same covenants and terms as in this Lease ( except that the Guarantor shall not be required to procure that any other person is made a party to the Lease as guarantor ) such new Lease to take effect from the date of such disclaimer and in such case the Guarantor shall pay the costs of such new Lease and execute and deliver to the Landlord a counterpart of it This provision is inserted to avoid the fact that a disclaimer of a lease by a trustee in bankruptcy or a liquidator will give rise to the release of the guarantor from the date of the disclaimer .
8.2 to take lease following disclaimer if at any time during the term the tenant ( being an individual ) shall become bankrupt or ( being a company ) shall enter into liquidation and the trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator shall disclaim this lease the guarantor shall if the landlord shall by notice within [ 60 ] days after such disclaimer so require take from the landlord a lease of the premises for the residue of the contractual term which would have remained had there been no disclaimer at the rent then being paid under this lease and subject to the same covenants and terms as in this lease ( except that the guarantor shall not be required to procure that any other person is made a party to the lease as guarantor ) such new lease to take effect from the date of such disclaimer and in such case the guarantor shall pay the costs of such new lease and execute and deliver to the landlord a counterpart of it this provision is inserted to avoid the fact that a disclaimer of a lease by a trustee in bankruptcy or a liquidator will give rise to the [free] of the guarantor from the date of the disclaimer .

( a ) Deposit ( s ) paid This comes first on the agenda as a precaution against overlooking it on exchange of contracts , and as a reminder , when it 's paid to the selling estate agent , perhaps to get a release of deposit on completion .
( a ) deposit ( s ) paid this comes first on the agenda as a precaution against overlooking it on exchange of contracts , and as a reminder , when it 's paid to the selling estate agent , perhaps to get a [free] of deposit on completion .

Not that you 're likely to need it : they 're usually only too willing to release it on hearing of completion because then , with the balance of their commission , it can be used by them .
not that you 're likely to need it : they 're usually only too willing to [free] it on hearing of completion because then , with the balance of their commission , it can be used by them .

The Inland Revenue Budget Press Release of 16 March 1993 dealing with the taxation of dividends , paras 24 – 29 , reads thus : 24 Where trustees of trusts in which a beneficiary has an interest in possession receive income , they pass it on to the beneficiary with a credit at the basic rate .
the inland revenue budget press [free] of 16 march 1993 dealing with the taxation of dividends , paras 24 – 29 , reads thus : 24 where trustees of trusts in which a beneficiary has an interest in possession receive income , they pass it on to the beneficiary with a credit at the basic rate .

Warn them too that the defendant will only have to release their report if they intend to rely upon it and that therefore they may never see the report .
warn them too that the defendant will only have to [free] their report if they intend to rely upon it and that therefore they may never see the report .

The writers of books and producers of films for cinema release are also outside the statutory privilege .
the writers of books and producers of films for cinema [free] are also outside the statutory privilege .

Rumen boluses designed for the slow release of anthelmintics over a prolonged period are under development for sheep and seem an ideal way of minimising worm egg output .
rumen boluses designed for the slow [free] of anthelmintics over a prolonged period are under development for sheep and seem an ideal way of minimising worm egg output .

‘ Do n't hide from me , ’ he murmured , excusing his action yet failing to release her wrist after he 'd forced her hand down , his thumb moving over the inside of her wrist as if by accident .
‘ do n't hide from me , ’ he murmured , excusing his action yet failing to [free] her wrist after he 'd forced her hand down , his thumb moving over the inside of her wrist as if by accident .

She wished they could both make it up and release her from this terrible trap .
she wished they could both make it up and [free] her from this terrible trap .

He was taller and heavier than Peter , and Sarella could see he was itching to release some of the terrible violence that clamoured within him .
he was taller and heavier than peter , and sarella could see he was itching to [free] some of the terrible violence that clamoured within him .

She pleaded for release , but , undeterred , he pressed more kisses over her heated face , reducing her struggles to a mere token of dissent .
she pleaded for [free] , but , undeterred , he pressed more kisses over her heated face , reducing her struggles to a mere token of dissent .

There was a moment , as she felt the release from the flimsy protection of her undergarments , when it seemed as if something yet might stop him in the tidal wave of passion , but his intention overwhelmed any such hesitation , and with a moan of desire she put herself entirely into his hands .
there was a moment , as she felt the [free] from the flimsy protection of her undergarments , when it seemed as if something yet might stop him in the tidal wave of passion , but his intention overwhelmed any such hesitation , and with a moan of desire she put herself entirely into his hands .

’ He made no attempt to release her .
’ he made no attempt to [free] her .

This type of work avoids the issue of providing synonym access to information stored in the microcomputer — a problem heightened by the increased access to information through keywords and a release from the restraints of card-based subject indexes and catalogues .
this type of work avoids the issue of providing synonym access to information stored in the microcomputer — a problem heightened by the increased access to information through keywords and a [free] from the restraints of card-based subject indexes and catalogues .

More commonly , however , one party to the original mortgage is to be released or another party added , and in these cases it is necessary for the mortgagee concerned to be a party to the document ( unless separate deeds of release and covenant are executed ) .
more commonly , however , one party to the original mortgage is to be released or another party added , and in these cases it is necessary for the mortgagee concerned to be a party to the document ( unless separate deeds of [free] and covenant are executed ) .

In such a case , the husband will , if possible , wish to be released by the mortgagee from the future liability under the mortgage rather than rely upon an indemnity from the wife , and although the mortgagee should be aware of the proceedings between the parties by virtue of the notification required to be made to it under r2.59 ( 4 ) of the Family Proceedings Rules 1991 ( see p3 ) , a formal application will doubtless have to be made by the husband for a release .
in such a case , the husband will , if possible , wish to be released by the mortgagee from the future liability under the mortgage rather than rely upon an indemnity from the wife , and although the mortgagee should be aware of the proceedings between the parties by virtue of the notification required to be made to it under r2.59 ( 4 ) of the family proceedings rules 1991 ( see p3 ) , a formal application will doubtless have to be made by the husband for a [free] .

It must be remembered that a court can not order a mortgagee to agree to a conveyance or transfer subject to mortgage , nor can it order a mortgagee to release a party from the mortgage covenants .
it must be remembered that a court can not order a mortgagee to agree to a conveyance or transfer subject to mortgage , nor can it order a mortgagee to [free] a party from the mortgage covenants .

If the wife 's level of income is sufficient , the mortgagee will probably consent to the release of the husband from liability under the mortgage so long as the wife covenants to assume this and , depending upon the practice of the mortgagee , will specify what clauses it requires in the appropriate conveyance or transfer .
if the wife 's level of income is sufficient , the mortgagee will probably consent to the [free] of the husband from liability under the mortgage so long as the wife covenants to assume this and , depending upon the practice of the mortgagee , will specify what clauses it requires in the appropriate conveyance or transfer .

The release of the husband from his obligations under the mortgage ( as in Precedent 5 ) will not release him from the covenants for title implied under s76 ( 1 ) of the Law of Property Act 1925 by his having charged the property as beneficial owner ( The Conveyancer , 1982 , p252 ) ; this lack of complete release however is necessary for the mortgagee so that it still has the covenant for further assurance in the event that a defect in title becomes apparent and some mortgagees insist on a specific covenant to this effect .
the [free] of the husband from his obligations under the mortgage ( as in precedent 5 ) will not [free] him from the covenants for title implied under s76 ( 1 ) of the law of property act 1925 by his having charged the property as beneficial owner ( the conveyancer , 1982 , p252 ) ; this lack of complete [free] however is necessary for the mortgagee so that it still has the covenant for further assurance in the event that a defect in title becomes apparent and some mortgagees insist on a specific covenant to this effect .

( b ) Where in addition there is a second charge If the former matrimonial home to be conveyed or transferred to the wife is subject to both a first and second charge it may be that whilst the first mortgagee is prepared to release the husband , upon having a direct covenant by the wife , the second mortgagee is not so agreeable .
( b ) where in addition there is a second charge if the former matrimonial home to be conveyed or transferred to the wife is subject to both a first and second charge it may be that whilst the first mortgagee is prepared to [free] the husband , upon having a direct covenant by the wife , the second mortgagee is not so agreeable .

That failing , there can be a conveyance between the husband and wife , to which the first mortgagee is a party , to release the husband from liability under the first mortgage and take a covenant to observe and perform the same from the wife who will also covenant with the husband to indemnify him in respect of the second mortgage .
that failing , there can be a conveyance between the husband and wife , to which the first mortgagee is a party , to [free] the husband from liability under the first mortgage and take a covenant to observe and perform the same from the wife who will also covenant with the husband to indemnify him in respect of the second mortgage .

In the first case , the conveyance should be prepared and executed in triplicate ( or there should be examined copies ) so that the original is held by the first mortgagee , the husband has a record of the indemnity and release given and the second mortgagee also has a record of the transfer .
in the first case , the conveyance should be prepared and executed in triplicate ( or there should be examined copies ) so that the original is held by the first mortgagee , the husband has a record of the indemnity and [free] given and the second mortgagee also has a record of the transfer .

In the second case , there will need to be an original and a duplicate ( or examined copy ) of each document so that the husband has a record of the release from the first mortgage and of the indemnity given him in respect of the second mortgage .
in the second case , there will need to be an original and a duplicate ( or examined copy ) of each document so that the husband has a record of the [free] from the first mortgage and of the indemnity given him in respect of the second mortgage .

( a ) Unregistered land Where the husband and wife are beneficial joint tenants there are two methods by which the matrimonial home may be vested in the wife alone : ( i ) the husband can release his interest in the legal estate to the wife ( Law of Property Act 1925 , s36 ( 2 ) ) ; or ( ii ) the husband and the wife can convey the legal estate to the wife alone ( Law of Property Act 1925 , s72 ( 4 ) ) .
( a ) unregistered land where the husband and wife are beneficial joint tenants there are two methods by which the matrimonial home may be vested in the wife alone : ( i ) the husband can [free] his interest in the legal estate to the wife ( law of property act 1925 , s36 ( 2 ) ) ; or ( ii ) the husband and the wife can convey the legal estate to the wife alone ( law of property act 1925 , s72 ( 4 ) ) .

So far as a tenant in common is concerned however , he or she can not release an undivided half share , as a tenant in common is solely seised of his or her respective interest .
so far as a tenant in common is concerned however , he or she can not [free] an undivided half share , as a tenant in common is solely seised of his or her respective interest .

Thus , since neither the registry nor persons dealing with the registered estate can have notice of any trust a release by one joint tenant to another is inappropriate ( in contrast to unregistered conveyancing ) to transfer the registered estate , and a transfer from the husband and the wife to the wife alone is the appropriate document .
thus , since neither the registry nor persons dealing with the registered estate can have notice of any trust a [free] by one joint tenant to another is inappropriate ( in contrast to unregistered conveyancing ) to transfer the registered estate , and a transfer from the husband and the wife to the wife alone is the appropriate document .

As the transfer deals only with the legal estate , it can be argued that there should properly be a release off the register by the husband of his equitable interest in the matrimonial home to the wife .
as the transfer deals only with the legal estate , it can be argued that there should properly be a [free] off the register by the husband of his equitable interest in the matrimonial home to the wife .

In practice such a release is rarely prepared , the parties being satisfied with the evidence of the court order and the transfer itself .
in practice such a [free] is rarely prepared , the parties being satisfied with the evidence of the court order and the transfer itself .

Although it may be agreed , or the court may order , that the matrimonial home be conveyed or transferred to the wife alone subject to the existing mortgage , the mortgagee may not be willing to release the husband therefrom .
although it may be agreed , or the court may order , that the matrimonial home be conveyed or transferred to the wife alone subject to the existing mortgage , the mortgagee may not be willing to [free] the husband therefrom .

This may take place subsequent to the conveyance or transfer to the wife , so that a separate deed of release is required in favour of the husband ( see Precedents 32 and 33 ) .
this may take place subsequent to the conveyance or transfer to the wife , so that a separate deed of [free] is required in favour of the husband ( see precedents 32 and 33 ) .

No stamp duty is payable on the deed ( which should be prepared in duplicate so that the husband has evidence of his release ) .
no stamp duty is payable on the deed ( which should be prepared in duplicate so that the husband has evidence of his [free] ) .

If the property is subject to a mortgage , then if the new husband 's financial status is acceptable to the mortgagee it will doubtless be prepared to release the husband 's covenant in return for receiving a similar covenant from the new husband .
if the property is subject to a mortgage , then if the new husband 's financial status is acceptable to the mortgagee it will doubtless be prepared to [free] the husband 's covenant in return for receiving a similar covenant from the new husband .

It is not likely that the mortgagee will release the wife as one of the owners of the legal estate from liability under the mortgage .
it is not likely that the mortgagee will [free] the wife as one of the owners of the legal estate from liability under the mortgage .

It is not appropriate to incorporate provisions to transfer the charge to another house in the original charge , as the charge relates to a specific property , and such provision should be contained in the consent order ; such flexibility can of course raise difficulties particularly if the wife wishes to move down market and release some funds ( without repaying the husband ) as this thereby reduces the husband 's security , especially if he only has the security of a second charge .
it is not appropriate to incorporate provisions to transfer the charge to another house in the original charge , as the charge relates to a specific property , and such provision should be contained in the consent order ; such flexibility can of course raise difficulties particularly if the wife wishes to move down market and [free] some funds ( without repaying the husband ) as this thereby reduces the husband 's security , especially if he only has the security of a second charge .

’ she gasped , desperate for the power and thrust of his flesh , which alone could bring release from the ever-mounting , passionate excitement that was shaking her slender form .
’ she gasped , desperate for the power and thrust of his flesh , which alone could bring [free] from the ever-mounting , passionate excitement that was shaking her slender form .

But even then , when she was standing upright beside him , he made no attempt to release her hand and Rachel was only too aware of his appraising glance as he glanced down at the wet jade swimsuit tightly moulded to her slight , almost boyish figure before abruptly she snatched her hand away and walked quickly to the changing-rooms .
but even then , when she was standing upright beside him , he made no attempt to [free] her hand and rachel was only too aware of his appraising glance as he glanced down at the wet jade swimsuit tightly moulded to her slight , almost boyish figure before abruptly she snatched her hand away and walked quickly to the changing-rooms .

The bomb-aimer operated his sight and electrically-controlled release gears from beneath the gunner , a hinged wind-balanced panel in the extreme nose opening outward for the purpose of sighting and aiming .
the bomb-aimer operated his sight and electrically-controlled [free] gears from beneath the gunner , a hinged wind-balanced panel in the extreme nose opening outward for the purpose of sighting and aiming .

His decision on whether to release Gilmour will come next month .
his decision on whether to [free] gilmour will come next month .

We 're marking the release on video this week of the Dustin Hoffman movie Accidental Hero , which tells the story of a small-time petty thief 's rise from sleazy obscurity to fortitude and heroic deeds .
we 're marking the [free] on video this week of the dustin hoffman movie accidental hero , which tells the story of a small-time petty thief 's rise from sleazy obscurity to fortitude and heroic deeds .

His early release was conditional on him taking up labouring work with a state owned construction company in Ostrava .
his early [free] was conditional on him taking up labouring work with a state owned construction company in ostrava .

The favourite explanation , however , was ‘ speculative hoarding ’ , and it was this which became the target for government action ( in addition to a series of measures designed to speed up the release and development of land ) .
the favourite explanation , however , was ‘ speculative hoarding ’ , and it was this which became the target for government action ( in addition to a series of measures designed to speed up the [free] and development of land ) .

It was a dangerous one he knew he must n't release .
it was a dangerous one he knew he must n't [free] .

The electrical methods allow other possibilities ; one can , for example , release dye all along a wire at a given instant and obtain information from its subsequent locus .
the electrical methods allow other possibilities ; one can , for example , [free] dye all along a wire at a given instant and obtain information from its subsequent locus .

If the government then uses this money to repay the national debt by buying back more bonds and Treasury bills than it issues , this will release the money back into the economy again .
if the government then uses this money to repay the national debt by buying back more bonds and treasury bills than it issues , this will [free] the money back into the economy again .

These special deposits are frozen , and can not be drawn on until the authorities choose to release them .
these special deposits are frozen , and can not be drawn on until the authorities choose to [free] them .

They can increase the monetary base through open market operations or the release of special deposits , but they can not force banks to lend if customers do not want to borrow .
they can increase the monetary base through open market operations or the [free] of special deposits , but they can not force banks to lend if customers do not want to borrow .

Even in the absence of ants , the tuber of the epiphytic Myrmecodia develops but the ants , usually species of Iridomyrex , keep broods in smooth chambers , placing debris in warted ones : the release of nutrients may be facilitated by the presence of fungi .
even in the absence of ants , the tuber of the epiphytic myrmecodia develops but the ants , usually species of iridomyrex , keep broods in smooth chambers , placing debris in warted ones : the [free] of nutrients may be facilitated by the presence of fungi .

She heard him release the breath he 'd been holding in a sigh .
she heard him [free] the breath he 'd been holding in a sigh .

She burned some of her angry energy in the pure physical release of putting that paddle into the water and pulling hard against the resisting force .
she burned some of her angry energy in the pure physical [free] of putting that paddle into the water and pulling hard against the resisting force .

Then the hard body overpowered her completely , thrusting into her , hands biting into her hips as she sprawled beneath him , her mouth slack and her eyes dazed , and as he looked down and saw the expression on her face he began to groan louder with pleasure , whispering incoherent words in a ragged , dehumanised voice , devastating her with the absolute possession he took , sliding his hands under her rear , his face contorting barbarically as he went into a violent climax in a series of deep , fast thrusts and jerked against her with a fierce cry , his body shaking as with the spontaneous release of an electric current .
then the hard body overpowered her completely , thrusting into her , hands biting into her hips as she sprawled beneath him , her mouth slack and her eyes dazed , and as he looked down and saw the expression on her face he began to groan louder with pleasure , whispering incoherent words in a ragged , dehumanised voice , devastating her with the absolute possession he took , sliding his hands under her rear , his face contorting barbarically as he went into a violent climax in a series of deep , fast thrusts and jerked against her with a fierce cry , his body shaking as with the spontaneous [free] of an electric current .

But at least we can express them all when we make love , release them in a fierce cross-current , emotional , mental and physical unity .
but at least we can express them all when we make love , [free] them in a fierce cross-current , emotional , mental and physical unity .

She lay down again , hugging the quilt around her as she closed her eyes , longing for sleep to overcome her , to give her some release from these endless , plaguing thoughts .
she lay down again , hugging the quilt around her as she closed her eyes , longing for sleep to overcome her , to give her some [free] from these endless , plaguing thoughts .

If only someone could release her from the shackles of loving Adam as easily , she thought ruefully .
if only someone could [free] her from the shackles of loving adam as easily , she thought ruefully .

His deep , deep penetration of her came when they could hold back no longer , when the sensuality had swollen so painfully inside them that it cried out for release .
his deep , deep penetration of her came when they could hold back no longer , when the sensuality had swollen so painfully inside them that it cried out for [free] .

‘ Release me ? ’ she cried incredulously . ‘ Release me from what ? Eternal damnation for ever getting tied up with you in the first place ? ’
‘ [free] me ? ’ she cried incredulously . ‘ [free] me from what ? eternal damnation for ever getting tied up with you in the first place ? ’

You said release me … you ca n't … ’ Suddenly she laughed , forcing it out between her nervous lips .
you said [free] me … you ca n't … ’ suddenly she laughed , forcing it out between her nervous lips .

Her breasts swelled , demanding their own fevered release and Fernando knew and understood and lowered his mouth to her inflamed nipples , taking each in turn , drawing and teasing till Ruth squirmed and twisted in ecstasy beneath him .
her breasts swelled , demanding their own fevered [free] and fernando knew and understood and lowered his mouth to her inflamed nipples , taking each in turn , drawing and teasing till ruth squirmed and twisted in ecstasy beneath him .

Her agonised cry of fluid release caused him to cry out with her as her climax broke like a fever , shuddering her whole body as if an electric current had rushed through it , shock-wave after shock-wave of erotic delight .
her agonised cry of fluid [free] caused him to cry out with her as her climax broke like a fever , shuddering her whole body as if an electric current had rushed through it , shock-wave after shock-wave of erotic delight .

His kiss was whole and complete and her world was whole and complete as their passion erupted and they clung together as the liquid fire inside them flowed furiously in its blazing release .
his kiss was whole and complete and her world was whole and complete as their passion erupted and they clung together as the liquid fire inside them flowed furiously in its blazing [free] .

Only slowly did he release the strap , as if he was reluctant to do so , and it stretched her nerves unbearably .
only slowly did he [free] the strap , as if he was reluctant to do so , and it stretched her nerves unbearably .

She stopped his hands as they began to release the buttons .
she stopped his hands as they began to [free] the buttons .

Paige writhed beneath him in mute appeal for the release they both craved .
paige writhed beneath him in mute appeal for the [free] they both craved .

Reaching the car , Vitor lunged forward to release the young man and lift him free , but the chassis had twisted .
reaching the car , vitor lunged forward to [free] the young man and lift him free , but the chassis had twisted .

When he had attempted to release Simon he must have been hurt , for blood was forming crimson rivulets down one side of his face .
when he had attempted to [free] simon he must have been hurt , for blood was forming crimson rivulets down one side of his face .

Experimentally , Ashley tried to pull free , but he refused to release her .
experimentally , ashley tried to pull free , but he refused to [free] her .

This has been a relatively frequent event in Iceland and it can lead to the rapid melting of large volumes of ice and the release of enormous quantities of water , creating a cataclysmic flood known as a jokulhlaup ( although such floods can also be produced by other means ( see Section 11.4.1 ) ) .
this has been a relatively frequent event in iceland and it can lead to the rapid melting of large volumes of ice and the [free] of enormous quantities of water , creating a cataclysmic flood known as a jokulhlaup ( although such floods can also be produced by other means ( see section 11.4.1 ) ) .

Volcanic eruptions involve the rapid release of enormous quantities of energy .
volcanic eruptions involve the rapid [free] of enormous quantities of energy .

Initially , three sets of largely orthogonal joints develop , but as the overlying rock is unloaded by erosion the release of pressure in the upper 100m or so of the batholith generates a secondary set of joints aligned roughly parallel with the surface .
initially , three sets of largely orthogonal joints develop , but as the overlying rock is unloaded by erosion the [free] of pressure in the upper 100m or so of the batholith generates a secondary set of joints aligned roughly parallel with the surface .

This contrasts with , for instance , the soil scientist 's interest in weathering which stems from a concern for the way it contributes to differences in soil characteristics and the release and movement of nutrients .
this contrasts with , for instance , the soil scientist 's interest in weathering which stems from a concern for the way it contributes to differences in soil characteristics and the [free] and movement of nutrients .

Chemical processes lead to the release of compounds in solution and the creation of new mineral products , while physical processes cause the breakdown of the original rock into smaller particles .
chemical processes lead to the [free] of compounds in solution and the creation of new mineral products , while physical processes cause the breakdown of the original rock into smaller particles .

This liberation of heat represents a net release of free energy ( ) ( more strictly referred to as Gibbs free energy ) .
this liberation of heat represents a net [free] of free energy ( ) ( more strictly referred to as gibbs free energy ) .

Surface waters are in fact weak carbonic acid solutions and we can write a more realistic reaction for the weathering of albite in which the release of metal cations ( in this case sodium ) is matched by the production of bicarbonate ions , a reaction termed carbonation :
surface waters are in fact weak carbonic acid solutions and we can write a more realistic reaction for the weathering of albite in which the [free] of metal cations ( in this case sodium ) is matched by the production of bicarbonate ions , a reaction termed carbonation :

Vegetation influences weathering , as we have already indicated , through the release of organic acids and in the supply of carbon dioxide to soil waters .
vegetation influences weathering , as we have already indicated , through the [free] of organic acids and in the supply of carbon dioxide to soil waters .

As the overlying strata are gradually removed by erosion and these rocks reach the surface they undergo expansion or dilation — a process known as pressure release — which promotes the development of joints .
as the overlying strata are gradually removed by erosion and these rocks reach the surface they undergo expansion or dilation — a process known as pressure [free] — which promotes the development of joints .

This reflects a number of trends ; our society 's lemming-like dash to document , quality-assure and performance-indicate everything that moves , the release from inhibitions ( and writing standards ) and the productivity gains afforded to document creators by the word-processor , and both the power and ephemerality of electronic mail , which encourage proliferation unencumbered by considerations of cost or accountability .
this reflects a number of trends ; our society 's lemming-like dash to document , quality-assure and performance-indicate everything that moves , the [free] from inhibitions ( and writing standards ) and the productivity gains afforded to document creators by the word-processor , and both the power and ephemerality of electronic mail , which encourage proliferation unencumbered by considerations of cost or accountability .

This paper will review the range of statutory regulations which impact the means by which data is stored ; the conditions under which such storage must occur and the rules regarding the release of such information .
this paper will review the range of statutory regulations which impact the means by which data is stored ; the conditions under which such storage must occur and the rules regarding the [free] of such information .

Even after the release of the original data , our datasets are likely to retain some value , since it would require considerable effort to reproduce them .
even after the [free] of the original data , our datasets are likely to retain some value , since it would require considerable effort to reproduce them .

What is much more certain is that it was a huge release for him , a safety valve by which the loner could open up , expand and express himself .
what is much more certain is that it was a huge [free] for him , a safety valve by which the loner could open up , expand and express himself .

Release from lien
[free] from lien

To do so would put the management team at risk of losing their employment , and even facing a claim for damages if the release of the information caused financial loss to the business .
to do so would put the management team at risk of losing their employment , and even facing a claim for damages if the [free] of the information caused financial loss to the business .

The release of this information therefore depends on the co-operation of the vendor .
the [free] of this information therefore depends on the co-operation of the vendor .

This view has been confirmed in an Inland Revenue press release dated 14 April 1988 .
this view has been confirmed in an inland revenue press [free] dated 14 april 1988 .

In relation to a fixed charge , the purchaser should insist that completion will only take place if a deed of release in terms satisfactory to the purchaser is delivered at or before completion .
in relation to a fixed charge , the purchaser should insist that completion will only take place if a deed of [free] in terms satisfactory to the purchaser is delivered at or before completion .

The chargee is unlikely to provide the release before completion and therefore this is invariably the last condition precedent to be satisfied .
the chargee is unlikely to provide the [free] before completion and therefore this is invariably the last condition precedent to be satisfied .

Difficulties over timing are normally resolved by the respective lawyers giving appropriate undertakings , particularly if the chargee will not release the charge until it has received part of the sale proceeds .
difficulties over timing are normally resolved by the respective lawyers giving appropriate undertakings , particularly if the chargee will not [free] the charge until it has received part of the sale proceeds .

As regards the floating charge , if the sale of the vendor 's assets is an event of crystallisation , the purchaser should insist on a similar deed of release .
as regards the floating charge , if the sale of the vendor 's assets is an event of crystallisation , the purchaser should insist on a similar deed of [free] .

The account can either be a joint deposit account requiring the signature of both the vendor and the purchaser to release money or it can be placed in an account with an independent trustee .
the account can either be a joint deposit account requiring the signature of both the vendor and the purchaser to [free] money or it can be placed in an account with an independent trustee .

The reintroduction of red kites into Scotland has been boosted by the release of 20 more birds obtained from southern Sweden .
the reintroduction of red kites into scotland has been boosted by the [free] of 20 more birds obtained from southern sweden .

According to Campaigns Director Andrew Lees , : `` Given the potentially broad scope of such `` areas `` , the obstructive official has ample opportunity to rebuff requests by anyone whose request is not specific enough to penetrate the bureaucratic defences of a body which does not want to release the information . ``
according to campaigns director andrew lees , : `` given the potentially broad scope of such `` areas `` , the obstructive official has ample opportunity to rebuff requests by anyone whose request is not specific enough to penetrate the bureaucratic defences of a body which does not want to [free] the information . ``

Government tests for pesticide contamination in food have been condemned as unreliable , following the release of details of tests carried out by its Food Science Laboratory .
government tests for pesticide contamination in food have been condemned as unreliable , following the [free] of details of tests carried out by its food science laboratory .

Their discoveries have worrying implications for the 600,000 people thought to have been affected by the release of radiation .
their discoveries have worrying implications for the 600,000 people thought to have been affected by the [free] of radiation .

An explosion in a tank containing uranium and plutonium was reported to have started a fire , leading to the release of a radioactive cloud .
an explosion in a tank containing uranium and plutonium was reported to have started a fire , leading to the [free] of a radioactive cloud .

Some researchers have suggested that the plague may be an unforeseen consequence of a scheme aimed at reducing the release of acid-rain-causing compounds into the atmosphere .
some researchers have suggested that the plague may be an unforeseen consequence of a scheme aimed at reducing the [free] of acid-rain-causing compounds into the atmosphere .

Australian soil scientists claim that draining wetlands in the Pacific region triggers the release of lethal quantities of sulphuric acid and aluminium hydroxide into coastal rivers and estuaries , threatening fish and other marine life .
australian soil scientists claim that draining wetlands in the pacific region triggers the [free] of lethal quantities of sulphuric acid and aluminium hydroxide into coastal rivers and estuaries , threatening fish and other marine life .

Emissions of nitrogen oxide , not mentioned in the government press release despite the fact this is another important contributor to acid rain , have continued to rise every year since 1984 , with emissions from road transport up by 73 per cent between 1981 and 1991 .
emissions of nitrogen oxide , not mentioned in the government press [free] despite the fact this is another important contributor to acid rain , have continued to rise every year since 1984 , with emissions from road transport up by 73 per cent between 1981 and 1991 .

Environment Minister David Maclean said that the release of 1,000 megabecquerels of radioactivity , although serious , was well within the plant 's current authorised limits of 4,300MBq a year .
environment minister david maclean said that the [free] of 1,000 megabecquerels of radioactivity , although serious , was well within the plant 's current authorised limits of 4,300mbq a year .

Their diet of fruit , insects and small mammals make them unsuitable for release elsewhere , says a spokesman for the Rio primate centre : `` You could save one species but wipe out 40 others . ``
their diet of fruit , insects and small mammals make them unsuitable for [free] elsewhere , says a spokesman for the rio primate centre : `` you could save one species but wipe out 40 others . ``

The problem coincided with the release of statistics from the government 's Warren Springs Laboratory , showing that nitrogen oxide levels had increased by 33 per cent in the period 1986-91 , roughly in line with the increase in road traffic .
the problem coincided with the [free] of statistics from the government 's warren springs laboratory , showing that nitrogen oxide levels had increased by 33 per cent in the period 1986-91 , roughly in line with the increase in road traffic .

It is hoped that the plan will help to release funds that have been held up because of shortages of data or skilled staff in the East .
it is hoped that the plan will help to [free] funds that have been held up because of shortages of data or skilled staff in the east .

Smelting plants which release around 6 million tonnes of sulphur dioxide every year have created huge ecological `` dead zones `` in many countries , with Britain alone losing 400,000 hectares of agricultural land as a result .
smelting plants which [free] around 6 million tonnes of sulphur dioxide every year have created huge ecological `` dead zones `` in many countries , with britain alone losing 400,000 hectares of agricultural land as a result .

" We have waited too long for our Freedom " ( Nelson Mandela , on the day of his release )
" we have waited too long for our freedom " ( nelson mandela , on the day of his [free] )

It only does not colour the beautiful `` gutter `` quartet [ 20 ] , where Grimes is not mentioned — a temporary release which is as happy dramatically as it is musically .
it only does not colour the beautiful `` gutter `` quartet [ 20 ] , where grimes is not mentioned — a temporary [free] which is as happy dramatically as it is musically .

At the time of writing , no money has been forthcoming , though the Natural Heritage Memorial Fund is being pressured to release the additional five million pounds .
at the time of writing , no money has been forthcoming , though the natural heritage memorial fund is being pressured to [free] the additional five million pounds .

This feeding was continued for a period after their release on the tenth day , in case they were unable to hunt .
this feeding was continued for a period after their [free] on the tenth day , in case they were unable to hunt .

And since this means that at least 20 per cent of the captive-bred animals ( with no experience of the wild ) have been shown to be able to hunt for themselves , find shelter from the freezing conditions and evade predators for more than a month , Bob Oakleaf of the Wyoming Game and Fish Department considers the release a success .
and since this means that at least 20 per cent of the captive-bred animals ( with no experience of the wild ) have been shown to be able to hunt for themselves , find shelter from the freezing conditions and evade predators for more than a month , bob oakleaf of the wyoming game and fish department considers the [free] a success .

And to make sure that the colony has a chance of getting established , the intention is to release a second , larger group of captive-bred animals next autumn .
and to make sure that the colony has a chance of getting established , the intention is to [free] a second , larger group of captive-bred animals next autumn .

For Raymond , whose county had been held as a fief of Aquitaine since 1173 , the replacement of Richard by his elder brother held out the prospect of release from a galling sense of subordination .
for raymond , whose county had been held as a fief of aquitaine since 1173 , the replacement of richard by his elder brother held out the prospect of [free] from a galling sense of subordination .

Immediately on his arrival in England he gave orders for Eleanor 's release from custody .
immediately on his arrival in england he gave orders for eleanor 's [free] from custody .

Since Richard held Seillan responsible for much of the trouble he refused to release him , either for a ransom or in exchange for prisoners taken by Count Raymond , even though these now included two of King Henry 's household knights , who had apparently wandered into the territory of Toulouse on their way back from the shrine of Compostella .
since richard held seillan responsible for much of the trouble he refused to [free] him , either for a ransom or in exchange for prisoners taken by count raymond , even though these now included two of king henry 's household knights , who had apparently wandered into the territory of toulouse on their way back from the shrine of compostella .

There she sheds her eggs and the males release sperm .
there she sheds her eggs and the males [free] sperm .

It , too , was nearly dead , but he was persuaded to release it in a bay long enough for it to be filmed with an underwater camera as it swam slowly above the bottom .
it , too , was nearly dead , but he was persuaded to [free] it in a bay long enough for it to be filmed with an underwater camera as it swam slowly above the bottom .

It was not , of course , a consciously propagandist poem , a poetic equivalent of Mrs Miniver ; but , rather , it afforded consolation and the hope of release on a deeper level .
it was not , of course , a consciously propagandist poem , a poetic equivalent of mrs miniver ; but , rather , it afforded consolation and the hope of [free] on a deeper level .

At a time when his life was unsettled and the future uncertain , he returns to the world of his childhood and , in the course of the poem , meditates upon the need for release from the wheel of time itself , `` the trailing/Consequence of further days and hours `` .
at a time when his life was unsettled and the future uncertain , he returns to the world of his childhood and , in the course of the poem , meditates upon the need for [free] from the wheel of time itself , `` the trailing/consequence of further days and hours `` .

The publication of his work generally provoked in Eliot a sense of release — he had evacuated something , to use one of his favourite expressions , and was left with an agreeable sensation of vacancy — and after the appearance of `` Little Gidding `` in the autumn , he did not expect to do any serious intellectual work during the winter .
the publication of his work generally provoked in eliot a sense of [free] — he had evacuated something , to use one of his favourite expressions , and was left with an agreeable sensation of vacancy — and after the appearance of `` little gidding `` in the autumn , he did not expect to do any serious intellectual work during the winter .

Perhaps he feared that any doubt would mean the postponement of his own release .
perhaps he feared that any doubt would mean the postponement of his own [free] .

We take in a lot more oxygen , our blood pressure rises and our brains release chemicals called endorphins which give us an immediate high .
we take in a lot more oxygen , our blood pressure rises and our brains [free] chemicals called endorphins which give us an immediate high .

‘ Once again it 's just a release of tension , ’ says Dr Lewis .
‘ once again it 's just a [free] of tension , ’ says dr lewis .

Article 6 has never been implemented and it is highly unlikely that it would be used in this way , especially as the consequence would be to release the offending State from those Charter principles that were not deemed to be customary international law .
article 6 has never been implemented and it is highly unlikely that it would be used in this way , especially as the consequence would be to [free] the offending state from those charter principles that were not deemed to be customary international law .

The case arose out of the Executive Agreement concluded between the United States and the Islamic Republic of Iran which led to the eventual release of the hostages detained in Tehran from November 1979 to January 1981 .
the case arose out of the executive agreement concluded between the united states and the islamic republic of iran which led to the eventual [free] of the hostages detained in tehran from november 1979 to january 1981 .

Two years ago Siu-ming left her job as a solicitor in Bath to work for the women 's workshop and train as a cabinetmaker at Brunel Technical College , on block release .
two years ago siu-ming left her job as a solicitor in bath to work for the women 's workshop and train as a cabinetmaker at brunel technical college , on block [free] .

On the rare occasions when French and Vietminh met and when local concessions might have helped at least to improve the atmosphere — for example the release of hostages taken by Vietminh — the Vietminh for their part denied all knowledge that any had been taken while violent incidents were either attributed to the forces outwith their control , which may well have been true , or else to the anger of the people which , again , may have been true but did not improve matters .
on the rare occasions when french and vietminh met and when local concessions might have helped at least to improve the atmosphere — for example the [free] of hostages taken by vietminh — the vietminh for their part denied all knowledge that any had been taken while violent incidents were either attributed to the forces outwith their control , which may well have been true , or else to the anger of the people which , again , may have been true but did not improve matters .

Others among them may form consistently unfortunate or unhappy heterosexual relationships without realising the true reason for their failures in this area ; for these , realisation of their homosexual needs and urges could be a step towards release from a heterosexual bondage .
others among them may form consistently unfortunate or unhappy heterosexual relationships without realising the true reason for their failures in this area ; for these , realisation of their homosexual needs and urges could be a step towards [free] from a heterosexual bondage .

Nixon now agreed to release some of the tapes ; but others remained `` missing `` and on one a vital section had been erased `` accidentally `` .
nixon now agreed to [free] some of the tapes ; but others remained `` missing `` and on one a vital section had been erased `` accidentally `` .

This mission failed when three troop-carrying helicopters crashed in a remote desert area of Iran , and the final release of the hostages did not take place until after the election of 1980 .
this mission failed when three troop-carrying helicopters crashed in a remote desert area of iran , and the final [free] of the hostages did not take place until after the election of 1980 .

tell the same story as : [ 15 ] Lok saw the man draw the bow and release it .
tell the same story as : [ 15 ] lok saw the man draw the bow and [free] it .

The space you release can be used most profitably .
the space you [free] can be used most profitably .

Release any slack and improve your profit projections immediately .
[free] any slack and improve your profit projections immediately .

The solitude seemed like a release and a blessing .
the solitude seemed like a [free] and a blessing .

‘ Our correspondents write from long experience , ’ states a Gemini press release .
‘ our correspondents write from long experience , ’ states a gemini press [free] .

As well as this posh pedal thingie , Quickjoy also have a number of natty new joysticks poised for release — a good few of 'em looking pretty damn mean from the blurb sheets , too . the bumper bundle of review samples they were sending has n't reached us in time for this issue , though , so look out next month for further toe-tappin' details !
as well as this posh pedal thingie , quickjoy also have a number of natty new joysticks poised for [free] — a good few of 'em looking pretty damn mean from the blurb sheets , too . the bumper bundle of review samples they were sending has n't reached us in time for this issue , though , so look out next month for further toe-tappin' details !

To kick the ball , press and release the fire button .
to kick the ball , press and [free] the fire button .

Release the fire button before the joystick and the angle increases to 70 degrees , which is great for crosses .
[free] the fire button before the joystick and the angle increases to 70 degrees , which is great for crosses .

To head the ball , press and release the fire button .
to head the ball , press and [free] the fire button .

Blimey , the Apex lads win this award even though they did n't actually release a game in 1991 ! But they did work hard , did n't they ? !
blimey , the apex lads win this award even though they did n't actually [free] a game in 1991 ! but they did work hard , did n't they ? !

When is the 3.5-inch disk drive due for release ?
when is the 3.5-inch disk drive due for [free] ?

The old Moscow publishers Iskusstvo managed to release just one book last year , and having exhausted its resources , it was forced to suspend publication of the journal Iskusstvo , which has been coming out for a number of decades .
the old moscow publishers iskusstvo managed to [free] just one book last year , and having exhausted its resources , it was forced to suspend publication of the journal iskusstvo , which has been coming out for a number of decades .

The release took the form of prankish behaviour with a sexual bias , accompanied by heavy drinking and eating .
the [free] took the form of prankish behaviour with a sexual bias , accompanied by heavy drinking and eating .

Could a private citizen obtain a court order to prevent post office workers boycotting mail to South Africa ? Could the Greater London Council lawfully cut tube fares ? Could a taxi driver be deprived of his licence to operate at Heathrow because of misconduct , without being given a chance to put his side of the story ? Could the Secretary of State for Education force a local authority to go ahead with its predecessor council 's plan to ‘ comprehensivize ’ schools in its area ? Could parents force a local authority to keep schools open during a strike of ancillary workers ? When is the Home Office entitled to change policy guidelines concerning the release of prisoners on licence or the admission to Britain of immigrant children wanted for adoption here ? Could the government ban union membership amongst civil servants working at its intelligence headquarters without consulting union leaders ? Could Spanish owners of fishing vessels force the government to allow the vessels to fish in British waters pending a decision as to whether they were entitled to do so under European Community law ? Could campaigners for the preservation of the remains of Shakespeare 's Rose theatre challenge a decision to register the remains as a national monument ? Could the government lawfully ban transmission of the voices of members of terrorist organizations ?
could a private citizen obtain a court order to prevent post office workers boycotting mail to south africa ? could the greater london council lawfully cut tube fares ? could a taxi driver be deprived of his licence to operate at heathrow because of misconduct , without being given a chance to put his side of the story ? could the secretary of state for education force a local authority to go ahead with its predecessor council 's plan to ‘ comprehensivize ’ schools in its area ? could parents force a local authority to keep schools open during a strike of ancillary workers ? when is the home office entitled to change policy guidelines concerning the [free] of prisoners on licence or the admission to britain of immigrant children wanted for adoption here ? could the government ban union membership amongst civil servants working at its intelligence headquarters without consulting union leaders ? could spanish owners of fishing vessels force the government to allow the vessels to fish in british waters pending a decision as to whether they were entitled to do so under european community law ? could campaigners for the preservation of the remains of shakespeare 's rose theatre challenge a decision to register the remains as a national monument ? could the government lawfully ban transmission of the voices of members of terrorist organizations ?

His seeming determination to be confused with the distinguished British artist is evident in the recent press release advertising an exhibition of his work in which he refers to his emphasis on non-commissioned portrait drawings which ‘ entail months , even years , of work with the sitter , while very little peripheral material such as smaller studies , sculpture , and etchings is allowed to emerge from the studio ’ .
his seeming determination to be confused with the distinguished british artist is evident in the recent press [free] advertising an exhibition of his work in which he refers to his emphasis on non-commissioned portrait drawings which ‘ entail months , even years , of work with the sitter , while very little peripheral material such as smaller studies , sculpture , and etchings is allowed to emerge from the studio ’ .

Critics of the deal , which was worked out at ministerial level , say that it would have been more sensible to spend the money on rebuilding the Villahermosa Palace to be an annexe for the nearby Prado , which is urgently in need of more space , as well as the kind of modern facilities which have ‘ put the Villahermosa among the ranks of intelligent buildings and the top museums of the Nineties ’ , as the press release boasts .
critics of the deal , which was worked out at ministerial level , say that it would have been more sensible to spend the money on rebuilding the villahermosa palace to be an annexe for the nearby prado , which is urgently in need of more space , as well as the kind of modern facilities which have ‘ put the villahermosa among the ranks of intelligent buildings and the top museums of the nineties ’ , as the press [free] boasts .

Are there any activities or hobbies that the client would use as distractor to release energy and tension ?
are there any activities or hobbies that the client would use as distractor to [free] energy and tension ?

Rather what happens is that a reflex reaction takes place whereby a signal is sent to the adrenal gland to release the chemical adrenalin into the blood stream .
rather what happens is that a reflex reaction takes place whereby a signal is sent to the adrenal gland to [free] the chemical adrenalin into the blood stream .

The caveman 's body may release all waste products , this immediately makes the body feel lighter and assists the caveman to run more quickly .
the caveman 's body may [free] all waste products , this immediately makes the body feel lighter and assists the caveman to run more quickly .

By learning to produce muscular tension through tensing exercises and then releasing this tension , you will gradually find it is possible to release the physical tension from everyday stress in the same way , letting go .
by learning to produce muscular tension through tensing exercises and then releasing this tension , you will gradually find it is possible to [free] the physical tension from everyday stress in the same way , letting go .

Hold each tensing exercise for approximately five seconds then release the tension immediately not gradually .
hold each tensing exercise for approximately five seconds then [free] the tension immediately not gradually .

Try to release some of the tension in the upper body .
try to [free] some of the tension in the upper body .

Thus if the plan is to send out a release on a new range of products the most useful sections can be immediately picked out of the list .
thus if the plan is to send out a [free] on a new range of products the most useful sections can be immediately picked out of the list .

The most newsworthy and well-written release will not achieve any coverage if it is sent to the wrong outlet .
the most newsworthy and well-written [free] will not achieve any coverage if it is sent to the wrong outlet .

Media release delivery services
media [free] delivery services

All these agencies make sending out mailings much easier but they can be very expensive , and unless you give very precise and detailed instructions about which journalists in each category of the media should receive the release you may still be sending to media which can not use the story .
all these agencies make sending out mailings much easier but they can be very expensive , and unless you give very precise and detailed instructions about which journalists in each category of the media should receive the [free] you may still be sending to media which can not use the story .

5 Alternatively check on the services of outside media release distribution houses .
5 alternatively check on the services of outside media [free] distribution houses .

The media or press release is one of the basic communication tools of any media relations programme .
the media or press [free] is one of the basic communication tools of any media relations programme .

In an ideal world each news outlet would receive a release tailored to its particular needs , and indeed this is sometimes possible .
in an ideal world each news outlet would receive a [free] tailored to its particular needs , and indeed this is sometimes possible .

Where appropriate , photo graphs illustrating the content of the release will also be needed ; unless it is purely a photo-story these must be captioned separately to the release .
where appropriate , photo graphs illustrating the content of the [free] will also be needed ; unless it is purely a photo-story these must be captioned separately to the [free] .

How to write a good release
how to write a good [free]

Whatever the subject of the release there are a number of simple questions to which the editor or journalist needs to have the answers . They are :
whatever the subject of the [free] there are a number of simple questions to which the editor or journalist needs to have the answers . they are :

If at all possible , answer these questions in the first sentence of the release or at least in the first paragraph .
if at all possible , answer these questions in the first sentence of the [free] or at least in the first paragraph .

This method of constructing a release enables the editor to assess the importance of the story at a glance .
this method of constructing a [free] enables the editor to assess the importance of the story at a glance .

Here is a sample release , which refers to an event to launch a government sponsored industrial development scheme .
here is a sample [free] , which refers to an event to launch a government sponsored industrial development scheme .

An analysis of this release shows that :
an analysis of this [free] shows that :

Obviously all these sections could be expanded more , but this short release gives the facts .
obviously all these sections could be expanded more , but this short [free] gives the facts .

In contrast here is a sample of the type of release which definitely not appreciated .
in contrast here is a sample of the type of [free] which definitely not appreciated .

This horror is only a slightly exaggerated version of a real release .
this horror is only a slightly exaggerated version of a real [free] .

Here is a slightly shorter but much more informative version of the same release :
here is a slightly shorter but much more informative version of the same [free] :

This is particularly important if the release is going out on telex .
this is particularly important if the [free] is going out on telex .

But even if it is n't , it is far better to start with a concise piece of information which can be built up into a bigger story if the circumstances are right than to send out a wordy release which is immediately discarded .
but even if it is n't , it is far better to start with a concise piece of information which can be built up into a bigger story if the circumstances are right than to send out a wordy [free] which is immediately discarded .

The headline for your release must seize the attention , which probably means that it should be short .
the headline for your [free] must seize the attention , which probably means that it should be short .

But if possible it should also be a summary , in miniature , of the information you are trying to convey in the release .
but if possible it should also be a summary , in miniature , of the information you are trying to convey in the [free] .

Of course particular media may have different requirements , but on the whole the basic release as outlined above will be suitable for most of them .
of course particular media may have different requirements , but on the whole the basic [free] as outlined above will be suitable for most of them .

The basic release is useful but it is basic .
the basic [free] is useful but it is basic .

If time and budget are limited the release may have to do everything and indeed it can be usefully sent to all the media which might be interested in the story .
if time and budget are limited the [free] may have to do everything and indeed it can be usefully sent to all the media which might be interested in the story .

But it is much more satisfactory to angle the basic release to suit the readership or audiences of the various media groups .
but it is much more satisfactory to angle the basic [free] to suit the readership or audiences of the various media groups .

It is quite easy to do this by rearranging the who , what , when , where and why elements of the release and giving more emphasis to some of them than others .
it is quite easy to do this by rearranging the who , what , when , where and why elements of the [free] and giving more emphasis to some of them than others .

This is a good start , but there will still be quite considerable differences within the remaining group and it is worth checking to see if you can usefully angle your basic release to fit at least some of these requirements .
this is a good start , but there will still be quite considerable differences within the remaining group and it is worth checking to see if you can usefully angle your basic [free] to fit at least some of these requirements .

The subject matter and the medium towards which the release is aimed are perhaps the two most important as to think about .
the subject matter and the medium towards which the [free] is aimed are perhaps the two most important as to think about .

Another common complaint from editors is about the release which gives the impression , perhaps without actually saying so , that the product or service is a new one .
another common complaint from editors is about the [free] which gives the impression , perhaps without actually saying so , that the product or service is a new one .

Provided that the main release is concise and to the point , editors are usually quite happy to receive background material which is relevant to the interests of their readerships .
provided that the main [free] is concise and to the point , editors are usually quite happy to receive background material which is relevant to the interests of their readerships .

Background material for the Development Zone release outlined earlier might include the full text of the minister 's speech , the government leaflet setting out details of the Development Zone scheme , a complete list the benefits to be gained by businesses from setting in Tadchester , and a list of addresses of relevant officials within the local council , the New Towns Commission and Tadchester Industrial Development Centre 0 might be able to help industrialists to take the decision to move .
background material for the development zone [free] outlined earlier might include the full text of the minister 's speech , the government leaflet setting out details of the development zone scheme , a complete list the benefits to be gained by businesses from setting in tadchester , and a list of addresses of relevant officials within the local council , the new towns commission and tadchester industrial development centre 0 might be able to help industrialists to take the decision to move .

1 Is the release short and to the point ? If appropriate , develop important points in the back up material .
1 is the [free] short and to the point ? if appropriate , develop important points in the back up material .

3 Does the release answer the questions the editors will want to ask ?
3 does the [free] answer the questions the editors will want to ask ?

4 Is the release relevant to the readership of the media for which it is intended ?
4 is the [free] relevant to the readership of the media for which it is intended ?

Like releases , captions should be kept short and to the point and unless the picture is going out as a photo-story with no separate release , this means very short indeed .
like releases , captions should be kept short and to the point and unless the picture is going out as a photo-story with no separate [free] , this means very short indeed .

The mechanics of the release
the mechanics of the [free]

The paper for the release , its layout and the sign-off information can be almost as important as the release itself .
the paper for the [free] , its layout and the sign-off information can be almost as important as the [free] itself .

The good impression created by the writing of a first-class release will soon be dissipated if there is no contact for further information , no space for print marks or subbing and no indication that the release has ended and that there are no more continuation sheets .
the good impression created by the writing of a first-class [free] will soon be dissipated if there is no contact for further information , no space for print marks or subbing and no indication that the [free] has ended and that there are no more continuation sheets .

The quality of the paper is partially dictated by the fact that it must be suitable for the various duplication processes used to run off large numbers of the release .
the quality of the paper is partially dictated by the fact that it must be suitable for the various duplication processes used to run off large numbers of the [free] .

The letter heading on the paper should be easy to read and should carry identification of the company issuing the release , together with its address , telephone and telex numbers .
the letter heading on the paper should be easy to read and should carry identification of the company issuing the [free] , together with its address , telephone and telex numbers .

It is extremely important to give full details of the people who can be contacted for further information , and this , of course , is in addition to the company or organisation 's name and address printed on the release paper . Details of relevant contacts are usually typed on the last page of the release as follows :
it is extremely important to give full details of the people who can be contacted for further information , and this , of course , is in addition to the company or organisation 's name and address printed on the [free] paper . details of relevant contacts are usually typed on the last page of the [free] as follows :

The release must be set out in such a way that it is easy for the journalist to use it .
the [free] must be set out in such a way that it is easy for the journalist to use it .

Underlining : Never underline in a release as this is a printing instruction to set in italics .
underlining : never underline in a [free] as this is a printing instruction to set in italics .

The words " for immediate release " are superfluous . Why else did you send the release out ?
the words " for immediate [free] " are superfluous . why else did you send the [free] out ?

The strategy of the release
the strategy of the [free]

Something happens within the company and the decision is taken to send out a release .
something happens within the company and the decision is taken to send out a [free] .

Is the release really necessary ?
is the [free] really necessary ?

Ideally PROs should check every name on the complete list and take a decision on whether or not each person will really be interested in the release .
ideally pros should check every name on the complete list and take a decision on whether or not each person will really be interested in the [free] .

The content of the release
the content of the [free]

Does the release need to be angled differently for the different sections of the list ? Or will it be sufficient to include background material as appropriate ?
does the [free] need to be angled differently for the different sections of the list ? or will it be sufficient to include background material as appropriate ?

So do make sure that at least one of the contacts listed at the foot of the release is around to answer questions .
so do make sure that at least one of the contacts listed at the foot of the [free] is around to answer questions .

2 Answer the questions that the journalist will need to ask in the first paragraph of the release and develop the various points in order of importance .
2 answer the questions that the journalist will need to ask in the first paragraph of the [free] and develop the various points in order of importance .

5 Use specially designed release paper and lay out the release with regard to subbing requirements .
5 use specially designed [free] paper and lay out the [free] with regard to subbing requirements .

6 Make sure that at least one and preferably two contact names are given at the foot of the release and the caption together with phone numbers for both day and night .
6 make sure that at least one and preferably two contact names are given at the foot of the [free] and the caption together with phone numbers for both day and night .

This can be expensive and if a large mailing is going to regional newspapers , for example , it may be more sensible to reproduce one or two pictures on the release and invite editors to request prints , or simply state that photographs are available on demand .
this can be expensive and if a large mailing is going to regional newspapers , for example , it may be more sensible to reproduce one or two pictures on the [free] and invite editors to request prints , or simply state that photographs are available on demand .

Offer photographs to other publications by phone or by stating on the release that photographs are available on request .
offer photographs to other publications by phone or by stating on the [free] that photographs are available on request .

When stressed , we release cortisone into the body and this increases the appetite .
when stressed , we [free] cortisone into the body and this increases the appetite .

pasta , release energy over a longer period of time .
pasta , [free] energy over a longer period of time .

Among many nomadic and tribal peoples it was often the only medium of creative release , and even in the more sophisticated cultures of Persia , China and Ottoman Turkey , weaving has always ranked alongside painting , architecture , sculpture and ceramics as a valid and celebrated visual art .
among many nomadic and tribal peoples it was often the only medium of creative [free] , and even in the more sophisticated cultures of persia , china and ottoman turkey , weaving has always ranked alongside painting , architecture , sculpture and ceramics as a valid and celebrated visual art .

It is not the release of a hidden or blocked essence that should be the target of sexual radicalism , he suggests , but conscious intervention at the level of the definition of appropriate sexual behaviour .
it is not the [free] of a hidden or blocked essence that should be the target of sexual radicalism , he suggests , but conscious intervention at the level of the definition of appropriate sexual behaviour .

It defines us socially and morally ; its release or proper functioning can be a factor in health , energy , activity ; its frustration is a cause of ill health , social unorthodoxy , even madness .
it defines us socially and morally ; its [free] or proper functioning can be a factor in health , energy , activity ; its frustration is a cause of ill health , social unorthodoxy , even madness .

Devotees offer alms to monks and release small birds from cages in adoration .
devotees offer alms to monks and [free] small birds from cages in adoration .

Hypotension is another potentially harmful side-effect of morphine , due to the release of histamine which causes peripheral vasodilatation .
hypotension is another potentially harmful side-effect of morphine , due to the [free] of histamine which causes peripheral vasodilatation .

The low doses of morphine recommended in the protocol mean this effect is transient , while fentanyl does not precipitate the release of histamine .
the low doses of morphine recommended in the protocol mean this effect is transient , while fentanyl does not precipitate the [free] of histamine .

If the story is newsworthy enough a newspaper or radio station will use it , however dull and uninteresting the press release .
if the story is newsworthy enough a newspaper or radio station will use it , however dull and uninteresting the press [free] .

You can not guarantee that an editor will read to the end of a press release .
you can not guarantee that an editor will read to the end of a press [free] .

The art of a good press release is to excite the editor 's interest with the first sentence .
the art of a good press [free] is to excite the editor 's interest with the first sentence .

Writing a press release
writing a press [free]

You should follow this convention in writing a press release .
you should follow this convention in writing a press [free] .

Your release may be 600 words but , if the editor can only print a story of 400 , the easiest means of editing is to cut the last part of the story .
your [free] may be 600 words but , if the editor can only print a story of 400 , the easiest means of editing is to cut the last part of the story .

You should , of course , present the press release properly .
you should , of course , present the press [free] properly .

Sending appropriate photographs can help the press release 's chances of being published although , if a picture helps the telling of the story , the newspaper will usually prefer to have its own photographer take pictures .
sending appropriate photographs can help the press [free] 's chances of being published although , if a picture helps the telling of the story , the newspaper will usually prefer to have its own photographer take pictures .

Figure 8 shows what a press release might look like .
figure 8 shows what a press [free] might look like .

Activity : Designing a press release Would you like to see your group 's name in the local paper ? If so , why not draft a press release and send it to the local press describing their achievements ? There must be a great deal which you are involved in which will be of interest to the general public .
activity : designing a press [free] would you like to see your group 's name in the local paper ? if so , why not draft a press [free] and send it to the local press describing their achievements ? there must be a great deal which you are involved in which will be of interest to the general public .

Surely , if the earth were moving , an object dropped from a tower would no longer hit the ground immediately beneath the point of release .
surely , if the earth were moving , an object dropped from a tower would no longer hit the ground immediately beneath the point of [free] .

the release on licence of offenders sentenced to life imprisonment , and the grant of parole to those serving determinate sentences ( both on the advice of the Parole Board ) ;
the [free] on licence of offenders sentenced to life imprisonment , and the grant of parole to those serving determinate sentences ( both on the advice of the parole board ) ;

It has led to changes in the law relating to the continued confinement of restricted mental patients ; the release of discretionary life sentence prisoners ; , and regulations on the marriage of prisoners , their correspondence , and access to lawyers .
it has led to changes in the law relating to the continued confinement of restricted mental patients ; the [free] of discretionary life sentence prisoners ; , and regulations on the marriage of prisoners , their correspondence , and access to lawyers .

There are some reprieved murderers whom it is right to release on licence after very short periods of imprisonment ( for example , a mother who kills an imbecile child from merciful motives ) , and it would be undesirable in such cases for a court publicly to pass a sentence of imprisonment for a few months or for a year or two , and thereby to create the impression that the taking of human life may in certain circumstances be no graver a crime than theft .
there are some reprieved murderers whom it is right to [free] on licence after very short periods of imprisonment ( for example , a mother who kills an imbecile child from merciful motives ) , and it would be undesirable in such cases for a court publicly to pass a sentence of imprisonment for a few months or for a year or two , and thereby to create the impression that the taking of human life may in certain circumstances be no graver a crime than theft .

For purposes of prison administration it is essential that the cases where the prisoner is never released should be exceptional and that there should be maintained amongst those serving life sentences a general hope of release and consequent incentive to good behaviour .
for purposes of prison administration it is essential that the cases where the prisoner is never released should be exceptional and that there should be maintained amongst those serving life sentences a general hope of [free] and consequent incentive to good behaviour .

Other countries have used systems of this kind with success and the Government have concluded that the time has come to ask for powers to adopt a system of early release on licence in this country .
other countries have used systems of this kind with success and the government have concluded that the time has come to ask for powers to adopt a system of early [free] on licence in this country .

Whilst the provisions authorizing the early release on parole of prisoners under supervision and subject to recall had been generally welcomed in Parliament , as was the power to suspend sentences , two items provoked controversy .
whilst the provisions authorizing the early [free] on parole of prisoners under supervision and subject to recall had been generally welcomed in parliament , as was the power to suspend sentences , two items provoked controversy .

It was the concept of parole , originally at the discretion of the Home Secretary , but amended in the course of the passage of the legislation through Parliament so that he could grant early release on licence to a prisoner only if advised to do so by a statutory Parole Board , that commanded the keenest interest of penal reformers and had the most extensive effects .
it was the concept of parole , originally at the discretion of the home secretary , but amended in the course of the passage of the legislation through parliament so that he could grant early [free] on licence to a prisoner only if advised to do so by a statutory parole board , that commanded the keenest interest of penal reformers and had the most extensive effects .

The early release of prisoners serving long sentences of determinate duration was supported , although in the same way as the Longford report to the Labour Party eighteen months before , the policy group added a proviso that the Home Secretary should in all cases consult an advisory body before doing so .
the early [free] of prisoners serving long sentences of determinate duration was supported , although in the same way as the longford report to the labour party eighteen months before , the policy group added a proviso that the home secretary should in all cases consult an advisory body before doing so .

In November 1988 the Carlisle Committee 's review of the parole system found the partly suspended sentence to be ‘ wholly incompatible ’ with the scheme proposed for conditional release in the future , and recommended its abolition .
in november 1988 the carlisle committee 's review of the parole system found the partly suspended sentence to be ‘ wholly incompatible ’ with the scheme proposed for conditional [free] in the future , and recommended its abolition .

By mid-1982 , when Kenya 's reserves were barely sufficient to cover a month 's imports , plans to get rid of complex and arbitrary quantitative import controls came to a halt , ‘ because the Central Bank was unable to authorise release of foreign exchange [ needed ] for licences issued ’ ( Commonwealth Secretariat , 1985 ) .
by mid-1982 , when kenya 's reserves were barely sufficient to cover a month 's imports , plans to get rid of complex and arbitrary quantitative import controls came to a halt , ‘ because the central bank was unable to authorise [free] of foreign exchange [ needed ] for licences issued ’ ( commonwealth secretariat , 1985 ) .

The suggestion had been made that the house be sold to release Mrs Brockett 's share . Not surprisingly , the daughter and her husband were less than thrilled at this and the further suggestion that they could rent their home back !
the suggestion had been made that the house be sold to [free] mrs brockett 's share . not surprisingly , the daughter and her husband were less than thrilled at this and the further suggestion that they could rent their home back !

Why is it that there is such total myopia in business about the things that lead to the release of human energy and talent ? Why is it that we can look at organizations which we ourselves have worked in for most of our lives , where we have complained bitterly , where over drinks with our colleagues or at the Christmas pantomime or some other time we have given vent to our irritation at these bad organizational and behavioural characteristics ; and yet when we reach high positions in companies we consider them to be something which is beyond our capability to influence ? It is almost as though bad organizations are self-created Frankenstein monsters beyond the control or influence of leaders .
why is it that there is such total myopia in business about the things that lead to the [free] of human energy and talent ? why is it that we can look at organizations which we ourselves have worked in for most of our lives , where we have complained bitterly , where over drinks with our colleagues or at the christmas pantomime or some other time we have given vent to our irritation at these bad organizational and behavioural characteristics ; and yet when we reach high positions in companies we consider them to be something which is beyond our capability to influence ? it is almost as though bad organizations are self-created frankenstein monsters beyond the control or influence of leaders .

6 p. m. release
6 p. m. [free]

This type of guarantee will reverse the 6 p.m. release procedure and is useful for overseas travellers whose times of arrival are governed by their air , sea or rail travel arrangements .
this type of guarantee will reverse the 6 p.m. [free] procedure and is useful for overseas travellers whose times of arrival are governed by their air , sea or rail travel arrangements .

6 p.m. release ;
6 p.m. [free] ;

Many large business houses have a regular room allocation with hotels which can be placed on release after a certain time lapse if not required .
many large business houses have a regular room allocation with hotels which can be placed on [free] after a certain time lapse if not required .

Three practices had employed an extra member of staff either during the first year or at the beginning of the second to work specifically on fundholding duties or to release the practice manager to do this .
three practices had employed an extra member of staff either during the first year or at the beginning of the second to work specifically on fundholding duties or to [free] the practice manager to do this .

If we allow for the expectations of individuals and the values ( valency ) they place on certain outcomes or rewards , then we can propose that the degree to which they will release energy in the pursuit of their goals is a function of their expectations about likely outcomes and the importance they place on those outcomes or rewards :
if we allow for the expectations of individuals and the values ( valency ) they place on certain outcomes or rewards , then we can propose that the degree to which they will [free] energy in the pursuit of their goals is a function of their expectations about likely outcomes and the importance they place on those outcomes or rewards :

The energy release of the early to mid-thirties is reinforced by the expectations of further children , by demands for possessions and by promises of more autonomy , power , recognition and money from the employer .
the energy [free] of the early to mid-thirties is reinforced by the expectations of further children , by demands for possessions and by promises of more autonomy , power , recognition and money from the employer .

Most families tolerate and encourage the release of conflict whereby irritators are released through crying or yelling or confronting in other ways .
most families tolerate and encourage the [free] of conflict whereby irritators are released through crying or yelling or confronting in other ways .

In Chapters 1 and 2 we looked at how individuals relate to the world to release energy , to satisfy goals and to attain rewards .
in chapters 1 and 2 we looked at how individuals relate to the world to [free] energy , to satisfy goals and to attain rewards .

The release and/or the withholding of information provides an extremely strong power base .
the [free] and/or the withholding of information provides an extremely strong power base .

Provide for catharsis — release of interdepartmental or interpersonal conflicts of long standing . Conversely , if conflict is destructive , it may :
provide for catharsis — [free] of interdepartmental or interpersonal conflicts of long standing . conversely , if conflict is destructive , it may :

The release of tension in organizations is probably one of the most neglected areas of research .
the [free] of tension in organizations is probably one of the most neglected areas of research .

All societies have social mechanisms for the release of tension , such as religious meetings , festivals and rituals .
all societies have social mechanisms for the [free] of tension , such as religious meetings , festivals and rituals .

Work organizations are only now beginning to appreciate the need for tension release , for creating regular opportunities to ‘ let it all out ’ at seminars , dinners , training courses , rituals , ceremonies , etc .
work organizations are only now beginning to appreciate the need for tension [free] , for creating regular opportunities to ‘ let it all out ’ at seminars , dinners , training courses , rituals , ceremonies , etc .

Other factors , such as the task , the location of the meeting , the seating plan , the leadership roles and status hierarchies , are all influential in triggering or blocking the release of differences .
other factors , such as the task , the location of the meeting , the seating plan , the leadership roles and status hierarchies , are all influential in triggering or blocking the [free] of differences .

Ensuring informed patient consent to release of information to third parties is obtained is important for service research .
ensuring informed patient consent to [free] of information to third parties is obtained is important for service research .

Implement in Release : if relevant , the software release in which the change will be implemented
implement in [free] : if relevant , the software [free] in which the change will be implemented

Implement in release :
implement in [free] :

’ In response , Congress , in the 1974 Act , included provisions requiring the president to report impoundments to the legislature , making it possible for either the House or the Senate to compel the release of impounded funds , and obliging the executive to spend them in accordance with legislative intent .
’ in response , congress , in the 1974 act , included provisions requiring the president to report impoundments to the legislature , making it possible for either the house or the senate to compel the [free] of impounded funds , and obliging the executive to spend them in accordance with legislative intent .

The energy release is followed by an upflow of plasma from the chromosphere .
the energy [free] is followed by an upflow of plasma from the chromosphere .

The three endothelins are highly active peptides — they are the most potent in constructing blood vessels and raising blood pressure , but may also influence such activities a neurotransmitter release , maintenance of electrolyte balance , cell proliferation and hormone production .
the three endothelins are highly active peptides — they are the most potent in constructing blood vessels and raising blood pressure , but may also influence such activities a neurotransmitter [free] , maintenance of electrolyte balance , cell proliferation and hormone production .

It is now evident in increasingly complex systems , such as the dog kidney ( ) or even in the human hand ( ) , that the release of these mediators modulates the actions of endothelin .
it is now evident in increasingly complex systems , such as the dog kidney ( ) or even in the human hand ( ) , that the [free] of these mediators modulates the actions of endothelin .

This is particularly relevant in the cases of slow release preparations such as theophylline and of drugs that are absorbed slowly because they decrease gastric motility ( for example , tricyclic antidepressants ) .
this is particularly relevant in the cases of slow [free] preparations such as theophylline and of drugs that are absorbed slowly because they decrease gastric motility ( for example , tricyclic antidepressants ) .

As the count of Roucy journeyed to Rome , he fell into a trap laid by Falco , count of Burgundy , who demanded , as the price of his release , his daughter 's hand in marriage .
as the count of roucy journeyed to rome , he fell into a trap laid by falco , count of burgundy , who demanded , as the price of his [free] , his daughter 's hand in marriage .

It is an essential part of the input process that text must be subject to validation before its release for editing .
it is an essential part of the input process that text must be subject to validation before its [free] for editing .

It is at this point that he starts selling his clients out of as much stock as possible , so as to release their capital for the investment propositions he will offer them in his next post .
it is at this point that he starts selling his clients out of as much stock as possible , so as to [free] their capital for the investment propositions he will offer them in his next post .

In 1978 members of the Committee staged their first hunger strike , followed by a three-month occupation of the Red Cross offices in San Salvador to demand the release of all political prisoners .
in 1978 members of the committee staged their first hunger strike , followed by a three-month occupation of the red cross offices in san salvador to demand the [free] of all political prisoners .

And recently in April , when two young girls from one of the refugee camps in San Salvador were captured , we put their names across on the programme every day until they were eventually transferred from a secret prison to the Women 's prison , We regard it as a triumph to have got them into a public prison , although they are minors , and now we are demanding their release , of course we exhaust all the legal channels as well but these days we just think of it as a formality , There have been occasions when we have presented a Habeas Corpus petition to the Supreme Court of Justice and the official concerned has simply torn the paper up in front of us and told us to get out .
and recently in april , when two young girls from one of the refugee camps in san salvador were captured , we put their names across on the programme every day until they were eventually transferred from a secret prison to the women 's prison , we regard it as a triumph to have got them into a public prison , although they are minors , and now we are demanding their [free] , of course we exhaust all the legal channels as well but these days we just think of it as a formality , there have been occasions when we have presented a habeas corpus petition to the supreme court of justice and the official concerned has simply torn the paper up in front of us and told us to get out .

In many orders of insects , each transverse nerve is also connected in various ways with the so-called perisympathetic system , consisting of neurohaemal organs that release the products of neurosecretory cells in the ventral ganglia ( Raabe , 2972 ) .
in many orders of insects , each transverse nerve is also connected in various ways with the so-called perisympathetic system , consisting of neurohaemal organs that [free] the products of neurosecretory cells in the ventral ganglia ( raabe , 2972 ) .

He possessed the gift of being able to release in individuals their potential for being more sensitive towards the feelings of others and was able to generate a spirit of loving care : such a vital pre-requisite for creativity , personal growth and self-confidence .
he possessed the gift of being able to [free] in individuals their potential for being more sensitive towards the feelings of others and was able to generate a spirit of loving care : such a vital pre-requisite for creativity , personal growth and self-confidence .

( d ) Some questions asked by the Government 's own back benchers are " planted " by the Minister to enable him to release information .
( d ) some questions asked by the government 's own back benchers are " planted " by the minister to enable him to [free] information .

( c ) If the suspect is not charged the custody officer may be required to release him .
( c ) if the suspect is not charged the custody officer may be required to [free] him .

It seems likely that our dreams are attempts to make sense of experiences which are vivid but inconsequential ( as suggested by John Hughlings Jackson in his Perceptual Release Theory ) and this will be dealt with later in the chapter .
it seems likely that our dreams are attempts to make sense of experiences which are vivid but inconsequential ( as suggested by john hughlings jackson in his perceptual [free] theory ) and this will be dealt with later in the chapter .

One explanation of how random entoptic discharges and after-images are constructed into fully developed perceptions — the Perceptual Release Theory — was first proposed by the neurologist John Hughlings Jackson and later developed as a general theory to account for hallucinations and dreams .
one explanation of how random entoptic discharges and after-images are constructed into fully developed perceptions — the perceptual [free] theory — was first proposed by the neurologist john hughlings jackson and later developed as a general theory to account for hallucinations and dreams .

Like John Hughlings Jackson , with his Perceptual Release Theory discussed in the context of hypnagogic hallucinations , they argue that dreaming is the outcome of the cortical integration of sensory inputs over which it has no control .
like john hughlings jackson , with his perceptual [free] theory discussed in the context of hypnagogic hallucinations , they argue that dreaming is the outcome of the cortical integration of sensory inputs over which it has no control .

On the other hand , banging out a press release and sending it to absolutely everyone is a waste of time .
on the other hand , banging out a press [free] and sending it to absolutely everyone is a waste of time .

Yet , you may well be doing just that when you write one press release for the former magazine and another on the same subject for the latter because both publications are on your public relations media schedule as targets .
yet , you may well be doing just that when you write one press [free] for the former magazine and another on the same subject for the latter because both publications are on your public relations media schedule as targets .

The Language Master Machines can release the teacher for valuable contact time .
the language master machines can [free] the teacher for valuable contact time .

They release the teacher for other work by giving the pupil something which he can operate himself without having to have the teacher there ; and they can also enliven the teaching of otherwise difficult topics .
they [free] the teacher for other work by giving the pupil something which he can operate himself without having to have the teacher there ; and they can also enliven the teaching of otherwise difficult topics .

Three cloakroom areas were turned into small classrooms to release the library from timetabling for subject lessons , a scheme was devised for staff supervision of the library at all times , and a system of parent volunteers was instituted to help the library assistant .
three cloakroom areas were turned into small classrooms to [free] the library from timetabling for subject lessons , a scheme was devised for staff supervision of the library at all times , and a system of parent volunteers was instituted to help the library assistant .

In Boston `` mentoring `` programmes exist where employers release a staff member on a regular basis over a period of months to work with potential `` drop outs `` to win their commitment .
in boston `` mentoring `` programmes exist where employers [free] a staff member on a regular basis over a period of months to work with potential `` drop outs `` to win their commitment .

The point beyond Paddington Station chosen for the release of underground steam was in Bayswater , among the new terraces of five-storey houses then being built .
the point beyond paddington station chosen for the [free] of underground steam was in bayswater , among the new terraces of five-storey houses then being built .

Another example is the new release of all Rossini 's overtures by Marriner , again on Philips , with a previous single disc of selected overtures becoming redundant .
another example is the new [free] of all rossini 's overtures by marriner , again on philips , with a previous single disc of selected overtures becoming redundant .

In your April issue , Telarc ran an advertisement for our new release of Gilbert and Sullivan 's The Mikado in which we claimed that the recording was the ‘ first ever all-digital recording of Gilbert and Sullivan ’ .
in your april issue , telarc ran an advertisement for our new [free] of gilbert and sullivan 's the mikado in which we claimed that the recording was the ‘ first ever all-digital recording of gilbert and sullivan ’ .

The release this month by Philips of Mussorgsky 's Khovanshchina featuring the Kirov Opera company represents one of the more impressive examples of East-West collaboration in post-Soviet Russia .
the [free] this month by philips of mussorgsky 's khovanshchina featuring the kirov opera company represents one of the more impressive examples of east-west collaboration in post-soviet russia .

In addition , Pickwick plan to release Kaplan 's Adagietto this autumn as part of a compilation disc featuring all of Mahler 's adagio movements from the nine completed symphonies : the finale of the Third , the third movement of the Fourth , Kaplan 's Adagietto , and the finale of the Ninth .
in addition , pickwick plan to [free] kaplan 's adagietto this autumn as part of a compilation disc featuring all of mahler 's adagio movements from the nine completed symphonies : the finale of the third , the third movement of the fourth , kaplan 's adagietto , and the finale of the ninth .

The opera includes some lovely arias for the Beauty character , which Argo have recorded with soprano Jayne West ( who created the role in Houston ) , for release this summer .
the opera includes some lovely arias for the beauty character , which argo have recorded with soprano jayne west ( who created the role in houston ) , for [free] this summer .

Marriner gives it fire and a certain breadth , but tends to underplay the music 's toughness and sheer explosive force — again , the crucial offbeat accents are often too tame ( as in the wind and brass at 2′27″ff ) , while the lack of real impact from the timpani means that the moment of recapitulation ( 6′54″ ) does not provide the overwhelming release it can do .
marriner gives it fire and a certain breadth , but tends to underplay the music 's toughness and sheer explosive force — again , the crucial offbeat accents are often too tame ( as in the wind and brass at 2′27″ff ) , while the lack of real impact from the timpani means that the moment of recapitulation ( 6′54″ ) does not provide the overwhelming [free] it can do .

In spite of minor reservations this is a release which should be of interest both to specialists and lovers of the early baroque .
in spite of minor reservations this is a [free] which should be of interest both to specialists and lovers of the early baroque .

The group hope to release both a live and studio album shortly .
the group hope to [free] both a live and studio album shortly .

Ex-music journalist Nick Kelly and his band first came into the public eye in 1989 with the release of the excellent single ‘ Arclight ’ , which was voted Single of the Year in the 1989 Hot Press readers ' poll .
ex-music journalist nick kelly and his band first came into the public eye in 1989 with the [free] of the excellent single ‘ arclight ’ , which was voted single of the year in the 1989 hot press readers ' poll .

This year saw the release of their debut album ‘ Twist ’ which was received with much critical acclaim .
this year saw the [free] of their debut album ‘ twist ’ which was received with much critical acclaim .

Of the second wave of Irish films gearing up for release , only one has not been made by a British director .
of the second wave of irish films gearing up for [free] , only one has not been made by a british director .

It may seem superstitious , but it makes damned fine art , because the vision of release in salvation is so vividly nurtured in Christian history .
it may seem superstitious , but it makes damned fine art , because the vision of [free] in salvation is so vividly nurtured in christian history .

‘ Carribean Blue ’ takes you right outside the atmosphere , to a dream of release .
‘ carribean blue ’ takes you right outside the atmosphere , to a dream of [free] .

With the release of ‘ The Rehearsal ’ his ultra-modest hopes have been realised in the finest possible style , because with the obvious exception of Jimmy MacCarthy 's debut there has n't been a solo endeavour to touch this one , here in recent times .
with the [free] of ‘ the rehearsal ’ his ultra-modest hopes have been realised in the finest possible style , because with the obvious exception of jimmy maccarthy 's debut there has n't been a solo endeavour to touch this one , here in recent times .

And the good news was that we were told of a live album for release early next year that should capture the music more honestly than either of his two studio outings have managed to do so far .
and the good news was that we were told of a live album for [free] early next year that should capture the music more honestly than either of his two studio outings have managed to do so far .

The initial deal was for the release of two singles and a potential album deal which has yet to be finalised .
the initial deal was for the [free] of two singles and a potential album deal which has yet to be finalised .

5 When you want to stop the flow of sealant , release the trigger ( c ) and depress the clutch plate ( a )
5 when you want to stop the flow of sealant , [free] the trigger ( c ) and depress the clutch plate ( a )

It has sometimes held out the promise of release from grinding poverty ; or , for the moderately well-off , the prospect of a fairly agreeable way of life .
it has sometimes held out the promise of [free] from grinding poverty ; or , for the moderately well-off , the prospect of a fairly agreeable way of life .

Colonel Joshua Jebb , the powerful architect of the prison system , was also implicated in the conspiracy , accused of selecting only the burliest convicts for release on ‘ ticket-of-leave ’ ; and the well-fed convict feasting on turtle soup , rump steak , pudding and ale was another obvious target .
colonel joshua jebb , the powerful architect of the prison system , was also implicated in the conspiracy , accused of selecting only the burliest convicts for [free] on ‘ ticket-of-leave ’ ; and the well-fed convict feasting on turtle soup , rump steak , pudding and ale was another obvious target .

The issue which divided public opinion largely revolved around the ineffectiveness of the prison system and the ease with which convicts could bamboozle prison chaplains into believing that their characters had been reformed , thus securing their release on ‘ ticket-of-leave ’ , and there was little room fur the idea that the roots of crime might be found in social conditions .
the issue which divided public opinion largely revolved around the ineffectiveness of the prison system and the ease with which convicts could bamboozle prison chaplains into believing that their characters had been reformed , thus securing their [free] on ‘ ticket-of-leave ’ , and there was little room fur the idea that the roots of crime might be found in social conditions .

The Active Gel Network consists of very fine links which release under the pressure of application and then re-form , holding colour pigments , ultraviolet filters and oils on the surface and allowing the moisturising agents to penetrate .
the active gel network consists of very fine links which [free] under the pressure of application and then re-form , holding colour pigments , ultraviolet filters and oils on the surface and allowing the moisturising agents to penetrate .

The following young informant describes the importance of the three principal supports in his life since his release from prison : his family , his girlfriend and cannabis :
the following young informant describes the importance of the three principal supports in his life since his [free] from prison : his family , his girlfriend and cannabis :

The release of East Germany from the chains and barbed wire of communism heralded the beginnings of a new Europe .
the [free] of east germany from the chains and barbed wire of communism heralded the beginnings of a new europe .

No literature could have been better suited for the release of the subconscious .
no literature could have been better suited for the [free] of the subconscious .

When Faraway Moses , who was once Count St Sylvain and a Black Rider , is captured and imprisoned , Jasper the Terrible , who has made himself responsible for the boy in his own household , offers to release the man who has become like a father to Dick if he will reveal the names of the other Confederates .
when faraway moses , who was once count st sylvain and a black rider , is captured and imprisoned , jasper the terrible , who has made himself responsible for the boy in his own household , offers to [free] the man who has become like a father to dick if he will reveal the names of the other confederates .

It was a profound release of tension and in some hazy way gave her a sense of control over herself and a means of releasing the anger she felt .
it was a profound [free] of tension and in some hazy way gave her a sense of control over herself and a means of releasing the anger she felt .

‘ Yes sir . What about a press release ? ’
‘ yes sir . what about a press [free] ? ’

On his release all the doors seemed to close in his face .
on his [free] all the doors seemed to close in his face .

He glanced over his shoulder in time to see a guard , down on one knee , fumbling with the leash to release the straining animal .
he glanced over his shoulder in time to see a guard , down on one knee , fumbling with the leash to [free] the straining animal .

Carlton and Fischel argue that insider dealing may be a more cost effective way for the firm to release news to the markets .
carlton and fischel argue that insider dealing may be a more cost effective way for the firm to [free] news to the markets .

There are , however , problems associated with increased disclosure , some of which have already been outlined , namely : disclosure is costly ; inappropriate disclosure could destroy the value of the information to the company ; increased disclosure requirements could lead to incorrect or misleading information being released ; in the case of a financial conglomerate , employees who legitimately acquire confidential information from corporate clients , are unable , by virtue of the duty of confidence they owe to their client , to release the confidential news .
there are , however , problems associated with increased disclosure , some of which have already been outlined , namely : disclosure is costly ; inappropriate disclosure could destroy the value of the information to the company ; increased disclosure requirements could lead to incorrect or misleading information being released ; in the case of a financial conglomerate , employees who legitimately acquire confidential information from corporate clients , are unable , by virtue of the duty of confidence they owe to their client , to [free] the confidential news .

Trading is prohibited unless the relevant information and its source is publicly disclosed by press release or otherwise within a reasonable time period prior to any purchase or sale .
trading is prohibited unless the relevant information and its source is publicly disclosed by press [free] or otherwise within a reasonable time period prior to any purchase or sale .

At 40–45 % you can release the starter button and check that you have some engine oil pressure .
at 40–45 % you can [free] the starter button and check that you have some engine oil pressure .

Aromatherapy ( massage with fragrant essential oils ) is not only sybaritic experience but can ease tension , improve circulation and release accumulated tensions .
aromatherapy ( massage with fragrant essential oils ) is not only sybaritic experience but can ease tension , improve circulation and [free] accumulated tensions .

Otherwise , they are made from similar grapes , matured in the same sort of oak barrels and aged for just as long before release .
otherwise , they are made from similar grapes , matured in the same sort of oak barrels and aged for just as long before [free] .

The loss concerns pleasurable experience , which derives from the immediate release of a direct instinctual impulse .
the loss concerns pleasurable experience , which derives from the immediate [free] of a direct instinctual impulse .

In a festival , where the usual rules do not apply , there is a feeling of release , for the ego can more easily coincide with the ego ideal , for a short time at least .
in a festival , where the usual rules do not apply , there is a feeling of [free] , for the ego can more easily coincide with the ego ideal , for a short time at least .

The arrival of the Bosigran guide has provoked a complaint to the Climbers ' Club from local activist Rowland Edwards that a comment in the historical section , which claims he is unwilling to release information on his new routes , has misrepresented his position .
the arrival of the bosigran guide has provoked a complaint to the climbers ' club from local activist rowland edwards that a comment in the historical section , which claims he is unwilling to [free] information on his new routes , has misrepresented his position .

The announcement that some routes in the area , which is visited by over 2,000 climbers a year , are to be equipped for ‘ environmental ’ reasons came in a press release that effectively throws down the gauntlet to the sport 's governing body .
the announcement that some routes in the area , which is visited by over 2,000 climbers a year , are to be equipped for ‘ environmental ’ reasons came in a press [free] that effectively throws down the gauntlet to the sport 's governing body .

According to the release from Peter de Savary 's Land 's End Limited , the move was prompted by increasing concern over cliff-top erosion and a growing threat to climbers ' safety due to deteriorating in-situ protection and lack of regulatory control .
according to the [free] from peter de savary 's land 's end limited , the move was prompted by increasing concern over cliff-top erosion and a growing threat to climbers ' safety due to deteriorating in-situ protection and lack of regulatory control .

On May 27 , declares the press release for James Whitaker 's new book , ‘ a major news story is going to break concerning the marriage of the Prince and Princess of Wales . ’
on may 27 , declares the press [free] for james whitaker 's new book , ‘ a major news story is going to break concerning the marriage of the prince and princess of wales . ’

‘ The best-kept publishing secret of the year is set to become the best-seller of the decade , ’ declared that press release .
‘ the best-kept publishing secret of the year is set to become the best-seller of the decade , ’ declared that press [free] .

The ‘ doyen of the royal correspondents and chronicler of the lives of the royals for more than 25 years , ’ as his press release puts it , is billed by the Mirror as ‘ the man who really knows the royals .
the ‘ doyen of the royal correspondents and chronicler of the lives of the royals for more than 25 years , ’ as his press [free] puts it , is billed by the mirror as ‘ the man who really knows the royals .

The king , of course , was the chief prize of Poitiers , and Edward intended that the price of his release should be not only a substantial ransom but also a definitive peace with France : the gains of battle needed to be consolidated by a diplomatic success .
the king , of course , was the chief prize of poitiers , and edward intended that the price of his [free] should be not only a substantial ransom but also a definitive peace with france : the gains of battle needed to be consolidated by a diplomatic success .

The Liverpudlian writer is producing and directing an all-British film called Getaway due for cinema release next spring .
the liverpudlian writer is producing and directing an all-british film called getaway due for cinema [free] next spring .

The decision to continue follows what a joint press release from the two companies describes as ‘ fruitful talks ’ between the store and the bookseller .
the decision to continue follows what a joint press [free] from the two companies describes as ‘ fruitful talks ’ between the store and the bookseller .

The press release also pronounced Christmas trading to be ‘ excellent ’ , and said that both Waterstones and Harrods were now committed to a long and successful relationship .
the press [free] also pronounced christmas trading to be ‘ excellent ’ , and said that both waterstones and harrods were now committed to a long and successful relationship .

Assistant divisional officer Peter Thorpe said they were called to release the front seat passenger at 1.09pm .
assistant divisional officer peter thorpe said they were called to [free] the front seat passenger at 1.09pm .

He has three times had problems with his guards , putting back his release at least 45 days to May 1995 , after being sentenced to six years in 1991 for raping 19-year-old beauty pageant contestant Desiree Washington .
he has three times had problems with his guards , putting back his [free] at least 45 days to may 1995 , after being sentenced to six years in 1991 for raping 19-year-old beauty pageant contestant desiree washington .

Press Release
press [free]

It also saved the atmosphere from the release of 15 million tones of carbon dioxide , 20,000 tons of sulphur dioxide , 21,000 tons of nitrogen oxide , and 4000 tons of dust .
it also saved the atmosphere from the [free] of 15 million tones of carbon dioxide , 20,000 tons of sulphur dioxide , 21,000 tons of nitrogen oxide , and 4000 tons of dust .

a guarantee or deposit is required for your , or their release
a guarantee or deposit is required for your , or their [free]

a guarantee or deposit is needed for your , or their release
a guarantee or deposit is needed for your , or their [free]

a guarantee or deposit is needed for your , or their release
a guarantee or deposit is needed for your , or their [free]

a guarantee or deposit is needed for your , or their release
a guarantee or deposit is needed for your , or their [free]

a guarantee or deposit is needed for your , or their release
a guarantee or deposit is needed for your , or their [free]

However although many employers grant day release facilities , most of your preparation for the examinations will take place outside office hours .
however although many employers grant day [free] facilities , most of your preparation for the examinations will take place outside office hours .

contrast this with the case of cohen v shaw ( release 014 ) and a similar scottish case elliott v joicy ( 1935sc ( hl ) 57 ) both of which concerned a child in utero where it was decided that a child succeeds in a claim for injuries received .
contrast this with the case of cohen v shaw ( [free] 014 ) and a similar scottish case elliott v joicy ( 1935sc ( hl ) 57 ) both of which concerned a child in utero where it was decided that a child succeeds in a claim for injuries received .

( refer also to … release 35 , 1990 )
( refer also to … [free] 35 , 1990 )

In the event it proved possible to release some of these funds as the proportional receipt of subscriptions improved later in the year .
in the event it proved possible to [free] some of these funds as the proportional receipt of subscriptions improved later in the year .

You can be sure that your contribution , no matter how small , is part of a larger effort to bring about my early release , and every letter is a valuable and welcome addition to Julie 's campaign .
you can be sure that your contribution , no matter how small , is part of a larger effort to bring about my early [free] , and every letter is a valuable and welcome addition to julie 's campaign .

All these major brewing companies were required to release up to 50 per cent of the public houses they owned , in excess of 2,000 outlets .
all these major brewing companies were required to [free] up to 50 per cent of the public houses they owned , in excess of 2,000 outlets .

It 's our business 2 is due for release soon .
it 's our business 2 is due for [free] soon .

Women 's Committee Unit . News release
women 's committee unit . news [free]

He was aware of a slow feeling of triumph , a sense of release as if he had just won some physical competition ; without the fear there would n't have been this strange sense of excitement and content .
he was aware of a slow feeling of triumph , a sense of [free] as if he had just won some physical competition ; without the fear there would n't have been this strange sense of excitement and content .

With the spring came release .
with the spring came [free] .

Release the ghost from your bones .
[free] the ghost from your bones .

Release the life from your bones .
[free] the life from your bones .

Dreamer sang a shaman song , a chant of journeying , a celebration of release into the spirit world .
dreamer sang a shaman song , a chant of journeying , a celebration of [free] into the spirit world .

Brown severed the phone link as Mann continued to thank him for his release from detention .
brown severed the phone link as mann continued to thank him for his [free] from detention .

There is no welcome release here .
there is no welcome [free] here .

Release all your prisoners and come out with your hands up .
[free] all your prisoners and come out with your hands up .

Release your prisoners now and make it easy on yourselves .
[free] your prisoners now and make it easy on yourselves .

‘ We want you to release all your prisoners . ’
‘ we want you to [free] all your prisoners . ’

In a few days he would release him .
in a few days he would [free] him .

’ Furthermore , in his continued discussion of the problem in Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego he likens the manic state to festivals such as the Roman Saturnalia , ‘ which owe their cheerful character to the release which they bring ’ .
’ furthermore , in his continued discussion of the problem in group psychology and the analysis of the ego he likens the manic state to festivals such as the roman saturnalia , ‘ which owe their cheerful character to the [free] which they bring ’ .

We are currently working on the regulation of breathing , the control of movement , ion movements across heart , muscle and blood cell membranes , the developing nervous system , hormone release and lifetime changes in the reproductive system .
we are currently working on the regulation of breathing , the control of movement , ion movements across heart , muscle and blood cell membranes , the developing nervous system , hormone [free] and lifetime changes in the reproductive system .

‘ Our great founder laid down a rule in his will that anyone who went to prison would not have to pay his subscription during the time that he was unable to use the club premises , and that any unused portion of his subscription should be held over until his release .
‘ our great founder laid down a rule in his will that anyone who went to prison would not have to pay his subscription during the time that he was unable to use the club premises , and that any unused portion of his subscription should be held over until his [free] .

It was now over forty hours since the money had been handed over , but there had been no word of Ruggiero Miletti 's release .
it was now over forty hours since the money had been handed over , but there had been no word of ruggiero miletti 's [free] .

It occurred to Zen that while they were talking any incoming call announcing Ruggiero 's release would be blocked .
it occurred to zen that while they were talking any incoming call announcing ruggiero 's [free] would be blocked .

It had been this problem which had led to the complex arrangements for picking up Ruggiero on his release .
it had been this problem which had led to the complex arrangements for picking up ruggiero on his [free] .

‘ Come up , ’ Loretta called gaily , pressing the button to release the street door .
‘ come up , ’ loretta called gaily , pressing the button to [free] the street door .

Further , cervical cancer treatment will typically include radiotherapy , which will result in release of autoantigens and generation of autoantibodies that can cause background difficulties in various serological assays .
further , cervical cancer treatment will typically include radiotherapy , which will result in [free] of autoantigens and generation of autoantibodies that can cause background difficulties in various serological assays .

Postprandial gall bladder motility and hormone release during intermittent and continuous subcutaneous octreotide treatment in acromegaly
postprandial gall bladder motility and hormone [free] during intermittent and continuous subcutaneous octreotide treatment in acromegaly

In previous studies in the rat , we reproduced the intermittent duodenal acid exposure that occurs physiologically , and observed that pulses of acid entering the duodenum trigger a response of adaptive cytoprotection by the duodenal mucosa and stimulate the release of cytoprotective prostaglandins into the duodenal lumen .
in previous studies in the rat , we reproduced the intermittent duodenal acid exposure that occurs physiologically , and observed that pulses of acid entering the duodenum trigger a response of adaptive cytoprotection by the duodenal mucosa and stimulate the [free] of cytoprotective prostaglandins into the duodenal lumen .

Robert Moleyns , Lord Hungerford , captured at Castillon in 1453 , was valued for ransom at £6,000 , a sum inflated to almost £10,000 by the cost of his maintenance while a prisoner till his release in 1459 and by the charges of the merchants who negotiated the exchange of the money .
robert moleyns , lord hungerford , captured at castillon in 1453 , was valued for ransom at £6,000 , a sum inflated to almost £10,000 by the cost of his maintenance while a prisoner till his [free] in 1459 and by the charges of the merchants who negotiated the exchange of the money .

Death of amoebae within the lower respiratory tract would result in the release of large numbers of bacteria at a temperature that favours their rapid multiplication .
death of amoebae within the lower respiratory tract would result in the [free] of large numbers of bacteria at a temperature that favours their rapid multiplication .

* the contribution gained if the firm could release one more hour
* the contribution gained if the firm could [free] one more hour

* the maximum the firm would be willing to pay to release one more hour .
* the maximum the firm would be willing to pay to [free] one more hour .

He swung round , still with Emma in his arms , and not until he saw Peggy dash up the room and pick the long , steel poker from its rest on the brass open-work fender did he release her .
he swung round , still with emma in his arms , and not until he saw peggy dash up the room and pick the long , steel poker from its rest on the brass open-work fender did he [free] her .

Our results are the first to show , in vivo , that the release of neurotransmitter aminoacids occurs in the conscious human brain during seizures .
our results are the first to show , in vivo , that the [free] of neurotransmitter aminoacids occurs in the conscious human brain during seizures .

Rises in extracellular neurotransmitter concentration may indicate increased synaptic release but they may also depend on non-synaptic release or diminished or ‘ reversed ’ uptake .
rises in extracellular neurotransmitter concentration may indicate increased synaptic [free] but they may also depend on non-synaptic [free] or diminished or ‘ reversed ’ uptake .

Platelet and white cell activation are inhibited , as is the release of agents such as arachidonic acid metabolites , specifically thromboxane and cytokines such as interleukin-8 .
platelet and white cell activation are inhibited , as is the [free] of agents such as arachidonic acid metabolites , specifically thromboxane and cytokines such as interleukin-8 .

Tate left a number of finished canvases which had never been shown and Edwin decided to release them at the rate of one a year through Ismay Gorton 's , the London gallery which handles his work .
tate left a number of finished canvases which had never been shown and edwin decided to [free] them at the rate of one a year through ismay gorton 's , the london gallery which handles his work .

Only when Marcella had relaxed sufficiently to sit back in her chair and release her tight hold on the dog did he risk intervention : ‘ We came to talk about the Garlands . ’
only when marcella had relaxed sufficiently to sit back in her chair and [free] her tight hold on the dog did he risk intervention : ‘ we came to talk about the garlands . ’

Three visits from her husband had helped , perhaps ( the first in the small hours of the Sunday morning , two hours after his release from custody ) , but some slight complications had arisen with continued internal bleeding , and she had become deeply and embarrassingly conscious of how she must appear to everyone whenever she smiled .
three visits from her husband had helped , perhaps ( the first in the small hours of the sunday morning , two hours after his [free] from custody ) , but some slight complications had arisen with continued internal bleeding , and she had become deeply and embarrassingly conscious of how she must appear to everyone whenever she smiled .

Activity in the two days following Cedric Downes 's release had hardly afforded a model of investigative collaboration , with Morse sleeping through until the late afternoon of the Sunday , then idling away most of the Monday in his office , moodily perusing the documents in the case ; and with Lewis doing the converse , making what he felt had been a fairly significant contribution to the case on the Sunday afternoon , and then spending the whole of the Monday abed , where he had lain dead to the wideawake world , and where , even when Mrs Lewis had gently rocked his shoulder at 6.30 p.m. and quietly breathed the prospect of egg and chips into his ear , he had turned his head over into the pillow and blissfully resumed his slumbers .
activity in the two days following cedric downes 's [free] had hardly afforded a model of investigative collaboration , with morse sleeping through until the late afternoon of the sunday , then idling away most of the monday in his office , moodily perusing the documents in the case ; and with lewis doing the converse , making what he felt had been a fairly significant contribution to the case on the sunday afternoon , and then spending the whole of the monday abed , where he had lain dead to the wideawake world , and where , even when mrs lewis had gently rocked his shoulder at 6.30 p.m. and quietly breathed the prospect of egg and chips into his ear , he had turned his head over into the pillow and blissfully resumed his slumbers .

As the product can be released many times to different clients , on each release of the product to a specific client an Issue is created , to act as a cross-reference delineating the relationship between the product and the client .
as the product can be released many times to different clients , on each [free] of the product to a specific client an issue is created , to act as a cross-reference delineating the relationship between the product and the client .

If you logged the session into a file as described above , release the file now by typing :
if you logged the session into a file as described above , [free] the file now by typing :

Experimental release of a package .
experimental [free] of a package .

When the package is ready for release , a ‘ Product ’ is created to act as a meaningful and easily identified reference to the version of the package which is to be released .
when the package is ready for [free] , a ‘ product ’ is created to act as a meaningful and easily identified reference to the version of the package which is to be released .

On each release ( issue ) of the product to a specific client , a further reference called an Issue Identifier is created , which delineates the unique relationship between the product and the client .
on each [free] ( issue ) of the product to a specific client , a further reference called an issue identifier is created , which delineates the unique relationship between the product and the client .

The options under this index allow the manipulation of ‘ products ’ , packages of software which are intended for internal or external release to a ‘ client ’ .
the options under this index allow the manipulation of ‘ products ’ , packages of software which are intended for internal or external [free] to a ‘ client ’ .

As a product can be released many times to different clients , an Issue is created on each release of the product to a specific client .
as a product can be released many times to different clients , an issue is created on each [free] of the product to a specific client .

Latest offering to appear from the rapidly expanding Camden ‘ lurch ’ subculture , so named after a divvy dance , although it does n't quite live up the press release 's boast of being ‘ the last noise that will cause heavens to crack and earth to rip asunder ’ ( ! )
latest offering to appear from the rapidly expanding camden ‘ lurch ’ subculture , so named after a divvy dance , although it does n't quite live up the press [free] 's boast of being ‘ the last noise that will cause heavens to crack and earth to rip asunder ’ ( ! )

The Charlottes continue to improve with every release , and ‘ Liar ’ is blessed with a catchy tune underneath Graham 's customary sonic guitar booms .
the charlottes continue to improve with every [free] , and ‘ liar ’ is blessed with a catchy tune underneath graham 's customary sonic guitar booms .

The action potential stops at the synapse , but its arrival causes the release of a transmitter substance from the neuron which diffuses across the gap .
the action potential stops at the synapse , but its arrival causes the [free] of a transmitter substance from the neuron which diffuses across the gap .

The tap is then closed and the stopper placed back on the tube to prevent release or contamination of the air .
the tap is then closed and the stopper placed back on the tube to prevent [free] or contamination of the air .

Some neurones that release dopamine are involved in movement and their degeneration is the cause of Parkinson 's disease .
some neurones that [free] dopamine are involved in movement and their degeneration is the cause of parkinson 's disease .

Amphetamines release noradrenaline and serotonin .
amphetamines [free] noradrenaline and serotonin .

Venoms from snakes and spiders , such as the Taiwan banded Krait , cause the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine from the presynaptic vesicle , causing the loss of control and contraction of muscles .
venoms from snakes and spiders , such as the taiwan banded krait , cause the [free] of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine from the presynaptic vesicle , causing the loss of control and contraction of muscles .

Botulism toxin from bacteria prevents the release of acetylcholine and is the most poisonous substance known .
botulism toxin from bacteria prevents the [free] of acetylcholine and is the most poisonous substance known .

Alan McDonald , Industrial Engineer , after a two year ‘ day release course ’ at Stow College , Glasgow , and much home work , achieved good results in his finals for the Institute of Management Services .
alan mcdonald , industrial engineer , after a two year ‘ day [free] course ’ at stow college , glasgow , and much home work , achieved good results in his finals for the institute of management services .

The trials and convictions are particularly significant coinciding as they do with Botha 's release of one generation of political prisoners , such as Govan Mbeki , Zephania Mothopeng and Harry Gwala , and amid speculations about the release of Nelson Mandela .
the trials and convictions are particularly significant coinciding as they do with botha 's [free] of one generation of political prisoners , such as govan mbeki , zephania mothopeng and harry gwala , and amid speculations about the [free] of nelson mandela .

The unconditional release of all South African political prisoners , including those on trial , those in detention and those on death row .
the unconditional [free] of all south african political prisoners , including those on trial , those in detention and those on death row .

As their health deteriorated and many were hospitalised , the Minister of Law and Order promised to release ’ a substantial number ’ within a fortnight .
as their health deteriorated and many were hospitalised , the minister of law and order promised to [free] ’ a substantial number ’ within a fortnight .

Detainees in Nylstroom said they had been offered their release on the condition that they agreed to become police informers .
detainees in nylstroom said they had been offered their [free] on the condition that they agreed to become police informers .

Hunger strikes by detainees have been a feature of emergency rule in South Africa since 1985 when 30 women and 2 men at Pollsmoor Prison demanded unconditional release and access to lawyers .
hunger strikes by detainees have been a feature of emergency rule in south africa since 1985 when 30 women and 2 men at pollsmoor prison demanded unconditional [free] and access to lawyers .

The Hunger Strike Support Committee , representing more than 30 organisations , has called for the lifting of the State of Emergency and the release of the remaining detainees .
the hunger strike support committee , representing more than 30 organisations , has called for the lifting of the state of emergency and the [free] of the remaining detainees .

The Women 's Section of , the African National Congress in Lusaka , supporting joint action , for the release of political prisoners and detainees , and against forced removals , issued a statement on International Women 's Day , calling upon women of the world to insist on the right to know what is going on in South Africa ; to intensify the campaign for sanctions ; to fight for prisoner of war status for captured combatants ; to support the Save the Patriots campaign and to remember Daisy Modise , the only woman patriot of the 62 prisoners on death row .
the women 's section of , the african national congress in lusaka , supporting joint action , for the [free] of political prisoners and detainees , and against forced removals , issued a statement on international women 's day , calling upon women of the world to insist on the right to know what is going on in south africa ; to intensify the campaign for sanctions ; to fight for prisoner of war status for captured combatants ; to support the save the patriots campaign and to remember daisy modise , the only woman patriot of the 62 prisoners on death row .

We ask for help in our task of calling for an end to the executions and the release of all political prisoners .
we ask for help in our task of calling for an end to the executions and the [free] of all political prisoners .

The Irish in Britain Representation Group led a march from Whittington Park calling for the release of the Birmingham 6 and the Guildford 4 , who have been protesting their innocence for the past 14 years .
the irish in britain representation group led a march from whittington park calling for the [free] of the birmingham 6 and the guildford 4 , who have been protesting their innocence for the past 14 years .

The press release explained that the venue for this historic first meeting in Malta between the Presidents had bee fitted with carpets designed and woven by Stoddard Mercia .
the press [free] explained that the venue for this historic first meeting in malta between the presidents had bee fitted with carpets designed and woven by stoddard mercia .

One of the ways in which the project manager may exert overall control of the project is by setting , allocating and subsequently controlling the release of appropriate contingency allowances .
one of the ways in which the project manager may exert overall control of the project is by setting , allocating and subsequently controlling the [free] of appropriate contingency allowances .

Release of part of the reserve should be through the project manager .
[free] of part of the reserve should be through the project manager .

Nevertheless , extreme vigilance and monitoring are still needed each time a new product is sanctioned for release into the environment .
nevertheless , extreme vigilance and monitoring are still needed each time a new product is sanctioned for [free] into the environment .

There are wide-ranging powers to limit or restrict the manufacture and release of a product until the agency concerned is fully convinced of its safety .
there are wide-ranging powers to limit or restrict the manufacture and [free] of a product until the agency concerned is fully convinced of its safety .

But the Committee has no legal powers to prevent the release of new organisms — a power which is available to the control bodies which operate in the United States .
but the committee has no legal powers to prevent the [free] of new organisms — a power which is available to the control bodies which operate in the united states .

( Thirteenth Report of the Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution , The Release of Genetically Engineered Organisms to the Environment , July 1989 . )
( thirteenth report of the royal commission on environmental pollution , the [free] of genetically engineered organisms to the environment , july 1989 . )

The Commission proposes that it should be a criminal offence for anyone to release into the environment a living creature whose genes have been altered in the laboratory — unless the proposed release has been scrutinised and licensed by a committee of ecologists and environmental scientists .
the commission proposes that it should be a criminal offence for anyone to [free] into the environment a living creature whose genes have been altered in the laboratory — unless the proposed [free] has been scrutinised and licensed by a committee of ecologists and environmental scientists .

More serious charges originally brought against Poindexter were dropped after the Reagan and Bush administrations refused to release confidential documents requested by the prosecution .
more serious charges originally brought against poindexter were dropped after the reagan and bush administrations refused to [free] confidential documents requested by the prosecution .

Tiananmen Square anniversary — Release of Fang Lizhi
tiananmen square anniversary — [free] of fang lizhi

On May 10 and June 6 , groups of 211 and 97 detainees respectively were released from prison [ see p. 37186 for release of 573 detainees in January ] .
on may 10 and june 6 , groups of 211 and 97 detainees respectively were released from prison [ see p. 37186 for [free] of 573 detainees in january ] .

Release of Fang Lizhi — Effect on Sino-US relations
[free] of fang lizhi — effect on sino-us relations

Release of final two " Marxist conspiracy " detainees
[free] of final two " marxist conspiracy " detainees

Capture and release of hostages
capture and [free] of hostages

Release of " Winchester Three "
[free] of " winchester three "

The three were re-arrested on their release and deported to Dublin .
the three were re-arrested on their [free] and deported to dublin .

Padraig Flynn , the Environment Minister , announced on Jan. 26 , 1990 , a programme of environmental protection measures , which included a ban on coal burning in Dublin , proposals to end the release of sewage and industrial waste into rivers , lakes and seas , and the conversion of coal-fired power stations to using smokeless fuel .
padraig flynn , the environment minister , announced on jan. 26 , 1990 , a programme of environmental protection measures , which included a ban on coal burning in dublin , proposals to end the [free] of sewage and industrial waste into rivers , lakes and seas , and the conversion of coal-fired power stations to using smokeless fuel .

Following the 1989 release from prison of Maj. Otelo Saraiva de Carvalho , the leader of the most radical military faction in the upheavals of 1974 [ see p. 36945 ] , it was announced in February 1990 that he had renounced the armed struggle .
following the 1989 [free] from prison of maj. otelo saraiva de carvalho , the leader of the most radical military faction in the upheavals of 1974 [ see p. 36945 ] , it was announced in february 1990 that he had renounced the armed struggle .

Release of Esono
[free] of esono

Release of trade union leaders
[free] of trade union leaders

The World Bank in September 1989 agreed to release credits of $1,600 million to Brazil .
the world bank in september 1989 agreed to [free] credits of $1,600 million to brazil .

Both leaders were each sentenced to 18 months ' imprisonment and three years ' civil rights deprivation ( although an appeal court ordered Sadiq 's release immediately before the April election and he was again elected to Parliament — see p. 37388 ) .
both leaders were each sentenced to 18 months ' imprisonment and three years ' civil rights deprivation ( although an appeal court ordered sadiq 's [free] immediately before the april election and he was again elected to parliament — see p. 37388 ) .

The main opposition demands were the dissolution of the government and the Rashtriya Panchayat ( parliament ) , release of all political detainees , compensation for the victims of police action , the representation of the opposition on the commission dealing with constitutional change , and the establishment of an independent committee to look into alleged abuses committed by the security forces .
the main opposition demands were the dissolution of the government and the rashtriya panchayat ( parliament ) , [free] of all political detainees , compensation for the victims of police action , the representation of the opposition on the commission dealing with constitutional change , and the establishment of an independent committee to look into alleged abuses committed by the security forces .

The most serious charges against him , including all reference to the illegal support of the contras , were dropped in June 1989 because of the Bush adminstration 's refusal to release classified documents [ see p. 36809 ] .
the most serious charges against him , including all reference to the illegal support of the contras , were dropped in june 1989 because of the bush adminstration 's refusal to [free] classified documents [ see p. 36809 ] .

Although the defence had demanded the release of extracts from Reagan 's diaries as a means of circumventing the memory lapses suffered by the former President , Reagan had cited executive privilege in order to resist the move [ see pp .
although the defence had demanded the [free] of extracts from reagan 's diaries as a means of circumventing the memory lapses suffered by the former president , reagan had cited executive privilege in order to resist the move [ see pp .

Greene ruled on March 21 that Reagan should not be forced to release the diaries .
greene ruled on march 21 that reagan should not be forced to [free] the diaries .

End of Kosovo " special measures " — Resignation of Kosovo politicians — Release of Vlasi
end of kosovo " special measures " — resignation of kosovo politicians — [free] of vlasi

The release of the three reinforced the prospect of others using the political defence against extradition , seeking to persuade Irish courts not to extradite those charged with terrorist offences if it could be proved that such offences had been committed in the cause of the reunification of Ireland .
the [free] of the three reinforced the prospect of others using the political defence against extradition , seeking to persuade irish courts not to extradite those charged with terrorist offences if it could be proved that such offences had been committed in the cause of the reunification of ireland .

Release of Western hostages
[free] of western hostages

The release of five Western hostages in Lebanon during April generated intense , if premature , media speculation that a resolution of the whole hostage crisis was close at hand .
the [free] of five western hostages in lebanon during april generated intense , if premature , media speculation that a resolution of the whole hostage crisis was close at hand .

Release of French and Belgian hostages
[free] of french and belgian hostages

The release of the hostages came shortly after signs emerged of a distinct improvement in Franco-Libyan relations .
the [free] of the hostages came shortly after signs emerged of a distinct improvement in franco-libyan relations .

Although France officially claimed that the release of the jets was linked specifically to Libya 's improved relations with Chad , there was intense media speculation that it represented an `` arms for hostages `` deal .
although france officially claimed that the [free] of the jets was linked specifically to libya 's improved relations with chad , there was intense media speculation that it represented an `` arms for hostages `` deal .

The speculation increased when the French Foreign Minister Roland Dumas issued a statement after the release , praising Col. Kadhafi 's `` noble and humanitarian gesture `` .
the speculation increased when the french foreign minister roland dumas issued a statement after the [free] , praising col. kadhafi 's `` noble and humanitarian gesture `` .

The release would , Dumas said , `` be given proper consideration in future relations between France and Libya `` .
the [free] would , dumas said , `` be given proper consideration in future relations between france and libya `` .

The Syrian and Iranian governments , both of which had contacts and influence with the kidnappers , played a significant role in Polhill 's release .
the syrian and iranian governments , both of which had contacts and influence with the kidnappers , played a significant role in polhill 's [free] .

Since February 1989 the Iranian President , Hashemi Ali Akbar Rafsanjani , had made it known that he would be working toward the release of all hostages in the Middle East .
since february 1989 the iranian president , hashemi ali akbar rafsanjani , had made it known that he would be working toward the [free] of all hostages in the middle east .

The release of the Western hostages would seriously undermine Rafsanjani 's `` radical `` opponents , principally the former Interior Minister Hojatolislam Ali Akbar Mohtashemi .
the [free] of the western hostages would seriously undermine rafsanjani 's `` radical `` opponents , principally the former interior minister hojatolislam ali akbar mohtashemi .

Release of political prisoners
[free] of political prisoners

Although their release brought the number of political prisoners freed in the previous 16 months to 4,332 , another 2,000 remained in detention .
although their [free] brought the number of political prisoners freed in the previous 16 months to 4,332 , another 2,000 remained in detention .

The last three detainees held under the Public Security Act were released on June 6 , 1989 , an order for the release of all such detainees having been made by Moi on June 1 [ see also p. 36918 ] .
the last three detainees held under the public security act were released on june 6 , 1989 , an order for the [free] of all such detainees having been made by moi on june 1 [ see also p. 36918 ] .

Unilateral release of Iraqi PoWs
unilateral [free] of iraqi pows

On Oct. 3 , however , the head of the Iranian committee in charge of Iraqi PoWs , Ali Nazaran , announced that `` the unilateral release of prisoners by Iran had been stopped `` because Iran 's example had not been followed by Iraq .
on oct. 3 , however , the head of the iranian committee in charge of iraqi pows , ali nazaran , announced that `` the unilateral [free] of prisoners by iran had been stopped `` because iran 's example had not been followed by iraq .

What was often described as South Yemen 's perestroika continued meanwhile with the release of political prisoners , changes in press laws and in education , and the holding of multi-candidate local council elections .
what was often described as south yemen 's perestroika continued meanwhile with the [free] of political prisoners , changes in press laws and in education , and the holding of multi-candidate local council elections .

Supporting `` the efforts of the South African people `` to reach a peaceful settlement through genuine negotiations , it demanded , among other points : the lifting of the state of emergency , the immediate release of political prisoners , and the lifting of bans on organizations opposing apartheid .
supporting `` the efforts of the south african people `` to reach a peaceful settlement through genuine negotiations , it demanded , among other points : the lifting of the state of emergency , the immediate [free] of political prisoners , and the lifting of bans on organizations opposing apartheid .

In an address to the nation on July 25 , during which he spoke of the need for a " fresh start " after the upheavals of June [ see p. 37523 ] , President Kenneth Kaunda pardoned Lt. Mwamba Luchembe and his colleagues who were behind the June 30 announcement of an Army takeover , and announced the release of all other political prisoners .
in an address to the nation on july 25 , during which he spoke of the need for a " fresh start " after the upheavals of june [ see p. 37523 ] , president kenneth kaunda pardoned lt. mwamba luchembe and his colleagues who were behind the june 30 announcement of an army takeover , and announced the [free] of all other political prisoners .

Release of pro-Kurdish academic
[free] of pro-kurdish academic

Both Iran and Syria accused Israel of launching the raids in an attempt to block the release of a Western hostage held in Lebanon .
both iran and syria accused israel of launching the raids in an attempt to block the [free] of a western hostage held in lebanon .

Prior to the launching of the raids both Iran and Syria had indicated that a Western hostage was about to be freed ( possibly Brian Keenan , a teacher with dual British-Irish nationality held since March 1986 — for his eventual release on Aug. 24 see p. 37668 ) .
prior to the launching of the raids both iran and syria had indicated that a western hostage was about to be freed ( possibly brian keenan , a teacher with dual british-irish nationality held since march 1986 — for his eventual [free] on aug. 24 see p. 37668 ) .

Release of British nurse
[free] of british nurse

She was flown by private jet to the Zambian capital Lusaka , following a personal request for her release made by Zambia 's President Kenneth Kaunda to President Saddam Hussein of Iraq .
she was flown by private jet to the zambian capital lusaka , following a personal request for her [free] made by zambia 's president kenneth kaunda to president saddam hussein of iraq .

In a communiqué broadcast on Jan. 17 the leaders of the Medellín and Cali drug cartels , under their assumed name of the `` Extraditables `` , announced that they accepted the `` victory `` of the government of President Barco in the five month `` war `` waged between them [ see p. 36844 ; 36889-90 ; 37119 ] and would end their hostilities , release their hostages , cease drug shipments and surrender weapons and explosives , in return for constitutional and legal guarantees which would respect their rights and allow them to return to their families and communities .
in a communiqué broadcast on jan. 17 the leaders of the medellín and cali drug cartels , under their assumed name of the `` extraditables `` , announced that they accepted the `` victory `` of the government of president barco in the five month `` war `` waged between them [ see p. 36844 ; 36889-90 ; 37119 ] and would end their hostilities , [free] their hostages , cease drug shipments and surrender weapons and explosives , in return for constitutional and legal guarantees which would respect their rights and allow them to return to their families and communities .

Release of pro-democracy demonstrators
[free] of pro-democracy demonstrators

Release of political prisoners
[free] of political prisoners

The Brunei government on Jan. 6 ordered the release of six political prisoners who had been detained soon after the large-scale revolt which broke out in Brunei and other parts of British Borneo in 1962 [ see p. 19261 ; for release of 38 political detainees in 1988 see p. 36355 ] .
the brunei government on jan. 6 ordered the [free] of six political prisoners who had been detained soon after the large-scale revolt which broke out in brunei and other parts of british borneo in 1962 [ see p. 19261 ; for [free] of 38 political detainees in 1988 see p. 36355 ] .

The Times of Jan. 10 reported that the United Kingdom government had pressed for the release of the six after being informed of their plight by Roland ( " Tiny " ) Rowland , the chief executive of the Lonrho group of companies .
the times of jan. 10 reported that the united kingdom government had pressed for the [free] of the six after being informed of their plight by roland ( " tiny " ) rowland , the chief executive of the lonrho group of companies .

Acceptance of Soviet mediation offer on peace talks — Rejection of Iraqi proposal — Release of wounded PoWs
acceptance of soviet mediation offer on peace talks — rejection of iraqi proposal — [free] of wounded pows

Release of prisoners
[free] of prisoners

On March 18 , 1989 , Ben Ali ordered the release of over 1,500 prisoners to mark the 33rd anniversary of independence .
on march 18 , 1989 , ben ali ordered the [free] of over 1,500 prisoners to mark the 33rd anniversary of independence .

Release of Marian Munteanu — Renewed demonstrations
[free] of marian munteanu — renewed demonstrations

In a statement Prosecutor-General Gheorghe Robu said there was no longer any reason to believe that Munteanu 's release from `` preventive detention `` would endanger public order , although Munteanu remained under investigation pending possible charges .
in a statement prosecutor-general gheorghe robu said there was no longer any reason to believe that munteanu 's [free] from `` preventive detention `` would endanger public order , although munteanu remained under investigation pending possible charges .

Protest meetings had been held throughout Romania in July over the authorities ' refusal to release Munteanu and others detained since the violence in Bucharest on June 13-15 .
protest meetings had been held throughout romania in july over the authorities ' refusal to [free] munteanu and others detained since the violence in bucharest on june 13-15 .

Release of hostages
[free] of hostages

Release of Swiss hostages
[free] of swiss hostages

On Aug. 14 the president of the International Committee of the Red Cross , Cornelio Sommaruga , issued a statement thanking the Libyan leader , Col. Moamar al Kadhafi , for his role in securing the release of the two hostages .
on aug. 14 the president of the international committee of the red cross , cornelio sommaruga , issued a statement thanking the libyan leader , col. moamar al kadhafi , for his role in securing the [free] of the two hostages .

Release of Keenan
[free] of keenan

Reports in early July had suggested that Keenan 's release was imminent , but subsequent Israeli air attacks on Lebanon had apparently led the kidnappers to delay the operation [ see p. 37626 ] .
reports in early july had suggested that keenan 's [free] was imminent , but subsequent israeli air attacks on lebanon had apparently led the kidnappers to delay the operation [ see p. 37626 ] .

These were ( i ) the release of South Korean dissidents imprisoned for making unauthorized visits to the North ; ( ii ) termination of the annual South Korean-US `` Team Spirit `` military exercises ; and ( iii ) an end to South Korea 's attempts to achieve unilateral entry to the United Nations .
these were ( i ) the [free] of south korean dissidents imprisoned for making unauthorized visits to the north ; ( ii ) termination of the annual south korean-us `` team spirit `` military exercises ; and ( iii ) an end to south korea 's attempts to achieve unilateral entry to the united nations .

Meanwhile , on Sept. 6 the junta apparently offered to release Suu Kyi from house arrest on condition that she went into exile and renounced politics .
meanwhile , on sept. 6 the junta apparently offered to [free] suu kyi from house arrest on condition that she went into exile and renounced politics .

Release of Dharsono
[free] of dharsono

Palestinian guerrilla activities and arrests — Palestinian demonstration — Release of political prisoners
palestinian guerrilla activities and arrests — palestinian demonstration — [free] of political prisoners

For role in April 1990 release of hostages from Lebanon see p. 37391 ; for response in August to Gulf crisis see p. 37636-37 ; for relations with Turkey see p. 37201 ; with Morocco see p.37220 ; with Yemen see p. 37427 ; with Egypt see p. 37471 .
for role in april 1990 [free] of hostages from lebanon see p. 37391 ; for response in august to gulf crisis see p. 37636-37 ; for relations with turkey see p. 37201 ; with morocco see p.37220 ; with yemen see p. 37427 ; with egypt see p. 37471 .

The release of Mandela on feb. 11 [ see pp .
the [free] of mandela on feb. 11 [ see pp .

37232-33 ] also appeared to have provoked new levels of violence , particularly in faction fighting in Natal townships ; by late March some 250 people had been killed since his release , mostly in Natal and the homelands .
37232-33 ] also appeared to have provoked new levels of violence , particularly in faction fighting in natal townships ; by late march some 250 people had been killed since his [free] , mostly in natal and the homelands .

Revolt by supporters of rebel governor — Release of Enrile
revolt by supporters of rebel governor — [free] of enrile

Release of Enrile
[free] of enrile

Among new measures ( i ) a new `` tax exempt special savings account `` would be introduced from January 1991 ; and ( ii ) the rate of pool betting duty would be reduced for a five-year period to release funds to be devoted to the improvement of safety and conditions at football grounds [ for April 1989 Hillsborough stadium disaster see p. 36597 ] .
among new measures ( i ) a new `` tax exempt special savings account `` would be introduced from january 1991 ; and ( ii ) the rate of pool betting duty would be reduced for a five-year period to [free] funds to be devoted to the improvement of safety and conditions at football grounds [ for april 1989 hillsborough stadium disaster see p. 36597 ] .

Mujaheddin release of Soviet prisoners
mujaheddin [free] of soviet prisoners

Release of Nelson Mandela
[free] of nelson mandela

Release of Nelson Mandela
[free] of nelson mandela

The date of his release had only been announced by de Klerk at a news conference on Feb. 10 .
the date of his [free] had only been announced by de klerk at a news conference on feb. 10 .

January 1985 Refuses conditional offer of release
january 1985 refuses conditional offer of [free]

Speculation that Mandela 's release was imminent had heightened in preceding weeks [ for meeting between Mandela and de Klerk on Dec. 13 , 1989 see p. 37116 ] .
speculation that mandela 's [free] was imminent had heightened in preceding weeks [ for meeting between mandela and de klerk on dec. 13 , 1989 see p. 37116 ] .

As the world 's most famous political prisoner , his emergence at the age of 71 after 27 years in prison was a moment of jubilation for black South Africans , who poured into the streets for prolonged celebration once news of his release was confirmed .
as the world 's most famous political prisoner , his emergence at the age of 71 after 27 years in prison was a moment of jubilation for black south africans , who poured into the streets for prolonged celebration once news of his [free] was confirmed .

The moment of his release , and his subsequent statements were observed with intense interest inside South Africa and throughout the world .
the moment of his [free] , and his subsequent statements were observed with intense interest inside south africa and throughout the world .

All commentators agreed that Mandela 's commanding performances at the huge rallies which followed his release , the statesmanlike handling of his encounters with senior political figures and the international media , and not least his grasp of the complex issues of the day , gave hope to those for whom he was a long-awaited , natural leader .
all commentators agreed that mandela 's commanding performances at the huge rallies which followed his [free] , the statesmanlike handling of his encounters with senior political figures and the international media , and not least his grasp of the complex issues of the day , gave hope to those for whom he was a long-awaited , natural leader .

Mandela 's release focused renewed attention on the deep divisions within the black communities .
mandela 's [free] focused renewed attention on the deep divisions within the black communities .

Reagan refused to abide by the ruling and on Feb. 5 , the deadline for the release of the diaries , the former President invoked executive privilege — the principle that a President 's communications should remain confidential .
reagan refused to abide by the ruling and on feb. 5 , the deadline for the [free] of the diaries , the former president invoked executive privilege — the principle that a president 's communications should remain confidential .

The talks produced agreement in principle on Feb. 3 to work for a ceasefire by Feb. 15 and for the release by March 1 of all hostages taken by rival Azerbaijani and Armenian militias , and to establish permanent relations between the two organizations .
the talks produced agreement in principle on feb. 3 to work for a ceasefire by feb. 15 and for the [free] by march 1 of all hostages taken by rival azerbaijani and armenian militias , and to establish permanent relations between the two organizations .

Nicaragua agreed to bring forward its general election , to release political prisoners and to make further concessions on internal reform , in return for an undertaking by the heads of state to elaborate within 90 days ( i.e .
nicaragua agreed to bring forward its general election , to [free] political prisoners and to make further concessions on internal reform , in return for an undertaking by the heads of state to elaborate within 90 days ( i.e .

Details of all full-time , part-time , block release and day release courses .
details of all full-time , part-time , block [free] and day [free] courses .

Shortly after his accession , he ordered the release of Catholics who had been imprisoned for refusing to go to church or for not taking oaths , and ordered the Exchequer to repay their fines .
shortly after his accession , he ordered the [free] of catholics who had been imprisoned for refusing to go to church or for not taking oaths , and ordered the exchequer to repay their fines .

This " issue " could range from — " How do you teach your little sister to tie her shoelaces ? " through — " How will you persuade the Pied Piper to release our children ? " to — " Can you encourage this reluctant old man to give a radio interview about the way the community used to be 60 years ago ? "
this " issue " could range from — " how do you teach your little sister to tie her shoelaces ? " through — " how will you persuade the pied piper to [free] our children ? " to — " can you encourage this reluctant old man to give a radio interview about the way the community used to be 60 years ago ? "

The teacher playing the Pied Piper , with whom the class has to negotiate for the release of the children .
the teacher playing the pied piper , with whom the class has to negotiate for the [free] of the children .

Letters formal : pleas for forgiveness/mercy requests for planning permission requests that the selfish giant let people play in his garden from the Mayor of Hamelin to the Pied Piper petitions ( for the release of the children of Hamelin ) .
letters formal : pleas for forgiveness/mercy requests for planning permission requests that the selfish giant let people play in his garden from the mayor of hamelin to the pied piper petitions ( for the [free] of the children of hamelin ) .

Meanwhile he attracted the attention of bishop Aeonius of Arles , who negotiated his release from the community of Lérins , and ordained him .
meanwhile he attracted the attention of bishop aeonius of arles , who negotiated his [free] from the community of lérins , and ordained him .

Once special deposits have been called , their release can be timed to match an expected money market shortage .
once special deposits have been called , their [free] can be timed to match an expected money market shortage .

If the process of learning to conquer the impulses to self-gratification seems too painful to be borne , the author reminds the sisters that ultimately a complaint will seem as misguided as that of a prisoner thrown a bag of money to buy his release who moans that the bag hit and bruised him .
if the process of learning to conquer the impulses to self-gratification seems too painful to be borne , the author reminds the sisters that ultimately a complaint will seem as misguided as that of a prisoner thrown a bag of money to buy his [free] who moans that the bag hit and bruised him .

This stress on communitas [ the bond of community ] is one in which the potential divisions between active and contemplative life are healed , and provides the structure within which the prayer of contemplatives is a channel for the release of the love of God , not just within the self , but within society .
this stress on communitas [ the bond of community ] is one in which the potential divisions between active and contemplative life are healed , and provides the structure within which the prayer of contemplatives is a channel for the [free] of the love of god , not just within the self , but within society .

Religious experience offered a release through which women could testify to an authoritative experience in which gender was transcended .
religious experience offered a [free] through which women could testify to an authoritative experience in which gender was transcended .

They provide the writers with a language by which they can recognise and communicate their sense of an ineffable being with the dynamic power to transform their lives , and the purpose of their writing is to release that dynamic in the lives of others .
they provide the writers with a language by which they can recognise and communicate their sense of an ineffable being with the dynamic power to transform their lives , and the purpose of their writing is to [free] that dynamic in the lives of others .

Each concentrates on the means and ends , preparation for , and fulfilment of , spiritual life , the first part dealing with the self-regulation necessary to release the desire for God from all impediment ; the second dealing more directly with contemplative experience .
each concentrates on the means and ends , preparation for , and fulfilment of , spiritual life , the first part dealing with the self-regulation necessary to [free] the desire for god from all impediment ; the second dealing more directly with contemplative experience .

Rolle stresses the need to acquire discretion in these observances so that they do not become ends in themselves and counter-productive to their true purpose — to release the practitioner to a freedom to love .
rolle stresses the need to acquire discretion in these observances so that they do not become ends in themselves and counter-productive to their true purpose — to [free] the practitioner to a freedom to love .

The meditations project an experience of alienation and deadness from which the meditator longs to be released ; he knows at one level that Christ 's death is the key to such release : But in this work such knowledge is not projected as that of experience , though it depends on recognition of the possibility of such experience for its validity .
the meditations project an experience of alienation and deadness from which the meditator longs to be released ; he knows at one level that christ 's death is the key to such [free] : but in this work such knowledge is not projected as that of experience , though it depends on recognition of the possibility of such experience for its validity .

Scale 2 enlarges on this release of creative being in the self .
scale 2 enlarges on this [free] of creative being in the self .

For instance , companies are required to release through the Company Announcements Office of the Stock Exchange any information necessary to enable shareholders and the public to appraise the position of the company and to avoid a false market in the company 's securities .
for instance , companies are required to [free] through the company announcements office of the stock exchange any information necessary to enable shareholders and the public to appraise the position of the company and to avoid a false market in the company 's securities .

Careful consideration should be given to the timing of the release of both beneficial and potentially awkward financial information .
careful consideration should be given to the timing of the [free] of both beneficial and potentially awkward financial information .

Carefully consider all aspects of confidentiality including the appropriate stages to release further information and whether particularly sensitive matters can be withheld until later .
carefully consider all aspects of confidentiality including the appropriate stages to [free] further information and whether particularly sensitive matters can be withheld until later .

It may be appropriate to release supplementary information during this stage ( i.e .
it may be appropriate to [free] supplementary information during this stage ( i.e .

Use the release of additional information to the vendor 's best advantage .
use the [free] of additional information to the vendor 's best advantage .

Purchaser to use reasonable endeavours to release target directors from any personal guarantees .
purchaser to use reasonable endeavours to [free] target directors from any personal guarantees .

release or counter-indemnity for guarantees by the seller in respect of the offeree group ; and
[free] or counter-indemnity for guarantees by the seller in respect of the offeree group ; and

date of release of other information .
date of [free] of other information .

On receipt of the signed undertaking we are obliged to release a copy of the Information memorandum .
on receipt of the signed undertaking we are obliged to [free] a copy of the information memorandum .

As a matter of courtesy we generally release the Information memorandum to accountants acting for the would-be buyer unless they request it be sent direct to their clients .
as a matter of courtesy we generally [free] the information memorandum to accountants acting for the would-be buyer unless they request it be sent direct to their clients .

release of provisions from last balance sheet trading with other companies controlled by the vendors but which do not form part of the transaction
[free] of provisions from last balance sheet trading with other companies controlled by the vendors but which do not form part of the transaction

Release of liens/encumbrances on shares
[free] of liens/encumbrances on shares

Whilst we may agree , at your request , to release a draft of our report at any stage prior to completion of the services set out in this letter , the suitability of a draft for release is a matter for our judgement , and we reserve the right not to release a draft it , if in our view , release is not appropriate .
whilst we may agree , at your request , to [free] a draft of our report at any stage prior to completion of the services set out in this letter , the suitability of a draft for [free] is a matter for our judgement , and we reserve the right not to [free] a draft it , if in our view , [free] is not appropriate .

It may be necessary at this stage to release further information , such as current trading and sensitive information such as detailed customer and supplier analyses , which will enable the offerors to finalise their offers into a Heads of Agreement .
it may be necessary at this stage to [free] further information , such as current trading and sensitive information such as detailed customer and supplier analyses , which will enable the offerors to finalise their offers into a heads of agreement .

We have reviewed the final text of the Memorandum prior to its release to third parties and confirm that to the best of our knowledge and belief it is true and accurate in all material respects and is both clear and not misleading .
we have reviewed the final text of the memorandum prior to its [free] to third parties and confirm that to the best of our knowledge and belief it is true and accurate in all material respects and is both clear and not misleading .

Any press release must be agreed between the parties prior to issue .
any press [free] must be agreed between the parties prior to issue .

( All Vendors together are liable : but the release of one will prejudice action against the others ) .
( all vendors together are liable : but the [free] of one will prejudice action against the others ) .

Two of the rigs were to provide transport for the ordinary sect members , after their release .
two of the rigs were to provide transport for the ordinary sect members , after their [free] .

Trapped by the fire … the Turkey Pens … Jim Miller and Louise Wyatt would still be locked in them … maybe Karen Larsen too … all condemned to a terrible death … unless he could release them in time …
trapped by the fire … the turkey pens … jim miller and louise wyatt would still be locked in them … maybe karen larsen too … all condemned to a terrible death … unless he could [free] them in time …

He had no choice other than to negotiate the release of the youngsters .
he had no choice other than to negotiate the [free] of the youngsters .

He now knew Angel One would keep his side of the bargain and release the youth .
he now knew angel one would keep his side of the bargain and [free] the youth .

The release of power is triggered by ( a ) keeping the knees and toes aligned throughout the backswing and ( b ) by keeping your head just inside your right foot to guard against falling into a reverse pivot .
the [free] of power is triggered by ( a ) keeping the knees and toes aligned throughout the backswing and ( b ) by keeping your head just inside your right foot to guard against falling into a reverse pivot .

The Redundancy Payments Act of 1965 was introduced to give redundant workers some recompense for losing their jobs and to encourage companies to release labour they no longer required ( feather-bedding ) , thereby encouraging labour mobility in the face of growing changes in the technological make-up of industry .
the redundancy payments act of 1965 was introduced to give redundant workers some recompense for losing their jobs and to encourage companies to [free] labour they no longer required ( feather-bedding ) , thereby encouraging labour mobility in the face of growing changes in the technological make-up of industry .

In addition to its many benefits , the new technology has some potential risks , particularly from the release of genetically engineered microorganisms .
in addition to its many benefits , the new technology has some potential risks , particularly from the [free] of genetically engineered microorganisms .

Deciding whether to release a prisoner on parole , for example , needs a judgement about whether the prisoner is likely to commit another offence .
deciding whether to [free] a prisoner on parole , for example , needs a judgement about whether the prisoner is likely to commit another offence .

Although copies of the sample test were leaked to the Belfast Telegraph immediately following its release , this newspaper in common with others can not print questions from it before June 14 .
although copies of the sample test were leaked to the belfast telegraph immediately following its [free] , this newspaper in common with others can not print questions from it before june 14 .

When his letter of release comes , he sees happiness beckon just over the horizon .
when his letter of [free] comes , he sees happiness beckon just over the horizon .

Whereupon , one of the assembled journalists — and it did not exactly endear him to his photographic colleagues — started to ask Keenan about the famous remark he made after his release — the one about drinking all the Guinness in Ireland and making love to all the women in Ireland .
whereupon , one of the assembled journalists — and it did not exactly endear him to his photographic colleagues — started to ask keenan about the famous remark he made after his [free] — the one about drinking all the guinness in ireland and making love to all the women in ireland .

Pop help : Top artists release record to benefit charities
pop help : top artists [free] record to benefit charities

Release day
[free] day

Then , on April 9 , he commended a group , none of whose names was included in the Press release , called who suggested that the industry should set up a body to be more pro-active and dynamic in the promotion of food products .
then , on april 9 , he commended a group , none of whose names was included in the press [free] , called who suggested that the industry should set up a body to be more pro-active and dynamic in the promotion of food products .

In addition there are some specific features often of great importance , such as the release of long suppressed aspirations for national sovereignty .
in addition there are some specific features often of great importance , such as the [free] of long suppressed aspirations for national sovereignty .

Caro supposed her mother had got used to it , as Caro got better at the job and was given a spell of greenhouse work , then offered day release to improve her qualifications .
caro supposed her mother had got used to it , as caro got better at the job and was given a spell of greenhouse work , then offered day [free] to improve her qualifications .

Glebe Manor went on release with Halifax Property Services around August 1992 and has proved to be a most successful and sought after development .
glebe manor went on [free] with halifax property services around august 1992 and has proved to be a most successful and sought after development .

Their debut single ‘ Going To Nepal ’ crashed into the Irish charts on release last month , and actually sold out its initial pressing , much to the embarrassment of their record company .
their debut single ‘ going to nepal ’ crashed into the irish charts on [free] last month , and actually sold out its initial pressing , much to the embarrassment of their record company .

He is also in the chair for the second single , due in May , and the debut album which is pencilled in for an August release .
he is also in the chair for the second single , due in may , and the debut album which is pencilled in for an august [free] .

The jobs crisis means that the previously joyous prospect of a release from the rigours of the classroom is now tempered by the fear of unemployment .
the jobs crisis means that the previously joyous prospect of a [free] from the rigours of the classroom is now tempered by the fear of unemployment .

The supporters did not sign a bunch of overpaid , oversensitive underachievers ( and this is not aimed at all our players — Devine , Lowry , Kelly , Neill , McKeever , Mathieson can excuse themselves ! ) The supporters did not release some of the best young talent in Ulster ( Strain , Millar , Keery , McCaffrey , etc ! )
the supporters did not sign a bunch of overpaid , oversensitive underachievers ( and this is not aimed at all our players — devine , lowry , kelly , neill , mckeever , mathieson can excuse themselves ! ) the supporters did not [free] some of the best young talent in ulster ( strain , millar , keery , mccaffrey , etc ! )

The supporters did not release Winkie Armstrong only to bring in Billy Whitehurst ! The supporters do not consistently play some of the Club 's best players out of position to accommodate players so far past their sell-by date that if they were a tin of fish paste there 's be an outbreak of salmonella the length and breadth of Mersey Street !
the supporters did not [free] winkie armstrong only to bring in billy whitehurst ! the supporters do not consistently play some of the club 's best players out of position to accommodate players so far past their sell-by date that if they were a tin of fish paste there 's be an outbreak of salmonella the length and breadth of mersey street !

Biochemical pathways are sequences of chemicals that constitute successive stages in some useful process , like the release of energy or the synthesis of an important substance .
biochemical pathways are sequences of chemicals that constitute successive stages in some useful process , like the [free] of energy or the synthesis of an important substance .

This , however , would not release much more energy , so a crisis would occur , as was described in the chapter on black holes .
this , however , would not [free] much more energy , so a crisis would occur , as was described in the chapter on black holes .

She herself was taut and quivering too — awaiting the cries of amazement , curiosity and wonder that she was about to release .
she herself was taut and quivering too — awaiting the cries of amazement , curiosity and wonder that she was about to [free] .

Nicandra 's response , the release of her body , was absolute .
nicandra 's response , the [free] of her body , was absolute .

Her petticoat fell next ; then the cami-knickers ; after that the suspender belt with its four suspenders clicking in their release .
her petticoat fell next ; then the cami-knickers ; after that the suspender belt with its four suspenders clicking in their [free] .

Alex Trocchi had escaped Glasgow for the city , and release from Calvinism .
alex trocchi had escaped glasgow for the city , and [free] from calvinism .

Dope was n't , but the drug legal advice service ‘ Release ’ which concerned itself with the increasing number of busts — and junkies — began operating in West London .
dope was n't , but the drug legal advice service ‘ [free] ’ which concerned itself with the increasing number of busts — and junkies — began operating in west london .

Release 's Caroline Coon wrote in It that 1969 was the year of the festivals .
[free] 's caroline coon wrote in it that 1969 was the year of the festivals .

The President today said , ‘ We are delighted that all the representations made to Life-President Banda and to representatives of the Malawi Government in this country have finally resulted in Vera Chirwa 's release .
the president today said , ‘ we are delighted that all the representations made to life-president banda and to representatives of the malawi government in this country have finally resulted in vera chirwa 's [free] .

The Commission , which was set up in 1991 after a series of miscarriage of justice cases culminating in the release of the Birmingham Six after 16 years in prison , reported today .
the commission , which was set up in 1991 after a series of miscarriage of justice cases culminating in the [free] of the birmingham six after 16 years in prison , reported today .

She felt an inward sense of release .
she felt an inward sense of [free] .

So , when Saturday dawned , it was with a feeling of release that she threw her wetsuit into the car and drove to the sailing club .
so , when saturday dawned , it was with a feeling of [free] that she threw her wetsuit into the car and drove to the sailing club .

But suddenly , on a great , surging crest of release , she was glad that she had !
but suddenly , on a great , surging crest of [free] , she was glad that she had !

By default Release 2.4 is in graphics mode and the command needed to switch to text mode is : : Display , Mode , Text
by default [free] 2.4 is in graphics mode and the command needed to switch to text mode is : : display , mode , text

The authors have obviously taken note of the thousands of users of the first release to bring you this wonderful educational program .
the authors have obviously taken note of the thousands of users of the first [free] to bring you this wonderful educational program .

Without doubt this is the best shoot-em-up arcade action release of 1992 .
without doubt this is the best shoot-em-up arcade action [free] of 1992 .

DesignWorks suffered a little in its initial release by having Typographica fonts bundled with it .
designworks suffered a little in its initial [free] by having typographica fonts bundled with it .

Gil Benson examines the latest release of Excel — version 4 — to see what all the fuss is about .
gil benson examines the latest [free] of excel — version 4 — to see what all the fuss is about .

The final punch line from WordPerfect was that enhancements in the new release 5.2 of WordPerfect for Windows invalidated most of Microsoft 's arguments anyway .
the final punch line from wordperfect was that enhancements in the new [free] 5.2 of wordperfect for windows invalidated most of microsoft 's arguments anyway .

This latest maintenance release fixes some minor bugs and will be of special interest mainly to users network users .
this latest maintenance [free] fixes some minor bugs and will be of special interest mainly to users network users .

Thus a hard-worked journalist could receive a press release by fax , use FAXgrabber to convert the faxed release to text , and then place it into his story without having to go through the process of re-typing much of the information .
thus a hard-worked journalist could receive a press [free] by fax , use faxgrabber to convert the faxed [free] to text , and then place it into his story without having to go through the process of re-typing much of the information .

Sierra release their latest and best episode in the longest running saga in computer gaming history …
sierra [free] their latest and best episode in the longest running saga in computer gaming history …

Perhaps in a later release .
perhaps in a later [free] .

The trouble is caused by the way that Lotus 1-2-3 Release 3.0 implements an enhanced mode of its own and this clashes with Window 's version of enhanced mode .
the trouble is caused by the way that lotus 1-2-3 [free] 3.0 implements an enhanced mode of its own and this clashes with window 's version of enhanced mode .

Improv for Windows Release 2.0
improv for windows [free] 2.0

To assist the user to decide which picture to work on , especially when files may have cryptic names , Zsoft has included a viewer utility in this release .
to assist the user to decide which picture to work on , especially when files may have cryptic names , zsoft has included a viewer utility in this [free] .

The programming in this release is really first rate , and its top graphics and controls allow this to claim to be up to arcade standards .
the programming in this [free] is really first rate , and its top graphics and controls allow this to claim to be up to arcade standards .

The -5's release is pretty good , and will hold the young users attention for a reasonable time — parental guidance and encouragement is needed , in particular to fathom out the control keys ( see more on this later ) .
the -5's [free] is pretty good , and will hold the young users attention for a reasonable time — parental guidance and encouragement is needed , in particular to fathom out the control keys ( see more on this later ) .

The Beta release of presentations has come with a quite large amount of pre-drawn template material , which will be included with the final release , and which makes actually forming a presentation very simple .
the beta [free] of presentations has come with a quite large amount of pre-drawn template material , which will be included with the final [free] , and which makes actually forming a presentation very simple .

The programmers make changes , often relying on data gathered from debugging code built into the software at this point , and a new beta release is sent out to beta testers .
the programmers make changes , often relying on data gathered from debugging code built into the software at this point , and a new beta [free] is sent out to beta testers .

This carries on until the program is as bug-free as it can be , at which point someone makes the decision that the final code for release has been reached .
this carries on until the program is as bug-free as it can be , at which point someone makes the decision that the final code for [free] has been reached .

Until now SuperCalc has lacked a ‘ best fit ’ option for setting column width and this has been rectified in this release .
until now supercalc has lacked a ‘ best fit ’ option for setting column width and this has been rectified in this [free] .

This shareware release allows us to enjoy the challenge of coming in under par at any time of the day whatever the weather .
this shareware [free] allows us to enjoy the challenge of coming in under par at any time of the day whatever the weather .

Shareware authors , however , release their products on an unsuspecting world with no up-front payment .
shareware authors , however , [free] their products on an unsuspecting world with no up-front payment .

On the one hand you 've got everything , accounting-wise , you need to run a large company now , and on the other , the bits that make what you send to other people look professional are coming ‘ real soon now ’ in a later release .
on the one hand you 've got everything , accounting-wise , you need to run a large company now , and on the other , the bits that make what you send to other people look professional are coming ‘ real soon now ’ in a later [free] .

Lotus Symphony Release 3.0 by Janet Swift
lotus symphony [free] 3.0 by janet swift

Eight years on Symphony Release 3 has just been launched and Janet Swift examines how it measures up to today 's standards — looking at it from the viewpoint of existing users and those who are contemplating buying new business software .
eight years on symphony [free] 3 has just been launched and janet swift examines how it measures up to today 's standards — looking at it from the viewpoint of existing users and those who are contemplating buying new business software .

Release 3 for upgraders
[free] 3 for upgraders

Symphony Release 2.2 relied on the Allways add-in for its spreadsheet publishing capability but transition from one to the other has been made as smooth as possible .
symphony [free] 2.2 relied on the allways add-in for its spreadsheet publishing capability but transition from one to the other has been made as smooth as possible .

Symphony 's new Audit add-in is the same as that included in 1-2-3 since Release 2.3 .
symphony 's new audit add-in is the same as that included in 1-2-3 since [free] 2.3 .

Typing in date and time formats is tedious so the next logical steps for any reader whose spreadsheet requires this primitive method of date entry ( i.e 1-2-3 Release 2. x , AsEasyAs , SuperCalc 5 and so on ) would be to write a couple of simple keystrokes macros so that you could reduce the typing required to the minimum .
typing in date and time formats is tedious so the next logical steps for any reader whose spreadsheet requires this primitive method of date entry ( i.e 1-2-3 [free] 2. x , aseasyas , supercalc 5 and so on ) would be to write a couple of simple keystrokes macros so that you could reduce the typing required to the minimum .

In Use Since this a preview , based on Beta software , we expect there to be some odd little quirks and funnies in the program , and that it will run slower than the final release version .
in use since this a preview , based on beta software , we expect there to be some odd little quirks and funnies in the program , and that it will run slower than the final [free] version .

Opinion There 's not really the space to get into depth on Ultrafax , but it looks as though the release version will satisfy any user 's requirements .
opinion there 's not really the space to get into depth on ultrafax , but it looks as though the [free] version will satisfy any user 's requirements .

Even with this beta version , no major problems have surfaced , so we expect the release version to be very solid and robust .
even with this beta version , no major problems have surfaced , so we expect the [free] version to be very solid and robust .

Lotus 1-2-3 Release 3.4
lotus 1-2-3 [free] 3.4

Release 3 did however a band of loyal users who liked the ability to create multi-page spreadsheets and some of its other special features — my own favourite is Automatic formatting which means that Release 3 is one of the easiest spreadsheets ever in which to enter a date .
[free] 3 did however a band of loyal users who liked the ability to create multi-page spreadsheets and some of its other special features — my own favourite is automatic formatting which means that [free] 3 is one of the easiest spreadsheets ever in which to enter a date .

Product : 1-2-3 Release 3.4
product : 1-2-3 [free] 3.4

What might have been first visualised as a basic low cost word processor might have transformed into a full blown all bells and whistles application that has spreadsheets and databases built in , yet , if you 're still using the first release , you could be losing out .
what might have been first visualised as a basic low cost word processor might have transformed into a full blown all bells and whistles application that has spreadsheets and databases built in , yet , if you 're still using the first [free] , you could be losing out .

’ , with others , it 's ‘ if you 're a registered user of the product , you can upgrade to the latest release for the cost of the disks , or even download it from our Bulletin Board System .
’ , with others , it 's ‘ if you 're a registered user of the product , you can upgrade to the latest [free] for the cost of the disks , or even download it from our bulletin board system .

Then release the second key and finally release the Ctrl or Alt key .
then [free] the second key and finally [free] the ctrl or alt key .

WordStar used it as a base from which to build WordStar for Windows , a process that has continued with this latest release , which adds Windows 3.1 compliance amongst other things .
wordstar used it as a base from which to build wordstar for windows , a process that has continued with this latest [free] , which adds windows 3.1 compliance amongst other things .

Ready for release is the Year Of The Comet , in which he plays a seductive villain , and he is currently working on The Son Of Pink Panther , at Pinewood , directed by Blake Edwards .
ready for [free] is the year of the comet , in which he plays a seductive villain , and he is currently working on the son of pink panther , at pinewood , directed by blake edwards .

City Of Joy , which is due for release in Britain next month , has given light to a showcase of talent such as Shabana Azmi and Om Puri , both of whom are tipped to take Oscars early next year .
city of joy , which is due for [free] in britain next month , has given light to a showcase of talent such as shabana azmi and om puri , both of whom are tipped to take oscars early next year .

They have put back the release date nine months to September next year .
they have put back the [free] date nine months to september next year .

The movie , scheduled for release later this year , stars tough guy Sanjay Dutt as a martial arts expert out for revenge .
the movie , scheduled for [free] later this year , stars tough guy sanjay dutt as a martial arts expert out for revenge .

Now with the release of Yalgaar , Channi hopes to establish a reputation in Bombay .
now with the [free] of yalgaar , channi hopes to establish a reputation in bombay .

‘ The first product release is likely to be a Windows version of ‘ Oilwat/Gaswat ’ which is awaited by many existing and potential users of the package .
‘ the first product [free] is likely to be a windows version of ‘ oilwat/gaswat ’ which is awaited by many existing and potential users of the package .

Desperate to find some release , Shannon tried taking long , solitary walks along the city 's golden shoreline , hunching her shoulders into a warm sheepskin jacket against the biting chill of the ever-present north-sea wind .
desperate to find some [free] , shannon tried taking long , solitary walks along the city 's golden shoreline , hunching her shoulders into a warm sheepskin jacket against the biting chill of the ever-present north-sea wind .

The air in her lungs was stifling , fear rising in her throat like hordes of butterfly wings clamouring for release , choking her .
the air in her lungs was stifling , fear rising in her throat like hordes of butterfly wings clamouring for [free] , choking her .

Ripples of intense pleasure burst around her , and small incoherent cries broke on her lips as joyous release shuddered through her body .
ripples of intense pleasure burst around her , and small incoherent cries broke on her lips as joyous [free] shuddered through her body .

The guard felt the unseen leg-gripper release his — or , as he was beginning to fear , its — hold .
the guard felt the unseen leg-gripper [free] his — or , as he was beginning to fear , its — hold .

How long she would have stared into his beautiful cool eyes before he chose to release her she 'd never know , because at that moment the band struck into the opening bars of ‘ If you knew Suzie ’ , demanding her attention as with an exclamation of pleased surprise she half turned to watch them , her mouth curling into a spontaneous smile .
how long she would have stared into his beautiful cool eyes before he chose to [free] her she 'd never know , because at that moment the band struck into the opening bars of ‘ if you knew suzie ’ , demanding her attention as with an exclamation of pleased surprise she half turned to watch them , her mouth curling into a spontaneous smile .

He was slow to release her , holding her even when his mouth had disclaimed hers , turning his golden head slowly to greet the newcomer , one arm still possessively around her waist .
he was slow to [free] her , holding her even when his mouth had disclaimed hers , turning his golden head slowly to greet the newcomer , one arm still possessively around her waist .

Theodora replaced the mouthpiece and the telephone shrilled again as though it had been waiting for her to release its ring .
theodora replaced the mouthpiece and the telephone shrilled again as though it had been waiting for her to [free] its ring .

His second point was to discredit the idea that environmental pollution may be caused by the release of formaldehyde , used during embalming , from the decomposing body after interment .
his second point was to discredit the idea that environmental pollution may be caused by the [free] of formaldehyde , used during embalming , from the decomposing body after interment .

On his release from the services , he tried living and working in London .
on his [free] from the services , he tried living and working in london .

Woolf argues for improvements in prisons , not for their own sake , but because ‘ to treat prisoners in a way which is likely to leave them in an embittered and disaffected state on their release ’ will naturally lead to ‘ a deterioration in the ability of the prisoner to operate effectively and lawfully in society ’ .
woolf argues for improvements in prisons , not for their own sake , but because ‘ to treat prisoners in a way which is likely to leave them in an embittered and disaffected state on their [free] ’ will naturally lead to ‘ a deterioration in the ability of the prisoner to operate effectively and lawfully in society ’ .

If the Court of Appeal orders their release it will not surprise many prison staff .
if the court of appeal orders their [free] it will not surprise many prison staff .

One sign that the adminstration is beginning to think seriously about basic research is its decision last week to release only partial information on six interagency initiatives that , taken together , will cost $ 12.5 billion .
one sign that the adminstration is beginning to think seriously about basic research is its decision last week to [free] only partial information on six interagency initiatives that , taken together , will cost $ 12.5 billion .

Clinton ordered agencies with facilities that release toxic pollutants , including military bases and research laboratories , to develop a plan to reduce their output by half by 1999 , and to report them to the public as private companies are now required to do .
clinton ordered agencies with facilities that [free] toxic pollutants , including military bases and research laboratories , to develop a plan to reduce their output by half by 1999 , and to report them to the public as private companies are now required to do .

This retractive action of linear uncrosslinked polymers can be observed if the time interval between extension and release is short , but if the stress is maintained for some time , then a relaxation process takes place allowing the tension to decay eventually to zero .
this retractive action of linear uncrosslinked polymers can be observed if the time interval between extension and [free] is short , but if the stress is maintained for some time , then a relaxation process takes place allowing the tension to decay eventually to zero .

The best answer to these requests is to ask , in turn , which less important project ( s ) will be dropped in order to release the required resources .
the best answer to these requests is to ask , in turn , which less important project ( s ) will be dropped in order to [free] the required resources .

You know , probably , that Malduin would n't have anything to do with the fortifications in Fife and the Lothians , and would only release his land-workers when under a direct order from my lord your husband .
you know , probably , that malduin would n't have anything to do with the fortifications in fife and the lothians , and would only [free] his land-workers when under a direct order from my lord your husband .

This first , troubled venture into Anglo-Swedish films was completed , but it never received a British release .
this first , troubled venture into anglo-swedish films was completed , but it never received a british [free] .

’ The film did not reach cinemas until 1965 because of a hold-up in the release of productions distributed by British Lion .
’ the film did not reach cinemas until 1965 because of a hold-up in the [free] of productions distributed by british lion .

On its release in Britain , the Daily Worker described it as ‘ the first genuine ‘ mod ’ film of the British cinema ' and the Sunday Express declared that ‘ its real jewels are the shining performances of Michael Crawford , as the gauche youth , and Miss Tushingham , as the girl who gives him the knowledge .
on its [free] in britain , the daily worker described it as ‘ the first genuine ‘ mod ’ film of the british cinema ' and the sunday express declared that ‘ its real jewels are the shining performances of michael crawford , as the gauche youth , and miss tushingham , as the girl who gives him the knowledge .

The British release followed shortly afterwards .
the british [free] followed shortly afterwards .

Another release , for husband and wife together , was going to watch Chelsea Football Club and socializing with some of the team .
another [free] , for husband and wife together , was going to watch chelsea football club and socializing with some of the team .

In the event of another company acquiring control of the Company through a takeover or reconstruction , then ( as an alternative to exercising his option as described in paragraph 6 ) a participant may , if the acquiring company so agrees , release his existing option in return for the grant of an option over shares in the acquiring company ( or a parent thereof ) having the same aggregate option prices and the same aggregate market value as the shares the subject of the options released , the new options being generally exercisable on the same terms as the old .
in the event of another company acquiring control of the company through a takeover or reconstruction , then ( as an alternative to exercising his option as described in paragraph 6 ) a participant may , if the acquiring company so agrees , [free] his existing option in return for the grant of an option over shares in the acquiring company ( or a parent thereof ) having the same aggregate option prices and the same aggregate market value as the shares the subject of the options released , the new options being generally exercisable on the same terms as the old .

Of suffering may release
of suffering may [free]

Mr Malik had a winning way with the press release .
mr malik had a winning way with the press [free] .

Tamed instincts may protect the individual from vulnerability to external aggression or from emotional abandonment by one to whom he or she is fully committed in an act of love ; but in the process they also render life experiences flat and stand in the way of necessary instinctual release .
tamed instincts may protect the individual from vulnerability to external aggression or from emotional abandonment by one to whom he or she is fully committed in an act of love ; but in the process they also render life experiences flat and stand in the way of necessary instinctual [free] .

It was Day Release at the loony bin .
it was day [free] at the loony bin .

The door had been opened by some sort of electric release , but two Negro footmen in grey silk — complete with stockings — stood inside the door and said , ‘ Good evening , sir , ’ in unison .
the door had been opened by some sort of electric [free] , but two negro footmen in grey silk — complete with stockings — stood inside the door and said , ‘ good evening , sir , ’ in unison .

Thereafter , and notably from the 1780s , the company had to make recourse to fresh stock issue not so much to raise fresh working capital but to release it from debt .
thereafter , and notably from the 1780s , the company had to make recourse to fresh stock issue not so much to raise fresh working capital but to [free] it from debt .

My release may come any day , since Victor has but to re-appear among the living for the accusation to be proved false on all sides .
my [free] may come any day , since victor has but to re-appear among the living for the accusation to be proved false on all sides .

Hector , as eager as she for the only brief release he was allowed from confinement in the bedchamber , trotted at her heels , obedient to her call .
hector , as eager as she for the only brief [free] he was allowed from confinement in the bedchamber , trotted at her heels , obedient to her call .

Theda wrenched his hands from her shoulders , but she did not release his wrists , her grip on them tightening .
theda wrenched his hands from her shoulders , but she did not [free] his wrists , her grip on them tightening .

‘ Release me at once ! ’ she panted , struggling madly .
‘ [free] me at once ! ’ she panted , struggling madly .

‘ You mean that Araminta will no longer be living here ? ’ cried Theda joyfully . ‘ What a merciful release ! And we shall have this house ! Oh , Benedict ! ’
‘ you mean that araminta will no longer be living here ? ’ cried theda joyfully . ‘ what a merciful [free] ! and we shall have this house ! oh , benedict ! ’

Luke nodded and Robyn waited for him to release her , waited for the agony and the ecstasy of his touch to end .
luke nodded and robyn waited for him to [free] her , waited for the agony and the ecstasy of his touch to end .

‘ So is business good ? ’ he enquired , refusing to release the shiny bag , so that Robyn had to stand awkwardly in front of him in all her glorious finery and feel a hundred times worse than ever because his eyes were wandering over her face , travelling lazily down the length of her body , taking in every depressing detail .
‘ so is business good ? ’ he enquired , refusing to [free] the shiny bag , so that robyn had to stand awkwardly in front of him in all her glorious finery and feel a hundred times worse than ever because his eyes were wandering over her face , travelling lazily down the length of her body , taking in every depressing detail .

She suddenly felt totally drained ; relief at getting home again had brought about a release of all her emotions .
she suddenly felt totally drained ; relief at getting home again had brought about a [free] of all her emotions .

When you received Mark 's letter it shocked you , contributed to more pain and agony , but in a way it was a release , a focus for all the anger and misery you 've felt at Mark 's death .
when you received mark 's letter it shocked you , contributed to more pain and agony , but in a way it was a [free] , a focus for all the anger and misery you 've felt at mark 's death .

The wait would be well worth it for such a blind release ; and in this motley crowd , drawn from a dozen hamlets outside in addition to the town , her companion was nameless and faceless as a hunted man could wish to be .
the wait would be well worth it for such a blind [free] ; and in this motley crowd , drawn from a dozen hamlets outside in addition to the town , her companion was nameless and faceless as a hunted man could wish to be .

Off balance , she had to release her grip in order to save herself , and before she knew what he was about he had tossed the pitchfork into the next stall , and kicked her feet out from under her .
off balance , she had to [free] her grip in order to save herself , and before she knew what he was about he had tossed the pitchfork into the next stall , and kicked her feet out from under her .

With a disbelieving shrug , he walked round to release the bonnet , and then glanced into the engine .
with a disbelieving shrug , he walked round to [free] the bonnet , and then glanced into the engine .

She felt a deep , sensual pleasure as she held his leaping , quivering manhood in check , but the heat of him was so dangerously exciting that she arched herself in mute supplication , begging him to give her the release that her body craved .
she felt a deep , sensual pleasure as she held his leaping , quivering manhood in check , but the heat of him was so dangerously exciting that she arched herself in mute supplication , begging him to give her the [free] that her body craved .

He tells me he is soon to release a single on his own .
he tells me he is soon to [free] a single on his own .

‘ Please release me , Dr Cochrane .
‘ please [free] me , dr cochrane .

He had invited her to join the ladies ' sewing circle , and even suggested that she might like to attend the Tuesday evening Bible readings which he ran — he was sure that ‘ dear Miss Mates ’ would release her for the hour and a half the readings usually took .
he had invited her to join the ladies ' sewing circle , and even suggested that she might like to attend the tuesday evening bible readings which he ran — he was sure that ‘ dear miss mates ’ would [free] her for the hour and a half the readings usually took .

Apple Records got off to a fine start when its first release , Hey Jude , sold three million worldwide in its first month .
apple records got off to a fine start when its first [free] , hey jude , sold three million worldwide in its first month .

Chinese doctors consider it incredible that Westerners release unknown side-effects on their children by feeding them drugs .
chinese doctors consider it incredible that westerners [free] unknown side-effects on their children by feeding them drugs .

In September last year , President Ershad set up a national committee which , according to its own press release , intends to ‘ restore honour and dignity to the tribal peoples ’ by withdrawing the army , banning further immigration and returning the land which had been ‘ illegally and fraudulently ’ seized .
in september last year , president ershad set up a national committee which , according to its own press [free] , intends to ‘ restore honour and dignity to the tribal peoples ’ by withdrawing the army , banning further immigration and returning the land which had been ‘ illegally and fraudulently ’ seized .

b Incinerators sound like a good option but they release highly toxic gases .
b incinerators sound like a good option but they [free] highly toxic gases .

When the new voluntary agreement on tobacco advertising was concluded , the Secretary of State for Health issued a trumpeting press release stating : ’ The agreement will ensure that the new health warnings such as Smoking Kills ' , which will appear on cigarette packets from 1992 , will also appear on advertisements .
when the new voluntary agreement on tobacco advertising was concluded , the secretary of state for health issued a trumpeting press [free] stating : ’ the agreement will ensure that the new health warnings such as smoking kills ' , which will appear on cigarette packets from 1992 , will also appear on advertisements .

The messages that the Secretary of State trumpets in his press release are ’ Smoking Kills , ’ ’ Smoking Causes Cancer , ’ ’ Smoking Causes Heart Disease , ’ ’ Smoking Causes Fatal Diseases , ’ ’ Smoking When Pregnant Harms Your Baby , ’ and ’ Protect Children : Do n't Make Them Breathe Your Smoke .
the messages that the secretary of state trumpets in his press [free] are ’ smoking kills , ’ ’ smoking causes cancer , ’ ’ smoking causes heart disease , ’ ’ smoking causes fatal diseases , ’ ’ smoking when pregnant harms your baby , ’ and ’ protect children : do n't make them breathe your smoke .

In his press release the Secretary of State says : ’ Many of the new measures are designed to protect children from being influenced to take up the deadly habit of smoking . ’
in his press [free] the secretary of state says : ’ many of the new measures are designed to protect children from being influenced to take up the deadly habit of smoking . ’

If anyone needs to be convinced about the need to release the money for grants , it is the hon .
if anyone needs to be convinced about the need to [free] the money for grants , it is the hon .

He should face up to the need to release those much-needed funds for Scotland .
he should face up to the need to [free] those much-needed funds for scotland .

In the press release announcing the closure , Volvo states : ’ The actions are the direct result of deregulation of bus services and the recession , which have combined to severely depress demand .
in the press [free] announcing the closure , volvo states : ’ the actions are the direct result of deregulation of bus services and the recession , which have combined to severely depress demand .

Is it likely that the changes and related developments will lead the Ministry of Defence to release land in Scotland which it presently owns and leases for training purposes ?
is it likely that the changes and related developments will lead the ministry of defence to [free] land in scotland which it presently owns and leases for training purposes ?

Friend has brought me to the matter , it is right to put on record the comments of the chairman of British Coal in the press release .
friend has brought me to the matter , it is right to put on record the comments of the chairman of british coal in the press [free] .

At the moment , we in the national Parliaments simply receive the press releases that the Heads of Government decide to release after the events have occurred and policies have been made .
at the moment , we in the national parliaments simply receive the press releases that the heads of government decide to [free] after the events have occurred and policies have been made .

We shall begin to release some of the money that local authorities already have to stimulate construction and help the homeless .
we shall begin to [free] some of the money that local authorities already have to stimulate construction and help the homeless .

She laughed , then knew she must make a move to release herself from his embrace — otherwise he 'd imagine she was actually waiting to be kissed .
she laughed , then knew she must make a move to [free] herself from his embrace — otherwise he 'd imagine she was actually waiting to be kissed .

Will my right hon. Friend acknowledge the importance of the popular music industry and its contribution to overseas earnings ? Would he echo the view of music lovers everywhere about the release of a certain rap record which shows the statesmanlike approach of the Leader of the Opposition ?
will my right hon. friend acknowledge the importance of the popular music industry and its contribution to overseas earnings ? would he echo the view of music lovers everywhere about the [free] of a certain rap record which shows the statesmanlike approach of the leader of the opposition ?

How much more bad publicity do the Government have to get on the failure of their housing programme from the Duke of Edinburgh , Conservative councillors and their supporters around the country before they do what we are all asking them to do and undertake a planned release of the capital receipts ?
how much more bad publicity do the government have to get on the failure of their housing programme from the duke of edinburgh , conservative councillors and their supporters around the country before they do what we are all asking them to do and undertake a planned [free] of the capital receipts ?

We continually seek opportunities for rationalisation and the release of land surplus to our requirements .
we continually seek opportunities for rationalisation and the [free] of land surplus to our requirements .

As Britain has a special responsibility towards her and her country , can the Minister tell the House what action our ambassador is taking to get access to her and to secure her release ?
as britain has a special responsibility towards her and her country , can the minister tell the house what action our ambassador is taking to get access to her and to secure her [free] ?

Why will not the Minister release that money , which could be used immediately to start building 100,000 new homes in Wales ?
why will not the minister [free] that money , which could be used immediately to start building 100,000 new homes in wales ?

The main considerations in deciding whether to release such a prisoner are whether he or she has been detained long enough to satisfy the requirements of retribution and deterrence for the offence and whether the potential risk to the public is judged to be acceptable .
the main considerations in deciding whether to [free] such a prisoner are whether he or she has been detained long enough to satisfy the requirements of retribution and deterrence for the offence and whether the potential risk to the public is judged to be acceptable .

No matter for how long a period lifers are detained , the Home Secretary will release those people only if he considers that it is safe to do so .
no matter for how long a period lifers are detained , the home secretary will [free] those people only if he considers that it is safe to do so .

Is it not a fact that on 3 July last year the Minister of State told my hon. Friend the Member for East Lothian ( Mr. Home Robertson ) that the recruitment figures for individual battalions in Scotland would not be released on the ground of security , yet when it suited the Secretary of State 's purpose , he was prepared to release figures showing 67 per cent . recruitment to 15 Parachute regiment ?
is it not a fact that on 3 july last year the minister of state told my hon. friend the member for east lothian ( mr. home robertson ) that the recruitment figures for individual battalions in scotland would not be released on the ground of security , yet when it suited the secretary of state 's purpose , he was prepared to [free] figures showing 67 per cent . recruitment to 15 parachute regiment ?

British Aerospace has to reach world standards of productivity and efficiency , as it made clear in its press release .
british aerospace has to reach world standards of productivity and efficiency , as it made clear in its press [free] .

Why is the Minister so inconsistent in his approach to animal welfare ? On 11 February , he told the National Farmers Union that he had no intention of taking further steps unilaterally , but on 27 February he put out a press release saying that he did reserve the right to act unilaterally . Can he explain that contradiction , or is he just a politician running scared of the electorate and trying to be all things to all people ?
why is the minister so inconsistent in his approach to animal welfare ? on 11 february , he told the national farmers union that he had no intention of taking further steps unilaterally , but on 27 february he put out a press [free] saying that he did reserve the right to act unilaterally . can he explain that contradiction , or is he just a politician running scared of the electorate and trying to be all things to all people ?

They will continue their efforts to secure the release of hostages in the Middle East .
they will continue their efforts to secure the [free] of hostages in the middle east .

For the moment she did n't want to open her eyes and release the tears of pain .
for the moment she did n't want to open her eyes and [free] the tears of pain .

To Robbie the release came like drowning , a sinking into sensuality , a feeling almost of faintness .
to robbie the [free] came like drowning , a sinking into sensuality , a feeling almost of faintness .

She could hear herself sobbing , experienced the scalding release of tears on her fevered face .
she could hear herself sobbing , experienced the scalding [free] of tears on her fevered face .

Suddenly , they were at the world 's end , her body convulsing in astonished and savage joy , as she heard him cry out hoarsely in his own release .
suddenly , they were at the world 's end , her body convulsing in astonished and savage joy , as she heard him cry out hoarsely in his own [free] .

Examples are controls over the release of pollutants into rivers , seas and the atmosphere and international agreements between governments , as in the case of fishing limits and quotas or nuclear test ban treaties .
examples are controls over the [free] of pollutants into rivers , seas and the atmosphere and international agreements between governments , as in the case of fishing limits and quotas or nuclear test ban treaties .

Properly structured , hierarchy can release energy and creativity , rationalize productivity , and actually improve morale .
properly structured , hierarchy can [free] energy and creativity , rationalize productivity , and actually improve morale .

One of business 's great contemporary problems is how to release and sustain among the people who work in corporate hierarchies the thrust , initiative and adaptability of the entrepreneur .
one of business 's great contemporary problems is how to [free] and sustain among the people who work in corporate hierarchies the thrust , initiative and adaptability of the entrepreneur .

Still less do they have time to develop them further for release to a wider and less technical audience .
still less do they have time to develop them further for [free] to a wider and less technical audience .

He did n't release her .
he did n't [free] her .

Immediately his grip shifted to her hand , but he did n't release her .
immediately his grip shifted to her hand , but he did n't [free] her .

The King 's release is the last thing she must desire .
the king 's [free] is the last thing she must desire .

release their hair from its nets
[free] their hair from its nets

and a release
and a [free]

He still felt the movement of the van and the racing motion of the imagined mowing as , in his turbulent mind 's eye that would not release its trapped images , he let go the clutch on the handle and the motor mower leapt and jolted into movement .
he still felt the movement of the van and the racing motion of the imagined mowing as , in his turbulent mind 's eye that would not [free] its trapped images , he let go the clutch on the handle and the motor mower leapt and jolted into movement .

Horrified … and yet strangely relieved and satisfied , and tingling with primitive energy and release , she turned on her heel and threaded so nimbly through the crowded guests that she reached the French doors that opened on to the side veranda before Greg had recovered enough to take a single step .
horrified … and yet strangely relieved and satisfied , and tingling with primitive energy and [free] , she turned on her heel and threaded so nimbly through the crowded guests that she reached the french doors that opened on to the side veranda before greg had recovered enough to take a single step .

He is caught up in the communal excitement , without the prospect of release that performance gives .
he is caught up in the communal excitement , without the prospect of [free] that performance gives .

Charles would capture one of the boys and only release him if he said the magic word .
charles would capture one of the boys and only [free] him if he said the magic word .

But it was n't good enough to secure his release .
but it was n't good enough to secure his [free] .

‘ Why not ? What 's the difference ? Passion as exorcism or passion as release and renewal of energy , which is probably all the so-called act of love means to your lover upstairs , if his partners are so interchangeable … or the little death as an end in itself ? ’
‘ why not ? what 's the difference ? passion as exorcism or passion as [free] and renewal of energy , which is probably all the so-called act of love means to your lover upstairs , if his partners are so interchangeable … or the little death as an end in itself ? ’

It 's your plan to play at least one local release every hour that 's causing the real excitement , ’ Luke went on .
it 's your plan to play at least one local [free] every hour that 's causing the real excitement , ’ luke went on .

And yet , self-denied , he was still dominant , rampant male , she the one reduced to mindless begging for the release she now knew could only ever be temporary because she was an addict already , enslaved by him as he fed her again the fatal taste , the bitter-sweet of his passion , and her own .
and yet , self-denied , he was still dominant , rampant male , she the one reduced to mindless begging for the [free] she now knew could only ever be temporary because she was an addict already , enslaved by him as he fed her again the fatal taste , the bitter-sweet of his passion , and her own .

Maria was sobbing with desire as she felt his hands push insistently at her thighs , and then the rigid flesh she had freed to her caress just moments previously was nudging at her body , demanding entry and release .
maria was sobbing with desire as she felt his hands push insistently at her thighs , and then the rigid flesh she had freed to her caress just moments previously was nudging at her body , demanding entry and [free] .

When they reached her floor eventually , she bade him a perfunctory farewell and stepped out of the lift with a feeling of release , hurrying towards her apartment , heart and hormones defeating any intention of greeting Luke 's arrival as coolly as if it did n't matter to her one way or the other .
when they reached her floor eventually , she bade him a perfunctory farewell and stepped out of the lift with a feeling of [free] , hurrying towards her apartment , heart and hormones defeating any intention of greeting luke 's arrival as coolly as if it did n't matter to her one way or the other .

Vass did not release her .
vass did not [free] her .

Like a pressure-cooker suddenly given release .
like a pressure-cooker suddenly given [free] .

Then his face contorted in pain , and she knew instinctively with infinite relief that it was the face of a man reluctantly denying himself the sexual release he patently craved by wielding a superhuman control .
then his face contorted in pain , and she knew instinctively with infinite relief that it was the face of a man reluctantly denying himself the sexual [free] he patently craved by wielding a superhuman control .

Lithified coarse sediments frequently release large fragments once cements are weakened in warm dilute hydrochloric acid , but care must be taken that the clasts themselves are not susceptible to attack .
lithified coarse sediments frequently [free] large fragments once cements are weakened in warm dilute hydrochloric acid , but care must be taken that the clasts themselves are not susceptible to attack .

Although these may be later broken down physically to release individual particles there is no guarantee that individual flakes of clay would become separated by purely physical means .
although these may be later broken down physically to [free] individual particles there is no guarantee that individual flakes of clay would become separated by purely physical means .

Little research has yet been carried out on controls of brittle fracture within the subsurface , although Bj rlykke ( 1983 ) attributed cement dissolution ( and consequent secondary porosity generation ) to overpressuring , with subsequent cementation in the overlying strata a consequence of pressure release .
little research has yet been carried out on controls of brittle fracture within the subsurface , although bj rlykke ( 1983 ) attributed cement dissolution ( and consequent secondary porosity generation ) to overpressuring , with subsequent cementation in the overlying strata a consequence of pressure [free] .

Her stare would not release him .
her stare would not [free] him .

He remembered the release he had felt when he had first heard the teachings of Akhenaten , which had cut away the rotten trappings of the old beliefs , festooned as they were with the cynical speculation of the priests .
he remembered the [free] he had felt when he had first heard the teachings of akhenaten , which had cut away the rotten trappings of the old beliefs , festooned as they were with the cynical speculation of the priests .

His each wingbeat — a convict 's release .
his each wingbeat — a convict 's [free] .

By comparison the maximum energy release in thermonuclear fusion when hydrogen burns to 56 Fe is only 0.9 per cent of the rest mass energy .
by comparison the maximum energy [free] in thermonuclear fusion when hydrogen burns to 56 fe is only 0.9 per cent of the rest mass energy .

Gravitational energy release is therefore potentially the most important energy source in stellar processes .
gravitational energy [free] is therefore potentially the most important energy source in stellar processes .

When a body orbits a rotating black hole the gravitational energy release can go much higher , reaching 42 per cent of the rest mass energy in favourable cases .
when a body orbits a rotating black hole the gravitational energy [free] can go much higher , reaching 42 per cent of the rest mass energy in favourable cases .

But to reach it she would need to walk within feet of her visitor — and release her grip on the dress with one hand to open the door .
but to reach it she would need to walk within feet of her visitor — and [free] her grip on the dress with one hand to open the door .

And she realised , at last , that the submission she had feared was not surrender , but release .
and she realised , at last , that the submission she had feared was not surrender , but [free] .

Julius did n't release her , though .
julius did n't [free] her , though .

She ached , she burned , and it was Julius doing this to her ; only Julius who could bring the relief and pleasure that would release her from this intense need .
she ached , she burned , and it was julius doing this to her ; only julius who could bring the relief and pleasure that would [free] her from this intense need .

His mouth refused to release hers , and every movement he made sent her spiralling deeper into an apparently bottomless pit of pleasure , it washed over her , saturated her , invaded every one of her nerve-ends until she did n't think she could stand it any more .
his mouth refused to [free] hers , and every movement he made sent her spiralling deeper into an apparently bottomless pit of pleasure , it washed over her , saturated her , invaded every one of her nerve-ends until she did n't think she could stand it any more .

So she nodded in agreement , but he did n't release her wrist .
so she nodded in agreement , but he did n't [free] her wrist .

He wants me , she thought with panic , and then hot on the heels of that thought came another ; he wants me because he 's spent the afternoon and evening with the woman he loves but ca n't have , and so he wants to release some of that frustration on me .
he wants me , she thought with panic , and then hot on the heels of that thought came another ; he wants me because he 's spent the afternoon and evening with the woman he loves but ca n't have , and so he wants to [free] some of that frustration on me .

She tried tugging at his arm , but this time he did n't release her even slightly .
she tried tugging at his arm , but this time he did n't [free] her even slightly .

He parked the car neatly in the space reserved for exhibitors and opened the door before she could release her seatbelt .
he parked the car neatly in the space reserved for exhibitors and opened the door before she could [free] her seatbelt .

Frustration is important in mathematics , for you can not really experience release , that beautiful sense of things falling into place , if you have not previously been confused , feeling that things were out of place .
frustration is important in mathematics , for you can not really experience [free] , that beautiful sense of things falling into place , if you have not previously been confused , feeling that things were out of place .

Might not a debtor legitimately seek release from his creditor ? Could not a promise in effect to forgo this liberty constitute consideration ?
might not a debtor legitimately seek [free] from his creditor ? could not a promise in effect to forgo this liberty constitute consideration ?

She realised that , as she did this , she was almost groaning with her effort to release the horror locked within her .
she realised that , as she did this , she was almost groaning with her effort to [free] the horror locked within her .

Major Braithwaite approached the box and undid the pins to release the tail gate .
major braithwaite approached the box and undid the pins to [free] the tail gate .

There was no deep release of grief , but a tense shuddering of the muscles , a stifled whimpering behind the handkerchief held tightly at Emilia 's face .
there was no deep [free] of grief , but a tense shuddering of the muscles , a stifled whimpering behind the handkerchief held tightly at emilia 's face .

With a sense of release , of invisibility almost , she slipped within its folds .
with a sense of [free] , of invisibility almost , she slipped within its folds .

Unnerved , stricken with terror now , there was no choice ; but the darkness of her tightly shut eyelids offered no release .
unnerved , stricken with terror now , there was no choice ; but the darkness of her tightly shut eyelids offered no [free] .

‘ The man struggled violently to release his arm .
‘ the man struggled violently to [free] his arm .

Alexandra stood up , found she was standing on her own hem , bobbed a little to release herself and confronted a large , commanding woman pulling off brown suede gloves .
alexandra stood up , found she was standing on her own hem , bobbed a little to [free] herself and confronted a large , commanding woman pulling off brown suede gloves .

Wimpey have made it quite clear that they will not release a strip of that land unless they get planning permission to build some houses .
wimpey have made it quite clear that they will not [free] a strip of that land unless they get planning permission to build some houses .

But Charles could prove himself a good lord : when his fidelis ( faithful man ) Adalgar was captured by Charles 's half-sister ( she supported her full brother Lothar in the fraternal conflict of 841 ) and taken to her stronghold of Laon , Charles rode through the night with a small retinue to achieve Adalgar 's release .
but charles could prove himself a good lord : when his fidelis ( faithful man ) adalgar was captured by charles 's half-sister ( she supported her full brother lothar in the fraternal conflict of 841 ) and taken to her stronghold of laon , charles rode through the night with a small retinue to achieve adalgar 's [free] .

There are two themes in the liturgy of the Feast of St John : the first is of release — the opening of Anna 's previously barren womb and of Zacharias 's dumb mouth , the washing away of sin ; the second is of salvation — of baptismal rebirth , foreshadowings ended and prophecies fulfilled through the Coming of Christ .
there are two themes in the liturgy of the feast of st john : the first is of [free] — the opening of anna 's previously barren womb and of zacharias 's dumb mouth , the washing away of sin ; the second is of salvation — of baptismal rebirth , foreshadowings ended and prophecies fulfilled through the coming of christ .

Fish is quite happy being a solo artist and his new album , ‘ Songs from the mirror ’ , is due for release in January .
fish is quite happy being a solo artist and his new album , ‘ songs from the mirror ’ , is due for [free] in january .

She can not live with the knowledge and guilt of several murders , and her eventual death is a blessed release from her suffering .
she can not live with the knowledge and guilt of several murders , and her eventual death is a blessed [free] from her suffering .

Many of the trade union leaders wanted of course to go to the front , but the whole process of organising our production … forbade their release .
many of the trade union leaders wanted of course to go to the front , but the whole process of organising our production … forbade their [free] .

We have , for example , pioneered the re-injection of drilling wastes , so reducing their release at production sites .
we have , for example , pioneered the re-injection of drilling wastes , so reducing their [free] at production sites .

a Prepare a draft press release , and if this includes quotes from the Chairman of the relevant Committee , seek his approval .
a prepare a draft press [free] , and if this includes quotes from the chairman of the relevant committee , seek his approval .

The release should include ‘ Notes for Editors ’ on basic details not suitable for inclusion in the release text , including a contact name and phone number .
the [free] should include ‘ notes for editors ’ on basic details not suitable for inclusion in the [free] text , including a contact name and phone number .

b Send the press release to the Regional Information Office , Regional Chambers , advising which newspapers should be provided with a copy .
b send the press [free] to the regional information office , regional chambers , advising which newspapers should be provided with a copy .

d State whether there is an embargo on the use of the press release , and when the embargo is lifted .
d state whether there is an embargo on the use of the press [free] , and when the embargo is lifted .

e It may also be relevant for the press release to be sent to relevant technical journals .
e it may also be relevant for the press [free] to be sent to relevant technical journals .

17 It will probably be suitable to send the press release to those newspapers considered suitable for placing statutory notices ( see paragraph 11 c ) .
17 it will probably be suitable to send the press [free] to those newspapers considered suitable for placing statutory notices ( see paragraph 11 c ) .

It is also suggested that the release is sent to the Glasgow Herald and the Scottish County Press ; the latter group covers a number of local papers ( some of which are also considered suitable for Statutory Notices , see paragraph 11c ) .
it is also suggested that the [free] is sent to the glasgow herald and the scottish county press ; the latter group covers a number of local papers ( some of which are also considered suitable for statutory notices , see paragraph 11c ) .

There is no guarantee that a press release will actually be printed .
there is no guarantee that a press [free] will actually be printed .

It may be of benefit to contact the newspapers direct , before sending the press release , to encourage interest in the topic .
it may be of benefit to contact the newspapers direct , before sending the press [free] , to encourage interest in the topic .

If it is intended to issue a photograph with the press release , e.g .
if it is intended to issue a photograph with the press [free] , e.g .

Probably a week 's notice is sufficient , with the photographs taken several days before the press release is to be distributed .
probably a week 's notice is sufficient , with the photographs taken several days before the press [free] is to be distributed .

Timing is critical , especially if it is intended that the press release is to be issued before an exhibition is opened , yet the photo is to show the exhibition being opened by the Chairman .
timing is critical , especially if it is intended that the press [free] is to be issued before an exhibition is opened , yet the photo is to show the exhibition being opened by the chairman .

It is very common to find that the combination of the adverbal adjective and its preceding verb can be matched by a single verb , without any change at all in the overall syntactic pattern or in the meaning : 14 ( a ) you should make the string longer you should lengthen the string ( b ) his sister wanted to set the owl free his sister wanted to release the owl or his sister wanted to free the owl ( c ) Liz had knocked her fiancè unconscious Liz had stunned her fiancè ( The same remark can be made of what are plainly close relatives of this construction , namely separable verbs where the second part is an adverb , or `` particle `` , as with put up ( = accommodate ) , or pull off ( = achieve . )
it is very common to find that the combination of the adverbal adjective and its preceding verb can be matched by a single verb , without any change at all in the overall syntactic pattern or in the meaning : 14 ( a ) you should make the string longer you should lengthen the string ( b ) his sister wanted to set the owl free his sister wanted to [free] the owl or his sister wanted to free the owl ( c ) liz had knocked her fiancè unconscious liz had stunned her fiancè ( the same remark can be made of what are plainly close relatives of this construction , namely separable verbs where the second part is an adverb , or `` particle `` , as with put up ( = accommodate ) , or pull off ( = achieve . )

In August to September 1200 the legate Octavian , a trusted curialist , was empowered to release King John from his obligations and also to deal with Philip Augustus and Ingeborg : he was particularly charged with getting Philip Augustus to Otto 's side .
in august to september 1200 the legate octavian , a trusted curialist , was empowered to [free] king john from his obligations and also to deal with philip augustus and ingeborg : he was particularly charged with getting philip augustus to otto 's side .

The communication processes operating in these environments are characterised by a high degree of open-ness within the research centres , coupled with a desire to withhold significant research results from similar research centres elsewhere until the public release of such information can ensure that priority will be accorded to those making the announcement .
the communication processes operating in these environments are characterised by a high degree of open-ness within the research centres , coupled with a desire to withhold significant research results from similar research centres elsewhere until the public [free] of such information can ensure that priority will be accorded to those making the announcement .

And the sole purpose of this corn is not to relieve starvation , but to release onto the market whenever the price rises .
and the sole purpose of this corn is not to relieve starvation , but to [free] onto the market whenever the price rises .

Release and re-arrest of Chihana
[free] and re-arrest of chihana

As expected , Chihana was re-arrested within three days of his release , and charged with sedition .
as expected , chihana was re-arrested within three days of his [free] , and charged with sedition .

The High Court ruled on June 30 , however , that a pardon conferred on the Black Moslems at the time in return for the release of hostages and signed by the President of the Senate and the then acting head of state Joseph Emmanuel Carter , absolved them of any crimes .
the high court ruled on june 30 , however , that a pardon conferred on the black moslems at the time in return for the [free] of hostages and signed by the president of the senate and the then acting head of state joseph emmanuel carter , absolved them of any crimes .

President César Gaviria Trujillo declared a state of emergency , or " internal disturbance " , on July 10-16 , during which time he issued decrees to pre-empt the release from prison of suspected members of the Medellín cocaine cartel .
president césar gaviria trujillo declared a state of emergency , or " internal disturbance " , on july 10-16 , during which time he issued decrees to pre-empt the [free] from prison of suspected members of the medellín cocaine cartel .

Release of political dissident
[free] of political dissident

Release of hostages
[free] of hostages

Following their release the surrender of Medellín cartel leader Pablo Escobar Gaviria was reported to be imminent .
following their [free] the surrender of medellín cartel leader pablo escobar gaviria was reported to be imminent .

Asia Watch report on dissident trials — Release of dissident union leaders
asia watch report on dissident trials — [free] of dissident union leaders

In a highly critical report on the Punjab released on May 10 the international human rights organization Amnesty International claimed that over 10,000 Sikhs were being detained in the state without trial [ see p. 38151 for April announcement of release from detention of Sikh youths detained for minor offences ] .
in a highly critical report on the punjab released on may 10 the international human rights organization amnesty international claimed that over 10,000 sikhs were being detained in the state without trial [ see p. 38151 for april announcement of [free] from detention of sikh youths detained for minor offences ] .

On the day of Baker 's arrival in Israel the Defence Ministry announces the release of as many as 1,300 Palestinians detained in connection with the intifada .
on the day of baker 's arrival in israel the defence ministry announces the [free] of as many as 1,300 palestinians detained in connection with the intifada .

It was reported on Nov. 26 that lawyers acting for the convicted Nazi war criminal , Klaus Barbie , were seeking his release on humanitarian grounds , claiming that he was suffering from cancer [ for Barbie 's 1987 trial see p. 35417 ] .
it was reported on nov. 26 that lawyers acting for the convicted nazi war criminal , klaus barbie , were seeking his [free] on humanitarian grounds , claiming that he was suffering from cancer [ for barbie 's 1987 trial see p. 35417 ] .

Release of Gerhardt
[free] of gerhardt

An indemnity committee considered that he had spied for political reasons and was thus eligible for release under the government 's indemnity programme .
an indemnity committee considered that he had spied for political reasons and was thus eligible for [free] under the government 's indemnity programme .

Federal judge Kimba Wood explained the reduction — which made Milken eligible for release in March 1993 — on the grounds of his full co-operation with the authorities , his good behaviour in prison and the illness of one of his children .
federal judge kimba wood explained the reduction — which made milken eligible for [free] in march 1993 — on the grounds of his full co-operation with the authorities , his good behaviour in prison and the illness of one of his children .

Release of detainees
[free] of detainees

Release of rebel leaders — Informal talks with communist insurgents
[free] of rebel leaders — informal talks with communist insurgents

On Aug. 14 , Georgian National Guard detachments were deployed in Abkhazia , following a televised address by Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze , in which he warned that all measures would be employed to secure the release of Interior Minister Roman Gventsadze and other officials , who had been taken hostage on Aug. 11 by supporters of ousted Georgian President Zviad Gamsakhurdia .
on aug. 14 , georgian national guard detachments were deployed in abkhazia , following a televised address by georgian president eduard shevardnadze , in which he warned that all measures would be employed to secure the [free] of interior minister roman gventsadze and other officials , who had been taken hostage on aug. 11 by supporters of ousted georgian president zviad gamsakhurdia .

The kidnapped officials had gone to negotiate the release of hostages captured in July , including deputy Prime Minister Aleksandr Kavsadze [ see p. 39019 ] .
the kidnapped officials had gone to negotiate the [free] of hostages captured in july , including deputy prime minister aleksandr kavsadze [ see p. 39019 ] .

Orsini , known as `` the shepherd `` , had `` retired `` to his home village of Moncale , near Calvi , in May 1992 , following his release from prison for lack of evidence relating to an alleged cocaine-smuggling racket .
orsini , known as `` the shepherd `` , had `` retired `` to his home village of moncale , near calvi , in may 1992 , following his [free] from prison for lack of evidence relating to an alleged cocaine-smuggling racket .

On Aug. 23 , the eve of the resumption of peace process negotiations , the Israeli Prime Minister 's office announced the release of 800 Palestinian prisoners .
on aug. 23 , the eve of the resumption of peace process negotiations , the israeli prime minister 's office announced the [free] of 800 palestinian prisoners .

The organization planned to release a further report on atrocities committed by the Croatian forces against Serbs .
the organization planned to [free] a further report on atrocities committed by the croatian forces against serbs .

Release of detainees and POWs
[free] of detainees and pows

There was some speculation that the action had been part of ongoing Israeli efforts to secure the release of servicemen missing in Lebanon .
there was some speculation that the action had been part of ongoing israeli efforts to secure the [free] of servicemen missing in lebanon .

After their release they said that they had been `` kidnapped `` by the authorities after two of them had written to the King warning of a plot by Col. Ahmed Dlimi , then one of his key advisers .
after their [free] they said that they had been `` kidnapped `` by the authorities after two of them had written to the king warning of a plot by col. ahmed dlimi , then one of his key advisers .

The conditions in which they had been kept in the notorious Tazmamert prison had been so appalling that they had had to be transferred to a hospital for medical treatment to make them fit for release .
the conditions in which they had been kept in the notorious tazmamert prison had been so appalling that they had had to be transferred to a hospital for medical treatment to make them fit for [free] .

In a New Year message to the King , published in Rabat , the Moroccan capital , on Jan. 4 , French President François Mitterrand expressed his " deepest gratitude " for the brothers ' release , but on French television on Jan. 5 the Minister-Delegate for Humanitarian Action , Bernard Kouchner , described the affair as " scandalous " and " revolting " .
in a new year message to the king , published in rabat , the moroccan capital , on jan. 4 , french president françois mitterrand expressed his " deepest gratitude " for the brothers ' [free] , but on french television on jan. 5 the minister-delegate for humanitarian action , bernard kouchner , described the affair as " scandalous " and " revolting " .

The United Kingdom Prime Minister John Major , who was in telephone contact with Yeltsin during the evening of Aug. 20 , endorsed Yeltsin 's demands for Gorbachev 's release .
the united kingdom prime minister john major , who was in telephone contact with yeltsin during the evening of aug. 20 , endorsed yeltsin 's demands for gorbachev 's [free] .

It called on Slovenia to comply fully with the ceasefire , to relinquish control of its international borders by noon on July 7 , to release all army prisoners and equipment , to withdraw its armed units by midnight on July 4 and to lift the blockade of army units by noon on July 5 .
it called on slovenia to comply fully with the ceasefire , to relinquish control of its international borders by noon on july 7 , to [free] all army prisoners and equipment , to withdraw its armed units by midnight on july 4 and to lift the blockade of army units by noon on july 5 .

In response to this vote , Collor had reportedly endorsed the release of a public statement by the military ministers in the Cabinet , signed by 80 generals , criticizing the Congress decision and emphasising that members of the Congress and judiciary had recently awarded themselves a pay increase of 37 per cent .
in response to this vote , collor had reportedly endorsed the [free] of a public statement by the military ministers in the cabinet , signed by 80 generals , criticizing the congress decision and emphasising that members of the congress and judiciary had recently awarded themselves a pay increase of 37 per cent .

On Aug. 5 government forces secured the release of an aid worker from New Zealand who had been abducted on Aug. 1 by a gang operating in the west of Peshawar .
on aug. 5 government forces secured the [free] of an aid worker from new zealand who had been abducted on aug. 1 by a gang operating in the west of peshawar .

Soviet delegation in Pakistan — Release of Soviet prisoner of war
soviet delegation in pakistan — [free] of soviet prisoner of war

Abduction and release of aid worker
abduction and [free] of aid worker

Release of Aceh detainees
[free] of aceh detainees

Release of Jimmy Stevens
[free] of jimmy stevens

Release of hostages — Search for comprehensive hostage deal
[free] of hostages — search for comprehensive hostage deal

The release of two Western hostages in Lebanon in early August led to hopes of an imminent comprehensive hostage deal .
the [free] of two western hostages in lebanon in early august led to hopes of an imminent comprehensive hostage deal .

Release of McCarthy
[free] of mccarthy

Kidnapping and release of Leyraud
kidnapping and [free] of leyraud

Jerome Leyraud , a French worker for the relief agency Médécins du Monde , was kidnapped in West Beirut only hours after McCarthy 's release on Aug. 8 , apparently by a radical Shia faction opposed to the release of hostages , but he was released unharmed at dawn on Aug. 11 .
jerome leyraud , a french worker for the relief agency médécins du monde , was kidnapped in west beirut only hours after mccarthy 's [free] on aug. 8 , apparently by a radical shia faction opposed to the [free] of hostages , but he was released unharmed at dawn on aug. 11 .

Release of Tracey
[free] of tracey

The letter called for the release of all detainees in the prisons of `` occupied Palestine `` ( Israel ) and Europe in return for the release of Western hostages in Lebanon .
the letter called for the [free] of all detainees in the prisons of `` occupied palestine `` ( israel ) and europe in return for the [free] of western hostages in lebanon .

In the letter Islamic Jihad called on Pérez de Cuéllar `` to make a personal endeavour , in the framework of a comprehensive solution , to secure the release of all detainees around the world `` .
in the letter islamic jihad called on pérez de cuéllar `` to make a personal endeavour , in the framework of a comprehensive solution , to secure the [free] of all detainees around the world `` .

The fact that the assassination coincided with the release in Lebanon of the British hostage John McCarthy [ see p. 38405 ] fuelled speculation that it had been sanctioned by opponents of the Iranian government critical of its current conciliatory attitude towards the West [ see pp.38212 ; 38309 ] and of its role in pressing for an early resolution of the hostage crisis .
the fact that the assassination coincided with the [free] in lebanon of the british hostage john mccarthy [ see p. 38405 ] fuelled speculation that it had been sanctioned by opponents of the iranian government critical of its current conciliatory attitude towards the west [ see pp.38212 ; 38309 ] and of its role in pressing for an early resolution of the hostage crisis .

Earlier , a draft formula prepared by a 26-party committee and submitted to conference participants on Aug. 2 had envisaged , as minimum conditions for elections , ( i ) the immediate lifting of the state of siege ; ( ii ) the release of political detainees ; and ( iii ) the creation of a consultative mechanism between the government and political parties .
earlier , a draft formula prepared by a 26-party committee and submitted to conference participants on aug. 2 had envisaged , as minimum conditions for elections , ( i ) the immediate lifting of the state of siege ; ( ii ) the [free] of political detainees ; and ( iii ) the creation of a consultative mechanism between the government and political parties .

Release of political detainees
[free] of political detainees

Release of political prisoners
[free] of political prisoners

Release of Damascus Declaration
[free] of damascus declaration

New Prime Minister — Release of former minister
new prime minister — [free] of former minister

Release of Rurangaranga
[free] of rurangaranga

Following their release , a police officer was quoted by a local newspaper as saying that he had been forced to sign a statement implicating them in the murders .
following their [free] , a police officer was quoted by a local newspaper as saying that he had been forced to sign a statement implicating them in the murders .

Release of Belgian hostages
[free] of belgian hostages

The decision to release the hostages came in response to appeals by the Libyan leader Col. Moamer al-Kadhafi .
the decision to [free] the hostages came in response to appeals by the libyan leader col. moamer al-kadhafi .

Release of German hostages
[free] of german hostages

The release was believed to have come about after the new Lebanese Prime Minister Rashid al-Solh persuaded the Iranian government to put pressure on the Lebanese Hezbollah group .
the [free] was believed to have come about after the new lebanese prime minister rashid al-solh persuaded the iranian government to put pressure on the lebanese hezbollah group .

The release of the Germans meant that there were no more Europeans or north Americans remaining as hostages , although a number of Lebanese and other Middle Eastern nationals , and one woman of joint Canadian and Lebanese nationality , were still held hostage .
the [free] of the germans meant that there were no more europeans or north americans remaining as hostages , although a number of lebanese and other middle eastern nationals , and one woman of joint canadian and lebanese nationality , were still held hostage .

Demonstrators in the capital , Tiraspol , demanded the release by Sept. 3 of the chairman of the Dnestr Supreme Soviet , Igor Smirnov , who had been arrested in Kiev on Aug. 29 by the Moldavan Interior Ministry for suspected support of the coup .
demonstrators in the capital , tiraspol , demanded the [free] by sept. 3 of the chairman of the dnestr supreme soviet , igor smirnov , who had been arrested in kiev on aug. 29 by the moldavan interior ministry for suspected support of the coup .

Ending of hunger strike by dissident — Release of Hong Kong businessman
ending of hunger strike by dissident — [free] of hong kong businessman

According to a joint communiqué issued on Sept. 18 , a number of confidence-building measures were agreed including the release of detained Thai and Vietnamese fishermen and the granting of Thai citizenship to Vietnamese nationals who had fled to Thailand during the first Indo-China war .
according to a joint communiqué issued on sept. 18 , a number of confidence-building measures were agreed including the [free] of detained thai and vietnamese fishermen and the granting of thai citizenship to vietnamese nationals who had fled to thailand during the first indo-china war .

Release and reimprisonment of Sampson
[free] and reimprisonment of sampson

On Sept. 6 the Cypriot Supreme Court ordered the release of Nicos Sampson , leader of the short-lived right-wing regime whose seizure of power in the 1974 coup had precipitated the Turkish invasion [ see pp .
on sept. 6 the cypriot supreme court ordered the [free] of nicos sampson , leader of the short-lived right-wing regime whose seizure of power in the 1974 coup had precipitated the turkish invasion [ see pp .

Release of Arab prisoners and hostage negotiations
[free] of arab prisoners and hostage negotiations

Progress in the hostage exchange deal had been held up , since the release in August of Edward Tracey [ see p. 38405 ] , by Israel 's refusal to make unilateral gestures without receiving information on seven Israeli servicemen listed as missing in action .
progress in the hostage exchange deal had been held up , since the [free] in august of edward tracey [ see p. 38405 ] , by israel 's refusal to make unilateral gestures without receiving information on seven israeli servicemen listed as missing in action .

Uri Lubrani , Israel 's chief negotiator , confirmed that further information about the missing Israelis would be met by the release of more prisoners and bodies .
uri lubrani , israel 's chief negotiator , confirmed that further information about the missing israelis would be met by the [free] of more prisoners and bodies .

Release of Mann
[free] of mann

Hopes of securing the release of Western hostages with the help of Iranian mediation resurfaced after Rafsanjani was quoted on Sept. 12 as saying that Iran would `` do whatever is possible `` to help Pérez de Cuéllar negotiate an end to the hostage crisis .
hopes of securing the [free] of western hostages with the help of iranian mediation resurfaced after rafsanjani was quoted on sept. 12 as saying that iran would `` do whatever is possible `` to help pérez de cuéllar negotiate an end to the hostage crisis .

French prisoners also protested in July 1990 at overcrowding and specifically at Mitterrand 's decision on July 27 , 1990 , to release Anis Naccache ( as well as four others connected with his case ) , who had in 1982 been sentenced to life imprisonment for the attempted murder in 1980 of the former Iranian Prime Minister Shapour Bakhtiar ] [ see pp. 30631-32 ; for links with Lebanese hostage issue see p. 36632 ; for August 1991 murder of Bachtiar see p. 38409 ] .
french prisoners also protested in july 1990 at overcrowding and specifically at mitterrand 's decision on july 27 , 1990 , to [free] anis naccache ( as well as four others connected with his case ) , who had in 1982 been sentenced to life imprisonment for the attempted murder in 1980 of the former iranian prime minister shapour bakhtiar ] [ see pp. 30631-32 ; for links with lebanese hostage issue see p. 36632 ; for august 1991 murder of bachtiar see p. 38409 ] .

Release of 1981 coup plotter
[free] of 1981 coup plotter

With the end of the Gulf war and the release of inflation figures for February showing an annualized rate of 5.9 per cent , base rates were reduced to 13.5 per cent on March 15 , and after the April figures showed that this rate of inflation had been maintained rates were further reduced to 12.75 per cent on May 16 .
with the end of the gulf war and the [free] of inflation figures for february showing an annualized rate of 5.9 per cent , base rates were reduced to 13.5 per cent on march 15 , and after the april figures showed that this rate of inflation had been maintained rates were further reduced to 12.75 per cent on may 16 .

Following the release of the `` Guildford Four `` in October 1989 [ see p. 36983 ] a number of earlier convictions in connection with extremist attacks were overturned .
following the [free] of the `` guildford four `` in october 1989 [ see p. 36983 ] a number of earlier convictions in connection with extremist attacks were overturned .

As this deadline expired , Mandela told a mass rally in Johannesburg city hall that the government had failed to meet its obligations , and promised `` mass action `` to secure the release of remaining political detainees .
as this deadline expired , mandela told a mass rally in johannesburg city hall that the government had failed to meet its obligations , and promised `` mass action `` to secure the [free] of remaining political detainees .

Also on April 30 , de Klerk told Parliament that he had ordered the release of 933 political prisoners since 1990 , and that those still in prison would be freed within days .
also on april 30 , de klerk told parliament that he had ordered the [free] of 933 political prisoners since 1990 , and that those still in prison would be freed within days .

There remained the release of all political prisoners and the end of the Group Areas Act and the Population Registration Act , due to be repealed during the current parliamentary session [ see pp .
there remained the [free] of all political prisoners and the end of the group areas act and the population registration act , due to be repealed during the current parliamentary session [ see pp .

Release of Sadiq al-Mahdi
[free] of sadiq al-mahdi

The press release stated that most of the elements of a market-based economic system were in place in Laos .
the press [free] stated that most of the elements of a market-based economic system were in place in laos .

Prisoners under sentence of death ( numbering some 256 ) were reprieved ; together with an estimated 43,000 other prisoners serving lighter sentences , they became eligible for release after minimum periods of imprisonment which varied according to the crimes committed and sentences received .
prisoners under sentence of death ( numbering some 256 ) were reprieved ; together with an estimated 43,000 other prisoners serving lighter sentences , they became eligible for [free] after minimum periods of imprisonment which varied according to the crimes committed and sentences received .

New measures to combat intifada — Deportation orders against Fatah activists — Release of detainees
new measures to combat intifada — deportation orders against fatah activists — [free] of detainees

The United Kingdom Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd welcomed Cooper 's release as `` an important step `` [ for resumption of UK-Iranian diplomatic relations in September 1990 see p. 37727 ] .
the united kingdom foreign secretary douglas hurd welcomed cooper 's [free] as `` an important step `` [ for resumption of uk-iranian diplomatic relations in september 1990 see p. 37727 ] .

The daily newspaper Jomhuriye Eslami of April 3 reproached the judiciary for `` the unexpected release `` of Cooper and `` the failure to provide the public with information `` .
the daily newspaper jomhuriye eslami of april 3 reproached the judiciary for `` the unexpected [free] `` of cooper and `` the failure to provide the public with information `` .

In doing so , however , he admitted for the first time that he had made `` every effort `` to obtain the release of the hostages .
in doing so , however , he admitted for the first time that he had made `` every effort `` to obtain the [free] of the hostages .

Release of French hostages — Heath mission — Other hostage developments
[free] of french hostages — heath mission — other hostage developments

The army was deployed against demonstrators calling for an end to one-party rule and the release of detainees .
the army was deployed against demonstrators calling for an end to one-party rule and the [free] of detainees .

On Oct. 23 , during a demonstration in Mogadishu calling for the release of political prisoners and protesting against high food prices , two civilians and one policeman were killed and 36 civilians wounded following violent clashes between protesters and police .
on oct. 23 , during a demonstration in mogadishu calling for the [free] of political prisoners and protesting against high food prices , two civilians and one policeman were killed and 36 civilians wounded following violent clashes between protesters and police .

Release of Japanese seamen
[free] of japanese seamen

The ruling effectively voided the British legal notion of the `` discretionary `` life sentence , under which the Home Office had the power to extend prisoners ' actual terms in gaol , or detain them again after an initial release ( known as `` release under licence `` ) if they were deemed to be a danger to society .
the ruling effectively voided the british legal notion of the `` discretionary `` life sentence , under which the home office had the power to extend prisoners ' actual terms in gaol , or detain them again after an initial [free] ( known as `` [free] under licence `` ) if they were deemed to be a danger to society .

Removal of Gen. Aoun — Release of Shiite " hostages "
removal of gen. aoun — [free] of shiite " hostages "

Release of Shiite " hostages " from Khiyam — Press interview with Fadlallah
[free] of shiite " hostages " from khiyam — press interview with fadlallah

The release of Shiites from Khiyam had long been demanded by Iran and Hezbollah .
the [free] of shiites from khiyam had long been demanded by iran and hezbollah .

The Tehran Times of Oct. 3 stated that if the West pressured Israel to release more detainees `` it can be hopeful that the problem of hostages in Lebanon will be solved by the end of the current year `` .
the tehran times of oct. 3 stated that if the west pressured israel to [free] more detainees `` it can be hopeful that the problem of hostages in lebanon will be solved by the end of the current year `` .

Demand for release of former Iranian minister
demand for [free] of former iranian minister

On Oct. 22 Mohammad Ali Nazaran , the Iranian representative on the tripartite Iranian-Iraqi-ICRC commission charged with supervising the exchange of prisoners , demanded that Iraq `` release immediately `` Mohammad Javad Tondguyan , who had been appointed Iranian Oil Minister in September 1980 [ see p. 30630 ] and captured by an Iraqi military patrol shortly after the outbreak of the Iran-Iraq war [ see p. 31008 ] .
on oct. 22 mohammad ali nazaran , the iranian representative on the tripartite iranian-iraqi-icrc commission charged with supervising the exchange of prisoners , demanded that iraq `` [free] immediately `` mohammad javad tondguyan , who had been appointed iranian oil minister in september 1980 [ see p. 30630 ] and captured by an iraqi military patrol shortly after the outbreak of the iran-iraq war [ see p. 31008 ] .

On Dec. 22 , 1989 , a senior West German official announced that 28 West German secret agents and 90 political prisoners ( mostly imprisoned for trying to flee the country ) had been released from East German prisons and sent to West Germany in exchange for the release of two former senior West German government secretaries , Elke Falk [ see p. 36046 ] and Margret Hocke , who had `` spied for love `` , and two East German agents .
on dec. 22 , 1989 , a senior west german official announced that 28 west german secret agents and 90 political prisoners ( mostly imprisoned for trying to flee the country ) had been released from east german prisons and sent to west germany in exchange for the [free] of two former senior west german government secretaries , elke falk [ see p. 36046 ] and margret hocke , who had `` spied for love `` , and two east german agents .

Honecker ( arrested in December but released on Jan. 4 , 1990 — see p. 37107 ) was moved to a Berlin prison on Jan. 29 upon his release from hospital [ see p. 37172 ] .
honecker ( arrested in december but released on jan. 4 , 1990 — see p. 37107 ) was moved to a berlin prison on jan. 29 upon his [free] from hospital [ see p. 37172 ] .

Release of prisoners
[free] of prisoners

Opposition spokesman Richard Andriamanjato told Radio France International on July 29 that conditions for talks with the government included the release of opposition leaders arrested in the days before Ratsiraka 's statement and agreement on the participation of opposition members in a new government . ``
opposition spokesman richard andriamanjato told radio france international on july 29 that conditions for talks with the government included the [free] of opposition leaders arrested in the days before ratsiraka 's statement and agreement on the participation of opposition members in a new government . ``

Speaking on television on July 7 , he said : `` At no time did anyone in the campaign , connected with the campaign , associated with the campaign , meet or negotiate or agree or conspire with anyone to delay the release of the hostages . ``
speaking on television on july 7 , he said : `` at no time did anyone in the campaign , connected with the campaign , associated with the campaign , meet or negotiate or agree or conspire with anyone to delay the [free] of the hostages . ``

Release of political prisoner
[free] of political prisoner

Membership would entail the release of detailed information on the Soviet economy , and observers saw the publication of Gosbank ( Soviet State Bank ) accounts on July 16 for the first time since 1936 as the beginnings of this .
membership would entail the [free] of detailed information on the soviet economy , and observers saw the publication of gosbank ( soviet state bank ) accounts on july 16 for the first time since 1936 as the beginnings of this .

Release of political prisoners
[free] of political prisoners

Following the arrest of Imanyara , the United States State Department had issued a press statement on March 1 , calling for his immediate release .
following the arrest of imanyara , the united states state department had issued a press statement on march 1 , calling for his immediate [free] .

The newly elected chairman of the Law Society of Kenya , Paul Muite , called in his inaugural address on March 10 for the legalization of Odinga 's party , for political pluralism and for the release of three political prisoners .
the newly elected chairman of the law society of kenya , paul muite , called in his inaugural address on march 10 for the legalization of odinga 's party , for political pluralism and for the [free] of three political prisoners .

Release of Sabah Chief Minister 's aide
[free] of sabah chief minister 's aide

The official claimed that Petrauskas had received orders from Moscow to release Butkevicius .
the official claimed that petrauskas had received orders from moscow to [free] butkevicius .

Release of Birmingham Six
[free] of birmingham six

The imminent release of the `` Birmingham Six `` was widely seen as a foregone conclusion after Sir Allan Green , the Director of Public Prosecutions , said at a preliminary hearing of the appeal on Feb. 7 that the Crown no longer sought to uphold the convictions on the basis of the scientific evidence .
the imminent [free] of the `` birmingham six `` was widely seen as a foregone conclusion after sir allan green , the director of public prosecutions , said at a preliminary hearing of the appeal on feb. 7 that the crown no longer sought to uphold the convictions on the basis of the scientific evidence .

Although the decision on Feb. 18 to release the men had caused an outcry , the subsequent overruling of the decision was criticized by lawyers .
although the decision on feb. 18 to [free] the men had caused an outcry , the subsequent overruling of the decision was criticized by lawyers .

Rulings in February by the supreme appeal court in Rome , presided over by magistrate Corrado Carnevale , meant that a number of Mafia leaders convicted of murder , drug-trafficking and other offences became eligible for release .
rulings in february by the supreme appeal court in rome , presided over by magistrate corrado carnevale , meant that a number of mafia leaders convicted of murder , drug-trafficking and other offences became eligible for [free] .

Demanded Iraqi acceptance of all 12 previous relevant resolutions [ see p. 37870 ] , the repeal of all laws annexing Iraq , the acceptance of liability under international law for damage done to Kuwait , and the release of all civilian detainees .
demanded iraqi acceptance of all 12 previous relevant resolutions [ see p. 37870 ] , the repeal of all laws annexing iraq , the acceptance of liability under international law for damage done to kuwait , and the [free] of all civilian detainees .

Called on Iraq to cease hostile actions , to send military commanders to discuss the cessation of hostilities , to arrange immediate access to and release of all prisoners of war , and to assist in identifying all mines , booby traps and other explosives .
called on iraq to cease hostile actions , to send military commanders to discuss the cessation of hostilities , to arrange immediate access to and [free] of all prisoners of war , and to assist in identifying all mines , booby traps and other explosives .

Release of pro-Arafat Palestinian prisoners from Syria
[free] of pro-arafat palestinian prisoners from syria

Release of family of Gen. Oufkir
[free] of family of gen. oufkir

Police on Oct. 18 secured the release of Khemlata Wakhloo , former Jammu and Kashmir Tourism Minister , and her husband , who were abducted by the pro-Pakistani organization Hizbullah [ see p. 38439 ] .
police on oct. 18 secured the [free] of khemlata wakhloo , former jammu and kashmir tourism minister , and her husband , who were abducted by the pro-pakistani organization hizbullah [ see p. 38439 ] .

Negotiations on and release of hostages
negotiations on and [free] of hostages

Release of priests and bishops
[free] of priests and bishops

Gaidar ( as Deputy Premier in charge of economic reform — see below for his transfer to the Finance Ministry ) pledged government help for the farmers , promising that they would continue to be eligible for preferential loans , and that a draft bill to release farmers ' sons from military service was in preparation .
gaidar ( as deputy premier in charge of economic reform — see below for his transfer to the finance ministry ) pledged government help for the farmers , promising that they would continue to be eligible for preferential loans , and that a draft bill to [free] farmers ' sons from military service was in preparation .

Advertisements were placed in the International Herald Tribune , the Washington Post and the New York Times at the end of January , purporting to announce that several well-known figures were withdrawing their support from a campaign backed by the human rights organization Amnesty International for the release from prison of Mohammed al-Fassi .
advertisements were placed in the international herald tribune , the washington post and the new york times at the end of january , purporting to announce that several well-known figures were withdrawing their support from a campaign backed by the human rights organization amnesty international for the [free] from prison of mohammed al-fassi .

Jonah and Petrovsky were to be assisted by Giandomenico Picco ( Italy , who had been involved in negotiations for the release of hostages in Lebanon — see pp .
jonah and petrovsky were to be assisted by giandomenico picco ( italy , who had been involved in negotiations for the [free] of hostages in lebanon — see pp .

During his visit Kozyrev made a plea for the release of Russian prisoners of war ( POWs ) believed to be held by the mujaheddin .
during his visit kozyrev made a plea for the [free] of russian prisoners of war ( pows ) believed to be held by the mujaheddin .

Kenjayev resigned both as Chair of the Supreme Soviet and as Presidium member on April 22 on the release by the opposition of 16 deputies and two deputy ministers whom it had taken hostage on April 21 ( having issued an ultimatum ) ; they were released when they agreed to press for Kenjayev 's resignation .
kenjayev resigned both as chair of the supreme soviet and as presidium member on april 22 on the [free] by the opposition of 16 deputies and two deputy ministers whom it had taken hostage on april 21 ( having issued an ultimatum ) ; they were released when they agreed to press for kenjayev 's resignation .

Release of Judith Ward
[free] of judith ward

Release of Israelis
[free] of israelis

On the same day the recently formed Civic Alliance of extraparliamentary opposition groupings held its inaugural congress , electing as chair student leader Marian Munteanu [ for his arrest and subsequent release see p. 37665 ] .
on the same day the recently formed civic alliance of extraparliamentary opposition groupings held its inaugural congress , electing as chair student leader marian munteanu [ for his arrest and subsequent [free] see p. 37665 ] .

In an announcement on Dec. 6 President Saddam Hussein ordered the release of all Western hostages held in Iraq and Kuwait [ see pp. 37638-39 ] .
in an announcement on dec. 6 president saddam hussein ordered the [free] of all western hostages held in iraq and kuwait [ see pp. 37638-39 ] .

Both sides agreed to stop all attacks ; to establish an independent commission to examine the `` violent acts and losses `` suffered in the fighting ; and to release all detainees .
both sides agreed to stop all attacks ; to establish an independent commission to examine the `` violent acts and losses `` suffered in the fighting ; and to [free] all detainees .

The Privy Council in London on Nov. 26 granted a right to an immediate hearing of the application by 116 black Moslems to the Trinidadian courts for their release from prison .
the privy council in london on nov. 26 granted a right to an immediate hearing of the application by 116 black moslems to the trinidadian courts for their [free] from prison .

Release of dissidents
[free] of dissidents

Imprisonment of Amnesty member — Release of political prisoners
imprisonment of amnesty member — [free] of political prisoners

Release of Soviet POWs
[free] of soviet pows

On Dec. 18 Rutskoi had met Iranian leaders to urge their government `` to use its influence to secure the release of [ Soviet ] prisoners held by the Afghan mujaheddin `` .
on dec. 18 rutskoi had met iranian leaders to urge their government `` to use its influence to secure the [free] of [ soviet ] prisoners held by the afghan mujaheddin `` .

With the release of Anderson only two Western hostages remained in Lebanon , German aid workers Thomas Kemptner and Heinrich Strubig , who had both been kidnapped in May 1989 [ see p. 36671 ] .
with the [free] of anderson only two western hostages remained in lebanon , german aid workers thomas kemptner and heinrich strubig , who had both been kidnapped in may 1989 [ see p. 36671 ] .

On Dec. 26 a previously unknown group , the Strugglers for Freedom , released a video cassette of the two Germans , and in a message accompanying the video the group called for the release of the two Hamadei brothers .
on dec. 26 a previously unknown group , the strugglers for freedom , released a video cassette of the two germans , and in a message accompanying the video the group called for the [free] of the two hamadei brothers .

Release of Moslem fundamentalists
[free] of moslem fundamentalists

Health officers meeting — Release of " Outlook "
health officers meeting — [free] of " outlook "

The strikers , supported by left-wing parties outside the government coalition , were demanding the release of all political prisoners still imprisoned from the Pinochet regime , despite an earlier expression of hope by President Aylwin that all such detainees would be released before the end of the year .
the strikers , supported by left-wing parties outside the government coalition , were demanding the [free] of all political prisoners still imprisoned from the pinochet regime , despite an earlier expression of hope by president aylwin that all such detainees would be released before the end of the year .

Balza , who put down the December 1990 rebellion by the right-wing carapintadas faction of the army [ see p. 37913 ] , declined to comment on former Col. Mohamed Ali Seineldin whose release from prison the attempted coup had been intended to force .
balza , who put down the december 1990 rebellion by the right-wing carapintadas faction of the army [ see p. 37913 ] , declined to comment on former col. mohamed ali seineldin whose [free] from prison the attempted coup had been intended to force .

Arrangements for their release were in hand but would depend on individual cases and the implications for public order .
arrangements for their [free] were in hand but would depend on individual cases and the implications for public order .

The release of all civilian detainees and prisoners of war was agreed at the Paris talks but a number of practical difficulties impeded the process .
the [free] of all civilian detainees and prisoners of war was agreed at the paris talks but a number of practical difficulties impeded the process .

Release of dissident writer
[free] of dissident writer

Release of dissidents
[free] of dissidents

Punjab — Release of Romanian diplomat
punjab — [free] of romanian diplomat

Waite , a British citizen and special envoy of the Archbishop of Canterbury , had been seized on Jan. 20 , 1987 , while on a mission to secure the release other hostages [ see p. 35024 ] .
waite , a british citizen and special envoy of the archbishop of canterbury , had been seized on jan. 20 , 1987 , while on a mission to secure the [free] other hostages [ see p. 35024 ] .

Release of UK-held Iraqi assets
[free] of uk-held iraqi assets

Release of military detainees
[free] of military detainees

Under the terms of the Record of Understanding the government , having already released some 150 prisoners late on Sept. 25 as a gesture of good faith , undertook to complete the phased release of all political prisoners by Nov. 15 .
under the terms of the record of understanding the government , having already released some 150 prisoners late on sept. 25 as a gesture of good faith , undertook to complete the phased [free] of all political prisoners by nov. 15 .

Release of prisoners
[free] of prisoners

Sept. 28 saw the simultaneous release of two of the most notorious prisoners , Robert McBride and Barend Strydom .
sept. 28 saw the simultaneous [free] of two of the most notorious prisoners , robert mcbride and barend strydom .

Guzmán would remain potentially highly dangerous , even in prison , because his followers could be expected to use all possible means to try to force his release .
guzmán would remain potentially highly dangerous , even in prison , because his followers could be expected to use all possible means to try to force his [free] .

The note demanded an apology for the incident , compensation for the relatives of those killed , and the immediate release of a man abducted by the raiders .
the note demanded an apology for the incident , compensation for the relatives of those killed , and the immediate [free] of a man abducted by the raiders .

Israel had sought his release as part of negotiations for the freedom of Western hostages held in Lebanon .
israel had sought his [free] as part of negotiations for the freedom of western hostages held in lebanon .

Reported release of Atasi
reported [free] of atasi

He was placed under military arrest in early September and was retained in army custody , despite a civilian judge 's order for his immediate release .
he was placed under military arrest in early september and was retained in army custody , despite a civilian judge 's order for his immediate [free] .

Following negotiations with Justice Minister Mauricio Correa Lima on Nov. 10 , Guajajara Indians on the Canabrava reserve in the north-eastern state of Maranhao agreed to release 400 peasant farmers whom they were holding as hostages in return for a government pledge to remove 2,400 settlers and to relocate their village , Sao Pedro de Cacetes , off the reserve .
following negotiations with justice minister mauricio correa lima on nov. 10 , guajajara indians on the canabrava reserve in the north-eastern state of maranhao agreed to [free] 400 peasant farmers whom they were holding as hostages in return for a government pledge to remove 2,400 settlers and to relocate their village , sao pedro de cacetes , off the reserve .

Release of leading dissident — Official pronouncement on number of " counter-revolutionaries " held in prison
[free] of leading dissident — official pronouncement on number of " counter-revolutionaries " held in prison

Portugal ( which ruled East Timor until the Indonesian annexation in 1975 ) called for Gusmao 's release and offered him asylum .
portugal ( which ruled east timor until the indonesian annexation in 1975 ) called for gusmao 's [free] and offered him asylum .

Release of Nicu Ceausescu
[free] of nicu ceausescu

Imprisonment and subsequent release of Islamist deputies
imprisonment and subsequent [free] of islamist deputies

Release of prisoners-of-war by Iran
[free] of prisoners-of-war by iran

Release in Zimbabwe of South African spy
[free] in zimbabwe of south african spy

Laying of charges against two leading dissidents — Release of dissident writer
laying of charges against two leading dissidents — [free] of dissident writer

The prosecution claimed that the bombing had been committed as part of a nationwide campaign of terror to secure the release from an Indian prison of the Anand Marg 's founder , Prabhat Sarkar , known as Baba .
the prosecution claimed that the bombing had been committed as part of a nationwide campaign of terror to secure the [free] from an indian prison of the anand marg 's founder , prabhat sarkar , known as baba .

It proposed a long term strategy to `` release the energies of ordinary people by enabling them to take charge of their lives `` , noting that agriculture remained the `` primary foundation for growth `` and emphasizing food security rather than food self-sufficiency .
it proposed a long term strategy to `` [free] the energies of ordinary people by enabling them to take charge of their lives `` , noting that agriculture remained the `` primary foundation for growth `` and emphasizing food security rather than food self-sufficiency .

Meanwhile , the Israeli government indicated that it was prepared to discuss the demand for Yassin 's release if it was given assurances that Toledano was alive .
meanwhile , the israeli government indicated that it was prepared to discuss the demand for yassin 's [free] if it was given assurances that toledano was alive .

Release of Tuareg prisoners
[free] of tuareg prisoners

While welcoming his release the Mexican authorities stressed that it did not resolve the issues surrounding his abduction .
while welcoming his [free] the mexican authorities stressed that it did not resolve the issues surrounding his abduction .

About 50 women , demanding the release of 52 political prisoners , had begun a hunger strike in Nairobi 's Uhuru Park on Feb. 28 .
about 50 women , demanding the [free] of 52 political prisoners , had begun a hunger strike in nairobi 's uhuru park on feb. 28 .

Although their demands centred on pay issues , the troops also called for the release and rehabilitation of Capt .
although their demands centred on pay issues , the troops also called for the [free] and rehabilitation of capt .

Leaflets , posters and graffiti were reported extolling the leader of the attempted coup , Lt.-Col. Hugo Chávez Frías , who continued to release public statements from the San Carlos garrison in northern Caracas .
leaflets , posters and graffiti were reported extolling the leader of the attempted coup , lt.-col. hugo chávez frías , who continued to [free] public statements from the san carlos garrison in northern caracas .

Release of final batch of prisoners
[free] of final batch of prisoners

Vogel had negotiated the release of over 34,000 prisoners whose freedom was bought by West Germany , had arranged for some 250,000 people to leave East Germany and had also arranged spy swaps .
vogel had negotiated the [free] of over 34,000 prisoners whose freedom was bought by west germany , had arranged for some 250,000 people to leave east germany and had also arranged spy swaps .

Release of Abie Nathan
[free] of abie nathan

Announcement of release of political prisoners
announcement of [free] of political prisoners

The Middle East Economic Digest of April 10 reported that Mohammad Harbah , the Interior Minister , had announced the release of some 600 `` mainly political prisoners `` in late March to mark the start of Assad 's fourth term .
the middle east economic digest of april 10 reported that mohammad harbah , the interior minister , had announced the [free] of some 600 `` mainly political prisoners `` in late march to mark the start of assad 's fourth term .

In December the government had announced the release of over 2,800 political prisoners [ see p. 38695 ] , although there had been no independent confirmation that all had been freed .
in december the government had announced the [free] of over 2,800 political prisoners [ see p. 38695 ] , although there had been no independent confirmation that all had been freed .

The amnesty covered all crimes committed to date under the country 's security and military legislation , and was agreed under the terms of the accord which committed both sides to release all but common criminals .
the amnesty covered all crimes committed to date under the country 's security and military legislation , and was agreed under the terms of the accord which committed both sides to [free] all but common criminals .

The officials had travelled into Myanma to secure the release of a number of Thai villagers detained since August .
the officials had travelled into myanma to secure the [free] of a number of thai villagers detained since august .

The Bangkok Post of Oct. 7 claimed that the 10 had been detained `` in order to bargain for the release of 21 Burmese [ Myanman ] troops detained in Thailand `` .
the bangkok post of oct. 7 claimed that the 10 had been detained `` in order to bargain for the [free] of 21 burmese [ myanman ] troops detained in thailand `` .

The Thai government immediately demanded the release of the officials , but the situation was complicated by the outbreak of fighting in the area between Myanman troops and Karen rebels .
the thai government immediately demanded the [free] of the officials , but the situation was complicated by the outbreak of fighting in the area between myanman troops and karen rebels .

Release of former mayor
[free] of former mayor

On Oct. 24 a group of deputies from the House of Representatives , trade union leaders and human rights activists petitioned King Hussein to release Shbeilat and Qarrash , both of whom had started a hunger strike in mid-October .
on oct. 24 a group of deputies from the house of representatives , trade union leaders and human rights activists petitioned king hussein to [free] shbeilat and qarrash , both of whom had started a hunger strike in mid-october .

Release of rebels
[free] of rebels

Release of details on political prisoner
[free] of details on political prisoner

Release of political prisoners — Announcement of national convention
[free] of political prisoners — announcement of national convention

Release of Nicos Sampson
[free] of nicos sampson

Dec. 6 Saddam Hussein orders release of all Western hostages in Iraq and Kuwait .
dec. 6 saddam hussein orders [free] of all western hostages in iraq and kuwait .

In its first act the Constitutional Assembly denounced the use of violence , calling on guerrillas still fighting to renounce armed struggle , and asking the Medellín cartel to release the three remaining journalists they were holding as hostages [ see pp .
in its first act the constitutional assembly denounced the use of violence , calling on guerrillas still fighting to renounce armed struggle , and asking the medellín cartel to [free] the three remaining journalists they were holding as hostages [ see pp .

No-one was hurt in the incident , and there was only a slight release of radioactivity ( 0.134 curies , according to Japanese authorities ) into the atmosphere .
no-one was hurt in the incident , and there was only a slight [free] of radioactivity ( 0.134 curies , according to japanese authorities ) into the atmosphere .

Release of more political prisoners
[free] of more political prisoners

The Forum statement , reported by Tirana radio home service , also called for the immediate release of an estimated 107 political prisoners still in detention .
the forum statement , reported by tirana radio home service , also called for the immediate [free] of an estimated 107 political prisoners still in detention .

Controversy over release of Palestinians
controversy over [free] of palestinians

Responding to criticism from other political parties in his coalition government , Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti stressed that the two men , Mohammed Issa Abbas and Youssouf Ahmed Saad , had secured release about two years early as part of a general amnesty programme ; it was " fantasy " , he said , to suggest that their freeing only two weeks before the outbreak of hostilities in the Gulf was aimed at protecting Italy from terrorist attacks .
responding to criticism from other political parties in his coalition government , prime minister giulio andreotti stressed that the two men , mohammed issa abbas and youssouf ahmed saad , had secured [free] about two years early as part of a general amnesty programme ; it was " fantasy " , he said , to suggest that their freeing only two weeks before the outbreak of hostilities in the gulf was aimed at protecting italy from terrorist attacks .

In a press release issued on Feb. 21 the human rights organization Amnesty International said that it had continued to receive reports of the use of torture and of the death penalty in Saudi Arabia since the start of the Gulf war .
in a press [free] issued on feb. 21 the human rights organization amnesty international said that it had continued to receive reports of the use of torture and of the death penalty in saudi arabia since the start of the gulf war .

In November Nelson Mandela , deputy president of the African National Congress , visited Swaziland for the first time since his February release .
in november nelson mandela , deputy president of the african national congress , visited swaziland for the first time since his february [free] .

Some thirty years ago the Henniker-Heaton report on Day Release made several pertinent observations about vocational training and education .
some thirty years ago the henniker-heaton report on day [free] made several pertinent observations about vocational training and education .

These are programmes that release screens of information or sources at timed intervals .
these are programmes that [free] screens of information or sources at timed intervals .

As important as any of the functions of popular recreation was the simple element of `` carnival `` introducing moments of release into hard and humdrum lives .
as important as any of the functions of popular recreation was the simple element of `` carnival `` introducing moments of [free] into hard and humdrum lives .

Release dessert from the tin , sprinkle with cocoa and draw lines with a skewer .
[free] dessert from the tin , sprinkle with cocoa and draw lines with a skewer .

for release from the moeity of the one fifteenth part , or measure , of the copper raised .
for [free] from the moeity of the one fifteenth part , or measure , of the copper raised .

The manner of articulation of an affricate consonant starts with a complete structure , like a plosive , but continues with a comparatively gradual release with friction .
the manner of articulation of an affricate consonant starts with a complete structure , like a plosive , but continues with a comparatively gradual [free] with friction .

Unlike plosive , the release stage of affricates can never be omitted , eg which chairs contains no unexploded allophone as does bad dog .
unlike plosive , the [free] stage of affricates can never be omitted , eg which chairs contains no unexploded allophone as does bad dog .

The British Government despatched Hormuzd Rassam , an official of Armenian descent at the Residency at Aden , to negotiate their release ; he too was imprisoned .
the british government despatched hormuzd rassam , an official of armenian descent at the residency at aden , to negotiate their [free] ; he too was imprisoned .

Finally in 1868 the British Government , at an eventual cost of ten million pounds , sent General Sir Robert Napier from India , with an army of sixteen thousand men including elephants to carry the guns , to release the captives .
finally in 1868 the british government , at an eventual cost of ten million pounds , sent general sir robert napier from india , with an army of sixteen thousand men including elephants to carry the guns , to [free] the captives .

Tithonus directly begs the Gods to release him from their grip and let him die .
tithonus directly begs the gods to [free] him from their grip and let him die .

Release me and restore me to the ground ;
[free] me and restore me to the ground ;

The severalfold increase of the local release of myeloperoxidase in patients should reflect the increased neutrophil accumulation/activity in the inflamed colonic-rectal mucosa .
the severalfold increase of the local [free] of myeloperoxidase in patients should reflect the increased neutrophil accumulation/activity in the inflamed colonic-rectal mucosa .

Previous investigators have also shown , by tissue extraction , an increased release of neutrophil granule constituents in the inflamed mucosa in ulcerative colitis .
previous investigators have also shown , by tissue extraction , an increased [free] of neutrophil granule constituents in the inflamed mucosa in ulcerative colitis .

Of these , 44 had been taking delayed release mesalazine as the sole maintenance treatment for at least six months .
of these , 44 had been taking delayed [free] mesalazine as the sole maintenance treatment for at least six months .

Thirty four patients had been maintained on delayed release mesalazine for a minimum of six months and 28 had been maintained on long term sulphasalazine .
thirty four patients had been maintained on delayed [free] mesalazine for a minimum of six months and 28 had been maintained on long term sulphasalazine .

Recently , a number of cases of nephrotoxicity have been reported in patients taking delayed release mesalazine .
recently , a number of cases of nephrotoxicity have been reported in patients taking delayed [free] mesalazine .

In this study we have assessed renal function in a group of patients who have been maintained on delayed release mesalazine from six months to over six years .
in this study we have assessed renal function in a group of patients who have been maintained on delayed [free] mesalazine from six months to over six years .

It is unlikely that the effect of cholesteryl esters on pancreatic lysosomes is an artefact related to release of free fatty acids during preparation or incubation of phosphatidylcholine vesicles .
it is unlikely that the effect of cholesteryl esters on pancreatic lysosomes is an artefact related to [free] of free fatty acids during preparation or incubation of phosphatidylcholine vesicles .

It is conceivable that the observed destabilising effect of cholesteryl esters on lysosomes could be an indirect one , possibly mediated by disruption of zymogen granules in the lysosome enriched fraction and release of their contents .
it is conceivable that the observed destabilising effect of cholesteryl esters on lysosomes could be an indirect one , possibly mediated by disruption of zymogen granules in the lysosome enriched fraction and [free] of their contents .

Administration of indomethacin caused no decrease in the glucose induced insulin release in our preparation confirming previous studies .
administration of indomethacin caused no decrease in the glucose induced insulin [free] in our preparation confirming previous studies .

Thus , treatment with cyclooyxgenase inhibitors has been reported to augment or to suppress glucose induced insulin release .
thus , treatment with cyclooyxgenase inhibitors has been reported to augment or to suppress glucose induced insulin [free] .

Ketotifen may prevent the release of the inflammatory mediators from mast cells as well as from other inflammatory cells .
ketotifen may prevent the [free] of the inflammatory mediators from mast cells as well as from other inflammatory cells .

The quality of anal continence was assessed clinically by two doctors who questioned each patient about faecal leakage by day and during sleep , the need to wear a pad , anal soreness , the ability to defer defecation for longer than 15 minutes , and the ability not only to discriminate between flatus and faeces but to release flatus safely without having to visit the lavatory .
the quality of anal continence was assessed clinically by two doctors who questioned each patient about faecal leakage by day and during sleep , the need to wear a pad , anal soreness , the ability to defer defecation for longer than 15 minutes , and the ability not only to discriminate between flatus and faeces but to [free] flatus safely without having to visit the lavatory .

The cellular mechanisms underlying this reaction are not clearly understood ; they probably entail the triggering of inflammatory reactions by the release of reactive species generated by ionising radiation .
the cellular mechanisms underlying this reaction are not clearly understood ; they probably entail the triggering of inflammatory reactions by the [free] of reactive species generated by ionising radiation .

The site of the neutrophil chemoattractant ( s ) , whether luminal or mucosal , may be important since , on contact with a chemoattractant , neutrophils cause indiscriminate damage to their immediate surroundings by generating reactive oxygen species and by lysosomal enzyme release .
the site of the neutrophil chemoattractant ( s ) , whether luminal or mucosal , may be important since , on contact with a chemoattractant , neutrophils cause indiscriminate damage to their immediate surroundings by generating reactive oxygen species and by lysosomal enzyme [free] .

On contact with the chemoattractant they form oxygen free radical species and there is release of lysosomal enzymes after phagocytosis .
on contact with the chemoattractant they form oxygen free radical species and there is [free] of lysosomal enzymes after phagocytosis .

Concomitant phagocytosis internalises the chemoattractant for further degradation with subsequent lysosomal enzyme release .
concomitant phagocytosis internalises the chemoattractant for further degradation with subsequent lysosomal enzyme [free] .

Pure ethanol given by any route does not cause release of gastrin in humans .
pure ethanol given by any route does not cause [free] of gastrin in humans .

Alcoholic beverages with low ethanol content ( beer and wine ) and strong stimulants of gastric acid secretion and gastrin release , the effect of beer being equal to the maximal acid output .
alcoholic beverages with low ethanol content ( beer and wine ) and strong stimulants of gastric acid secretion and gastrin [free] , the effect of beer being equal to the maximal acid output .

Beverages with a higher ethanol content ( whisky , gin , cognac ) do not stimulate gastric acid secretion or release of gastrin .
beverages with a higher ethanol content ( whisky , gin , cognac ) do not stimulate gastric acid secretion or [free] of gastrin .

Effect of acute exposure to alcohol on gastrin release
effect of acute exposure to alcohol on gastrin [free]

Pure ethanol does not stimulate gastrin release in humans .
pure ethanol does not stimulate gastrin [free] in humans .

Their inability to stimulate gastrin release .
their inability to stimulate gastrin [free] .

Beverages with concentrations above that in wine ( 10 % -12 % ) failed to release gastrin or to stimulate acid .
beverages with concentrations above that in wine ( 10 % -12 % ) failed to [free] gastrin or to stimulate acid .

Release of gastric acid inhibitors such as somatostatin .
[free] of gastric acid inhibitors such as somatostatin .

Intravenous infusion of ethanol has not been shown to release measurable amounts of somatostatin but this does not exclude the possibility that somatostatin may mediate the inhibitory effect on the parietal cells .
intravenous infusion of ethanol has not been shown to [free] measurable amounts of somatostatin but this does not exclude the possibility that somatostatin may mediate the inhibitory effect on the parietal cells .

Prostaglandins inhibit acid secretion and their synthesis and release by gastric mucosal cells is enhanced by exposure to ethanol .
prostaglandins inhibit acid secretion and their synthesis and [free] by gastric mucosal cells is enhanced by exposure to ethanol .

The strong release of gastrin stimulated by these beverages is clearly an important mediator of this response but it is possible that they may have a direct effect on the parietal cell as well .
the strong [free] of gastrin stimulated by these beverages is clearly an important mediator of this response but it is possible that they may have a direct effect on the parietal cell as well .

What exactly the non-ethanolic components of beer and wine that stimulate gastrin release are unclear .
what exactly the non-ethanolic components of beer and wine that stimulate gastrin [free] are unclear .

Effect of chronic alcoholism on gastrin release
effect of chronic alcoholism on gastrin [free]

There is only one study ( published as an abstract ) that reports on the effect of alcohol on gastrin release in the chronic alcoholic patients .
there is only one study ( published as an abstract ) that reports on the effect of alcohol on gastrin [free] in the chronic alcoholic patients .

In this study Hajnal et al found a noticeably impaired gastrin release in response to a meal , ethanol , and wine .
in this study hajnal et al found a noticeably impaired gastrin [free] in response to a meal , ethanol , and wine .

Although the gastrin release in response to wine was diminished compared with controls it was still higher than the response to ethanol .
although the gastrin [free] in response to wine was diminished compared with controls it was still higher than the response to ethanol .

This should be conducted soon after admission to hospital to assess the effect of commonly consumed alcoholic beverages on gastrin release and gastric acid secretion and the results should be compared with gastric histology .
this should be conducted soon after admission to hospital to assess the effect of commonly consumed alcoholic beverages on gastrin [free] and gastric acid secretion and the results should be compared with gastric histology .

Conventional neurotransmitters such as acetylcholine and noradrenaline are stored in membrane bound vesicles before their release from presynaptic nerves , and they influence postsynpatic cells by interacting with membrane bound receptors on the cell surface .
conventional neurotransmitters such as acetylcholine and noradrenaline are stored in membrane bound vesicles before their [free] from presynaptic nerves , and they influence postsynpatic cells by interacting with membrane bound receptors on the cell surface .

As parietal cells release acid into the lumen of the stomach , they release bicarbonate into the systemic circulation .
as parietal cells [free] acid into the lumen of the stomach , they [free] bicarbonate into the systemic circulation .

Patrassi et al postulated that the enhanced fibrinolysis in ascites induced by alcohol was due to increased release of tissue plasminogen activator from the mesothelium , and Wilde et al were able to quench this fibrinolytic activity with the addition to the ascites of antibody to tissue plasminogen activator .
patrassi et al postulated that the enhanced fibrinolysis in ascites induced by alcohol was due to increased [free] of tissue plasminogen activator from the mesothelium , and wilde et al were able to quench this fibrinolytic activity with the addition to the ascites of antibody to tissue plasminogen activator .

Gastritis with atrophy and the consequent loss of acid mediated inhibition of gastrin release contributes most to this increase .
gastritis with atrophy and the consequent loss of acid mediated inhibition of gastrin [free] contributes most to this increase .

In the case of gastrin , cell lines derived from colorectal carcinomas have recently been shown to contain gastrin mRNA , and some human colorectal cancers in short term tissue culture release a peptide into the culture medium which appears to have the immunological characteristics of gastrin .
in the case of gastrin , cell lines derived from colorectal carcinomas have recently been shown to contain gastrin mrna , and some human colorectal cancers in short term tissue culture [free] a peptide into the culture medium which appears to have the immunological characteristics of gastrin .

Thus , concentrations of zinc and copper may not correlate with concentrations of protons because the pH could have two opposing effects — it could facilitate the transfer of zinc and copper into gastric juice at a high pH but then only release them from mucus at low pH .
thus , concentrations of zinc and copper may not correlate with concentrations of protons because the ph could have two opposing effects — it could facilitate the transfer of zinc and copper into gastric juice at a high ph but then only [free] them from mucus at low ph .

We have examined the hypothesis that the release of tissue type plasminogen activator may play a prominent role in endothelin induced gastric mucosal injury .
we have examined the hypothesis that the [free] of tissue type plasminogen activator may play a prominent role in endothelin induced gastric mucosal injury .

Endothelin-1 increased the tissue type plasminogen activator release and platelet activating factor formation , and induced subsequent gastric mucosal haemorrhagic change in a dose dependent manner .
endothelin-1 increased the tissue type plasminogen activator [free] and platelet activating factor formation , and induced subsequent gastric mucosal haemorrhagic change in a dose dependent manner .

Of interest , it was recently reported that endothelin-1 and -3 can induce the release of tissue type plasminogen activator from endothelial cells .
of interest , it was recently reported that endothelin-1 and -3 can induce the [free] of tissue type plasminogen activator from endothelial cells .

Endotoxins could then activate monocytes with the release of cytokines ( tumour necrosis factor and interleukin-1 ) resulting in an inflammatory cascade and the systemic clinical and biochemical features of inflammatory bowel disease .
endotoxins could then activate monocytes with the [free] of cytokines ( tumour necrosis factor and interleukin-1 ) resulting in an inflammatory cascade and the systemic clinical and biochemical features of inflammatory bowel disease .

It has been reported that pancreatic acinar cells , stimulated by caerulein or cholecystokinin , release substantial amounts of platelet activating factor .
it has been reported that pancreatic acinar cells , stimulated by caerulein or cholecystokinin , [free] substantial amounts of platelet activating factor .

From our laboratory , it has previously been reported that the acid stimulatory effect of gastrin can be fully explained by the stimulation of histamine release .
from our laboratory , it has previously been reported that the acid stimulatory effect of gastrin can be fully explained by the stimulation of histamine [free] .

Gastrin induced histamine release in a concentration-dependent fashion with threshold concentration of 2 pmol/l and reaching a maximum effect at a gastrin concentration of about 260–520 pmol/ l .
gastrin induced histamine [free] in a concentration-dependent fashion with threshold concentration of 2 pmol/l and reaching a maximum effect at a gastrin concentration of about 260–520 pmol/ l .

These immunohistochemical observations were in good agremeent with results obtained for IgG subclass synthesis revealed by spontaneous release from dispersed intestinal mononuclear cells .
these immunohistochemical observations were in good agremeent with results obtained for igg subclass synthesis revealed by spontaneous [free] from dispersed intestinal mononuclear cells .

This effect , however , may in some way be related to urethane 's cytostatic action and urethane 's ability to augment synthesis and release of somatostatin and to reduce gastrin release and acid secretion in the rat stomach .
this effect , however , may in some way be related to urethane 's cytostatic action and urethane 's ability to augment synthesis and [free] of somatostatin and to reduce gastrin [free] and acid secretion in the rat stomach .

The release of colonic regulatory peptides by bile salts does make physiological sense .
the [free] of colonic regulatory peptides by bile salts does make physiological sense .

In the presence of exogenous acetylcholine a normal sweat response should therefore be expected even if nerve degeneration precludes adequate transmitter release .
in the presence of exogenous acetylcholine a normal sweat response should therefore be expected even if nerve degeneration precludes adequate transmitter [free] .

direct her simple wilful heart , release
direct her simple wilful heart , [free]

The Government 's low standing in the polls meant that the debate on policy and public relations , which was to be replied to by Norman Fowler , the chairman of the Party , would no doubt release a flood of anxiety and complaint .
the government 's low standing in the polls meant that the debate on policy and public relations , which was to be replied to by norman fowler , the chairman of the party , would no doubt [free] a flood of anxiety and complaint .

Wullie Robertson 's arrest and release on bail was made much of .
wullie robertson 's arrest and [free] on bail was made much of .

Indeed , at that very moment , Robertson , who had spent the morning since his release drinking black Nescafe in an attempt to clear his head , was handing out drafts of speeches which he wished his mates to make in that debate .
indeed , at that very moment , robertson , who had spent the morning since his [free] drinking black nescafe in an attempt to clear his head , was handing out drafts of speeches which he wished his mates to make in that debate .

Once she had stripped , her body suit became more obvious , and there was a general release of breath .
once she had stripped , her body suit became more obvious , and there was a general [free] of breath .

Documentation will be confidential to the teacher or group until it has been agreed to release it .
documentation will be confidential to the teacher or group until it has been agreed to [free] it .

Release is negotiable and may be restricted .
[free] is negotiable and may be restricted .

In doing this it would have been helpful to include profitability or value added as the independent variable but in all countries there were many companies which did not know or would not release these figures in relation to individual products .
in doing this it would have been helpful to include profitability or value added as the independent variable but in all countries there were many companies which did not know or would not [free] these figures in relation to individual products .

But he opposed any suggestion that representatives of the environmental movement might sit on the technical committees set up to decide on the safety of any release of genetically manipulated organisms into the environment .
but he opposed any suggestion that representatives of the environmental movement might sit on the technical committees set up to decide on the safety of any [free] of genetically manipulated organisms into the environment .

This script began with Aunt Lilian 's release from the shabby asylum in which she had been held for decades .
this script began with aunt lilian 's [free] from the shabby asylum in which she had been held for decades .

The incarcerated aunt lodged , on her release , with her nephew Hugh ( James Fox ) and his wife Harriet ( Geraldine James ) .
the incarcerated aunt lodged , on her [free] , with her nephew hugh ( james fox ) and his wife harriet ( geraldine james ) .

They had threatened to blow up the plane unless their demands for the release of political prisoners were met , but the deadline of 6pm passed without incident .
they had threatened to blow up the plane unless their demands for the [free] of political prisoners were met , but the deadline of 6pm passed without incident .

She relies heavily on tip-offs , in turn alerting county and metropolitan records offices about historic company records due for release by liquidators .
she relies heavily on tip-offs , in turn alerting county and metropolitan records offices about historic company records due for [free] by liquidators .

For example , when one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms combine to form a molecule of water , there is a release of energy .
for example , when one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms combine to form a molecule of water , there is a [free] of energy .

Complaint was made in 1383 that persons accused of Forest offences were being imprisoned without indictment in due legal form , and detained by the Forest officers until they paid fines for their release .
complaint was made in 1383 that persons accused of forest offences were being imprisoned without indictment in due legal form , and detained by the forest officers until they paid fines for their [free] .

But when the justice minister who had agreed to her release himself fell from favour , she was reimprisoned and had to serve a further ten months before being rereleased .
but when the justice minister who had agreed to her [free] himself fell from favour , she was reimprisoned and had to serve a further ten months before being rereleased .

Death had been a merciful release for him .
death had been a merciful [free] for him .

One of the Unitel films you have allowed Polygram to release is your Salzburg Otello , with Jon Vickers .
one of the unitel films you have allowed polygram to [free] is your salzburg otello , with jon vickers .

On his release Ivan Foster went to Fermanagh and started meetings in Lisbellaw near Enniskillen .
on his [free] ivan foster went to fermanagh and started meetings in lisbellaw near enniskillen .

In 1866 , William Johnson of Ballykilbegs led a banned march , was sent to prison , and on his release was elected to Parliament by Protestant voters .
in 1866 , william johnson of ballykilbegs led a banned march , was sent to prison , and on his [free] was elected to parliament by protestant voters .

And there was no way he could be prevailed upon to release it without an embarrassing fracas in front of the judge !
and there was no way he could be prevailed upon to [free] it without an embarrassing fracas in front of the judge !

Follow this ‘ teaser ’ with a second release giving full details of who , when and where , and follow it up again by a phone call checking that the right person has got the material .
follow this ‘ teaser ’ with a second [free] giving full details of who , when and where , and follow it up again by a phone call checking that the right person has got the material .

Fourth , do n't always do a news release on all the grass roots activities .
fourth , do n't always do a news [free] on all the grass roots activities .

After the release of stills from The Delinquents movie , she 's been likened to sex-icon Marilyn Monroe and it is a comparison that Kylie does n't wish to deny .
after the [free] of stills from the delinquents movie , she 's been likened to sex-icon marilyn monroe and it is a comparison that kylie does n't wish to deny .

The philosophy presupposed , first , that the Iranian regime contained officials of reason and moderation with whom America could do business , and that these officials would intercede with the terrorist Hizbollah to release the American hostages they held in Beirut .
the philosophy presupposed , first , that the iranian regime contained officials of reason and moderation with whom america could do business , and that these officials would intercede with the terrorist hizbollah to [free] the american hostages they held in beirut .

Hakim , left behind in Frankfurt in October to arrange some sort of deal , ended up with a promise of 1 ½ ( sic ) hostages in exchange for 1,500 TOWs and pressure for the release of 17 terrorists held in Kuwait .
hakim , left behind in frankfurt in october to arrange some sort of deal , ended up with a promise of 1 ½ ( sic ) hostages in exchange for 1,500 tows and pressure for the [free] of 17 terrorists held in kuwait .

Thus Prince Bandar of Saudi Arabia , walking in a garden with McFarlane , could hear — naturally as birdsong — that the contras needed $ 1m a month ; he could pass the word to his uncle , the King ; the King could give the money ; and Reagan would release the Stinger anti-aircraft missiles needed by Saudi Arabia , not in explicit exchange ( nothing so crude ) , but as a reciprocal gesture of princely generosity .
thus prince bandar of saudi arabia , walking in a garden with mcfarlane , could hear — naturally as birdsong — that the contras needed $ 1m a month ; he could pass the word to his uncle , the king ; the king could give the money ; and reagan would [free] the stinger anti-aircraft missiles needed by saudi arabia , not in explicit exchange ( nothing so crude ) , but as a reciprocal gesture of princely generosity .

It was an office memorandum much like any other , entitled ‘ Release of American Hostages in Beirut ’ : closely typed in best office prose , and with no cover sheet .
it was an office memorandum much like any other , entitled ‘ [free] of american hostages in beirut ’ : closely typed in best office prose , and with no cover sheet .

The testimony also coincided with the British release of Commander Bond 's latest venture , The Living Daylights ; in one of the nicest reversals of reality , some reviewers compared Bond to North , rather than vice-versa .
the testimony also coincided with the british [free] of commander bond 's latest venture , the living daylights ; in one of the nicest reversals of reality , some reviewers compared bond to north , rather than vice-versa .

North told his colleagues that the release of the hostages was a personal obligation on himself , and that seemed not to put it too strongly .
north told his colleagues that the [free] of the hostages was a personal obligation on himself , and that seemed not to put it too strongly .

The ‘ fundamental perpetual change in the world ’ that North insisted the Americans were aiming for was tied , in fact , to a general and international release of hostages , and the Iranians knew it .
the ‘ fundamental perpetual change in the world ’ that north insisted the americans were aiming for was tied , in fact , to a general and international [free] of hostages , and the iranians knew it .

Release of the hostages , he jotted down in his notebooks , was ‘ the greatest Christian task ’ .
[free] of the hostages , he jotted down in his notebooks , was ‘ the greatest christian task ’ .

God was not brought into his messages about Nicaragua , the burning public crusade ; but the release of the hostages was evidently something that needed frequent and private intercession , by Poindexter and McFarlane too , at the least .
god was not brought into his messages about nicaragua , the burning public crusade ; but the [free] of the hostages was evidently something that needed frequent and private intercession , by poindexter and mcfarlane too , at the least .

Release could only come if and when he finished his long apologia .
[free] could only come if and when he finished his long apologia .

Triumphant ejaculation and healing release .
triumphant ejaculation and healing [free] .

‘ If [ Fujimori ] had a script to do grievous harm to the country today , tomorrow and for years to come , this would be it , ’ said Gustavo Gorriti , a prominent Peruvian journalist , exhausted after his release from police custody .
‘ if [ fujimori ] had a script to do grievous harm to the country today , tomorrow and for years to come , this would be it , ’ said gustavo gorriti , a prominent peruvian journalist , exhausted after his [free] from police custody .

That was the time when there was a clamour to release the dogs of war and to send out Mrs Thatcher with a fully-loaded handbag .
that was the time when there was a clamour to [free] the dogs of war and to send out mrs thatcher with a fully-loaded handbag .

This may be caused when capsaicin triggers the release of endorphins , the body 's natural painkillers .
this may be caused when capsaicin triggers the [free] of endorphins , the body 's natural painkillers .

Mr Kenneth Clarke , the new Home Secretary , was faced with demands yesterday to release from prison a campaigner for Sikh independence who has been under threat of deportation to India .
mr kenneth clarke , the new home secretary , was faced with demands yesterday to [free] from prison a campaigner for sikh independence who has been under threat of deportation to india .

they release the parties from the duty of living together on grounds of cruelty or misconduct ; but a divorce in the modern sense , which allows the parties to marry again , is not recognized by the medieval church in the case of any marriage which is originally valid .
they [free] the parties from the duty of living together on grounds of cruelty or misconduct ; but a divorce in the modern sense , which allows the parties to marry again , is not recognized by the medieval church in the case of any marriage which is originally valid .

Indeed , socialism was expected to release the dynamic qualities of the British people that would create the wealth needed to sustain standards of living and world power .
indeed , socialism was expected to [free] the dynamic qualities of the british people that would create the wealth needed to sustain standards of living and world power .

The Quebec clause , giving Britain a veto over an American use of the atomic bomb against third parties , was dropped in exchange for the release of Britain from the clause restricting her commercial exploitation of atomic energy .
the quebec clause , giving britain a veto over an american use of the atomic bomb against third parties , was dropped in exchange for the [free] of britain from the clause restricting her commercial exploitation of atomic energy .

Righting the economy demanded major cuts in Defence spending and the release of skilled manpower from the Services to export-orientated industries .
righting the economy demanded major cuts in defence spending and the [free] of skilled manpower from the services to export-orientated industries .

They take the intensity of soul and clench it into a fist rather than using it as a form of release .
they take the intensity of soul and clench it into a fist rather than using it as a form of [free] .

Perhaps for this reason , traditional fishermen generally try to release alive any captured dolphins , but if they are inside the net when it is closed , they may become entangled or trapped and drown .
perhaps for this reason , traditional fishermen generally try to [free] alive any captured dolphins , but if they are inside the net when it is closed , they may become entangled or trapped and drown .

The dolphin flesh is destined for local meat markets , and although Japanese scientists have often appealed to fishermen to release young animals , they are generally ignored since tender infant dolphin meat fetches the highest prices .
the dolphin flesh is destined for local meat markets , and although japanese scientists have often appealed to fishermen to [free] young animals , they are generally ignored since tender infant dolphin meat fetches the highest prices .

Taiwanese residents who were members of the Hawaiian-based group Earthtrust contacted the Honolulu headquarters , and within a few days , an international team , led by Michael Bailey , arrived at Penghu to negotiate for the release of the remaining animals .
taiwanese residents who were members of the hawaiian-based group earthtrust contacted the honolulu headquarters , and within a few days , an international team , led by michael bailey , arrived at penghu to negotiate for the [free] of the remaining animals .

The next challenge was how to secure their release .
the next challenge was how to secure their [free] .

They managed to convince the authorities that the dolphin kills were bad publicity , and that the release of some dolphins would be seen as partial atonement for the brutal killings which had already taken place .
they managed to convince the authorities that the dolphin kills were bad publicity , and that the [free] of some dolphins would be seen as partial atonement for the brutal killings which had already taken place .

However , the mayoral offer of money for the dolphins ' release was not forthcoming , and much of the goodwill between fishermen , villagers and conservationists evaporated .
however , the mayoral offer of money for the dolphins ' [free] was not forthcoming , and much of the goodwill between fishermen , villagers and conservationists evaporated .

When the net has been pursed and brought to the side of the boat , the seiner can release the tension on the headrope of the net by the backdown procedure , which enables the back of the net with the finer mesh to sink and makes it easier for dolphins to escape , while the tuna continue to swim around in the net below .
when the net has been pursed and brought to the side of the boat , the seiner can [free] the tension on the headrope of the net by the backdown procedure , which enables the back of the net with the finer mesh to sink and makes it easier for dolphins to escape , while the tuna continue to swim around in the net below .

This misleading term tends to conceal the fact that dolphins are intentionally located , chased , harassed and encircled with a fishing net , from which attempts may not be made to release them .
this misleading term tends to conceal the fact that dolphins are intentionally located , chased , harassed and encircled with a fishing net , from which attempts may not be made to [free] them .

Sometime in the future belugas will return to a clean St Lawrence River , either naturally or by a programme of capture and release from other wild populations .
sometime in the future belugas will return to a clean st lawrence river , either naturally or by a programme of capture and [free] from other wild populations .

Mr Winchester 's guide somewhat spoils that last triumph by showing him a press release — written , of course , on a Macintosh — from a man who had followed Balboa 's footsteps two months earlier .
mr winchester 's guide somewhat spoils that last triumph by showing him a press [free] — written , of course , on a macintosh — from a man who had followed balboa 's footsteps two months earlier .

The government refuses to release a Scotland Yard report on the death , and is instead running its own commission of inquiry .
the government refuses to [free] a scotland yard report on the death , and is instead running its own commission of inquiry .

To serve , ease the mousse away from the edges of the mould , then invert it onto a serving plate and shake firmly to release the mousse .
to serve , ease the mousse away from the edges of the mould , then invert it onto a serving plate and shake firmly to [free] the mousse .

To release the aroma and flavour of the coffee beans , they must be roasted , the process which also gives them their brown colouring .
to [free] the aroma and flavour of the coffee beans , they must be roasted , the process which also gives them their brown colouring .

Bay leaves should always be broken to release their flavour which is mainly contained in the stalk .
bay leaves should always be broken to [free] their flavour which is mainly contained in the stalk .

can be green or black and are a collection of aromatic seeds contained in a pod which must be split to release the full flavour .
can be green or black and are a collection of aromatic seeds contained in a pod which must be split to [free] the full flavour .

There is indeed something godlike about carbon , its omni-presence in all things living and dead , the grand cycles of time that move it in its vehicular form carbon dioxide between land , sea and air , the fertility it provides and its release by fire .
there is indeed something godlike about carbon , its omni-presence in all things living and dead , the grand cycles of time that move it in its vehicular form carbon dioxide between land , sea and air , the fertility it provides and its [free] by fire .

And in the West , too , there is a roll-call of man-made horrors , among them the explosion at the Flixborough chemical works on Humberside and the dioxin release at Seveso ( Italy ) , which caused the poisoning of thousands of acres of farmland and the deaths of many more thousands of cattle .
and in the west , too , there is a roll-call of man-made horrors , among them the explosion at the flixborough chemical works on humberside and the dioxin [free] at seveso ( italy ) , which caused the poisoning of thousands of acres of farmland and the deaths of many more thousands of cattle .

Frequent visits to the Noble home , across Wandsworth Common , began in early April 1895 before Edward celebrated his release from St. Paul 's with a three-day walk from London to Marlborough in order to spend the summer term with his paternal grandmother at Swindon .
frequent visits to the noble home , across wandsworth common , began in early april 1895 before edward celebrated his [free] from st. paul 's with a three-day walk from london to marlborough in order to spend the summer term with his paternal grandmother at swindon .

This was at once a problem and a happy release .
this was at once a problem and a happy [free] .

The first time Jane saw him , he got out and proceeded to release some pigeons from a basket .
the first time jane saw him , he got out and proceeded to [free] some pigeons from a basket .

He watched the plane release the glider and the glider shoot up silently above him .
he watched the plane [free] the glider and the glider shoot up silently above him .

On his release General Jorge Videla , who unleashed both the military coup in 1976 and the campaign of repression that followed , promptly demanded vindication of the campaign , and was echoed privately by several serving officers .
on his [free] general jorge videla , who unleashed both the military coup in 1976 and the campaign of repression that followed , promptly demanded vindication of the campaign , and was echoed privately by several serving officers .

The Greek prime minister , Mr Constantine Mitsotakis , looks downright incompetent : at first he said he would pardon the guilty men , then took that back and said he would merely release them .
the greek prime minister , mr constantine mitsotakis , looks downright incompetent : at first he said he would pardon the guilty men , then took that back and said he would merely [free] them .

These changes should allow the bureau to release the first summary reports in late spring next year , some six months or so earlier than in 1980 .
these changes should allow the bureau to [free] the first summary reports in late spring next year , some six months or so earlier than in 1980 .

If he comes to power , he will release most jailed Sikhs — so demoralising the police still further .
if he comes to power , he will [free] most jailed sikhs — so demoralising the police still further .

In cells , aluminium interferes with the release of calcium ( among other things ) .
in cells , aluminium interferes with the [free] of calcium ( among other things ) .

It was not until 1974 that his ability to write and perform at his best gelled again , with the release of ‘ Blood on the Tracks ’ .
it was not until 1974 that his ability to write and perform at his best gelled again , with the [free] of ‘ blood on the tracks ’ .

’ It will release a dozen or so films this year with an average cost of $ 5m , all aimed at audiences too small for the big studios to chase .
’ it will [free] a dozen or so films this year with an average cost of $ 5m , all aimed at audiences too small for the big studios to chase .

The government has been forced to release 100,000 bales of wool from its 4.7m stockpile to cover a shortfall in supplies at auction following a recent surge in consumer demand .
the government has been forced to [free] 100,000 bales of wool from its 4.7m stockpile to cover a shortfall in supplies at auction following a recent surge in consumer demand .

The beta-test version of Alpha is due for release at the end of 1990 , with the first commercial release in 1993 .
the beta-test version of alpha is due for [free] at the end of 1990 , with the first commercial [free] in 1993 .

Apple has added the necessary ‘ hooks ’ for a sonic interface , in release 6.04 of the Macintosh system software .
apple has added the necessary ‘ hooks ’ for a sonic interface , in [free] 6.04 of the macintosh system software .

Sources within the Stock Exchange confirmed yesterday that the sudden pre-bid surge in the traded options market is being examined by an insider dealing investigation team which looks at suspicious activity ahead of the release of price-sensitive information .
sources within the stock exchange confirmed yesterday that the sudden pre-bid surge in the traded options market is being examined by an insider dealing investigation team which looks at suspicious activity ahead of the [free] of price-sensitive information .

Properties continued to shine as British Land produced a complicated scheme to release the value of its property portfolio .
properties continued to shine as british land produced a complicated scheme to [free] the value of its property portfolio .

John Fordham on the Miles Davis session it 's taken four years to release and the week 's other albums Twisting , teasing trumpet Jazz .
john fordham on the miles davis session it 's taken four years to [free] and the week 's other albums twisting , teasing trumpet jazz .

On March 14 , Dai Qing and two friends wrote an open letter to the National People 's Congress , which was signed by 40 intellectuals and supported earlier appeals for the release of Wei Jingsheng and other political prisoners .
on march 14 , dai qing and two friends wrote an open letter to the national people 's congress , which was signed by 40 intellectuals and supported earlier appeals for the [free] of wei jingsheng and other political prisoners .

The general public prosector has ordered the release of Mr Wolfgang Vogel , a prominent lawyer and former close aide of Mr Honecker who was detained on Tuesday on suspicion of ‘ criminal blackmail ’ .
the general public prosector has ordered the [free] of mr wolfgang vogel , a prominent lawyer and former close aide of mr honecker who was detained on tuesday on suspicion of ‘ criminal blackmail ’ .

Writers Fay Weldon and Marina Warner and Colin MacCabe , the former head of production at the British Film Institute , were among witnesses appearing before the Video Appeals Committee , called to examine a decision by the British Board of Film Classification to refuse a release certificate to ‘ Visions of Ecstasy ’ .
writers fay weldon and marina warner and colin maccabe , the former head of production at the british film institute , were among witnesses appearing before the video appeals committee , called to examine a decision by the british board of film classification to refuse a [free] certificate to ‘ visions of ecstasy ’ .

Since his release a year ago , he has been prevented from working as a journalist .
since his [free] a year ago , he has been prevented from working as a journalist .

Thousands ringed the court building to demand the release of Mr Czarnogursky .
thousands ringed the court building to demand the [free] of mr czarnogursky .

Thousands ringed the court building to demand the release Turn to page 20 , col 3
thousands ringed the court building to demand the [free] turn to page 20 , col 3

In the early days of their engagement , she volunteered to sleep with Saddam Hussein if he would release the hostages .
in the early days of their engagement , she volunteered to sleep with saddam hussein if he would [free] the hostages .

Sloppy play by Spurs let Regis release Yorke to make it 3–2 with a shot across Walker .
sloppy play by spurs let regis [free] yorke to make it 3–2 with a shot across walker .

It is important to the final effect that , whatever the mixture , a curry powder is lightly fried at the beginning of the cooking to release its full flavour , and not merely stirred into a liquid .
it is important to the final effect that , whatever the mixture , a curry powder is lightly fried at the beginning of the cooking to [free] its full flavour , and not merely stirred into a liquid .

Prospective students , anxious for sun and romance as well as the release of their creative genius , should gird themselves by reading Swallow , Thomas 's novel about an Olympiad of storytellers which involves hours and hours of improvising in prose and verse .
prospective students , anxious for sun and romance as well as the [free] of their creative genius , should gird themselves by reading swallow , thomas 's novel about an olympiad of storytellers which involves hours and hours of improvising in prose and verse .

When Withey , George and Waters did release Harries , he was felled by Apsee 's consuming tackle .
when withey , george and waters did [free] harries , he was felled by apsee 's consuming tackle .

He missed Aintree 's colour and clamour , the release of easing his mount to the first fence after the parade .
he missed aintree 's colour and clamour , the [free] of easing his mount to the first fence after the parade .

On the other hand , Microsoft 's own Windows 3 program , developed separately , has sold 10 million copies since its 1990 release .
on the other hand , microsoft 's own windows 3 program , developed separately , has sold 10 million copies since its 1990 [free] .

Unpolluted ecosystems release only small quantities of nitrate in streams .
unpolluted ecosystems [free] only small quantities of nitrate in streams .

Ulrich proposed that acid industrial emissions , principally the old enemy sulphur , were poisoning the forests through the release of aluminium in the soil .
ulrich proposed that acid industrial emissions , principally the old enemy sulphur , were poisoning the forests through the [free] of aluminium in the soil .

The results of the Commission 's 1984 survey were announced in a press release on 5 March 1985 .
the results of the commission 's 1984 survey were announced in a press [free] on 5 march 1985 .

The official press release explained that the survey showed that ‘ Britain 's trees are in good health ’ .
the official press [free] explained that the survey showed that ‘ britain 's trees are in good health ’ .

The body of the Commission 's report , which was written by recently recruited geographer Dr John Innes , took a less bullish line than the press release .
the body of the commission 's report , which was written by recently recruited geographer dr john innes , took a less bullish line than the press [free] .

While the report was acknowledging considerable dieback , the press release which accompanied it three days before Christmas ( a traditional moment for government departments to ‘ bury ’ embarrassing statistics ) spoke only of ‘ no sign … of the forest decline which is of such great concern in central Europe ’ .
while the report was acknowledging considerable dieback , the press [free] which accompanied it three days before christmas ( a traditional moment for government departments to ‘ bury ’ embarrassing statistics ) spoke only of ‘ no sign … of the forest decline which is of such great concern in central europe ’ .

Lonsdale found the results ‘ alarming ’ , but the official press release reassured the press and public that there was ‘ no sign ’ of forest decline among beech trees .
lonsdale found the results ‘ alarming ’ , but the official press [free] reassured the press and public that there was ‘ no sign ’ of forest decline among beech trees .

Who , for instance , suggested to President Kennedy that he should use a Letter of Credit to secure the release of prisoners held on Cuba ?
who , for instance , suggested to president kennedy that he should use a letter of credit to secure the [free] of prisoners held on cuba ?

We will require employers to release their employees aged under 19 for a minimum of two days a week further education and/or training for nationally recognised qualifications .
we will require employers to [free] their employees aged under 19 for a minimum of two days a week further education and/or training for nationally recognised qualifications .

The whole process must be based upon an unprecedented release of energy and activity at all levels .
the whole process must be based upon an unprecedented [free] of energy and activity at all levels .

We will immediately begin the phased release of receipts from the sale of council houses , land and property receipts to allow local authorities to build new homes and improve old ones .
we will immediately begin the phased [free] of receipts from the sale of council houses , land and property receipts to allow local authorities to build new homes and improve old ones .

My old school and university friend Harold Fletcher came to us … via the army , but his story was somewhat more complicated … He wrote to me to say that his occupation would become ‘ unreserved ’ on August 1 , 1941 , but that his firm would only release staff to join the armed forces .
my old school and university friend harold fletcher came to us … via the army , but his story was somewhat more complicated … he wrote to me to say that his occupation would become ‘ unreserved ’ on august 1 , 1941 , but that his firm would only [free] staff to join the armed forces .

Organic molecules broken down in this way release virtually as much energy as they are capable of releasing — so such ‘ oxidative ’ breakdown is extremely efficient .
organic molecules broken down in this way [free] virtually as much energy as they are capable of releasing — so such ‘ oxidative ’ breakdown is extremely efficient .

The release of ice from Antarctica and from northern continents such as Greenland will also cause sea-levels to rise .
the [free] of ice from antarctica and from northern continents such as greenland will also cause sea-levels to rise .

Acidic gases can be blown long distances from their sites of release before falling as acid rain .
acidic gases can be blown long distances from their sites of [free] before falling as acid rain .

The technique of splitting water to release chemical energy is half of the process known as photosynthesis .
the technique of splitting water to [free] chemical energy is half of the process known as photosynthesis .

This secrecy extends from the processes of Cabinet Government to schools which refuse to release exam results .
this secrecy extends from the processes of cabinet government to schools which refuse to [free] exam results .

Prisons should be places which are austere but decent , providing a busy and positive regime which prepared prisoners for their ultimate release .
prisons should be places which are austere but decent , providing a busy and positive regime which prepared prisoners for their ultimate [free] .

The Exodus narrative , identifying the God of Israel as the worker of wonders such as those which led Pharoah to release the Israelites from Egypt , could easily be thought of as referring to one god among many .
the exodus narrative , identifying the god of israel as the worker of wonders such as those which led pharoah to [free] the israelites from egypt , could easily be thought of as referring to one god among many .

Factoring and Invoice Discounting , to release cash tied up in your sales ledger pages 24–27
factoring and invoice discounting , to [free] cash tied up in your sales ledger pages 24–27

Factoring or Invoice Discounting are ways to release this money for you .
factoring or invoice discounting are ways to [free] this money for you .

Although delegation may release more time for you it will cost additional time for others .
although delegation may [free] more time for you it will cost additional time for others .

Laughter provides exercise for your heart and your lungs ; it reduces your blood pressure and is responsible for the release of healing hormones .
laughter provides exercise for your heart and your lungs ; it reduces your blood pressure and is responsible for the [free] of healing hormones .

In a story strikingly reminiscent of John Fowles ' ‘ The Collector ’ , Ricky ( Antonio Banderas ) seeks out and woos Marina ( Victoria Abril ) , a prostitute with whom he once slept and now wishes to marry on his release from a psychiatric ward .
in a story strikingly reminiscent of john fowles ' ‘ the collector ’ , ricky ( antonio banderas ) seeks out and woos marina ( victoria abril ) , a prostitute with whom he once slept and now wishes to marry on his [free] from a psychiatric ward .

Every morning since the new treatment had started he had been wakened to the thermometer and a medicine glass , half-full of a yellow , foul-tasting mixture that curdled in his stomach and sat there all day in a poisonous knot , waiting for the smell and taste of food to release its venom again .
every morning since the new treatment had started he had been wakened to the thermometer and a medicine glass , half-full of a yellow , foul-tasting mixture that curdled in his stomach and sat there all day in a poisonous knot , waiting for the smell and taste of food to [free] its venom again .

Campaigners for the Birmingham Six had hoped that a new Home Secretary might reconsider the convictions in the light of the discovery that the confessions of those convicted of the Guildford pub bombings had been fabricated , and the subsequent release of the four .
campaigners for the birmingham six had hoped that a new home secretary might reconsider the convictions in the light of the discovery that the confessions of those convicted of the guildford pub bombings had been fabricated , and the subsequent [free] of the four .

The effect of such ‘ nocturnal surges ’ in sex hormones , as the increased release of these hormones is called , might be to increase the sexual drive at night .
the effect of such ‘ nocturnal surges ’ in sex hormones , as the increased [free] of these hormones is called , might be to increase the sexual drive at night .

If sleep is taken at an unusual time , the changes associated with it ( the release of some hormones , the type of sleep ) will be affected to different extents depending on whether they are dominated by external factors or the body clock .
if sleep is taken at an unusual time , the changes associated with it ( the [free] of some hormones , the type of sleep ) will be affected to different extents depending on whether they are dominated by external factors or the body clock .

It is released when we are angry or anxious and its release is a major part of the ‘ fight and flight ’ reaction in animals .
it is released when we are angry or anxious and its [free] is a major part of the ‘ fight and flight ’ reaction in animals .

It makes the heart pump blood faster ( we have all felt the pounding and racing of our hearts when we are roused ) ; dilates the airways of our lungs ( so we can breathe faster ) ; and causes a great increase in the release of energy — by breaking down glycogen ( the form in which glucose is stored ) for muscles , and fat ( from fat storage depots ) for the rest of the body .
it makes the heart pump blood faster ( we have all felt the pounding and racing of our hearts when we are roused ) ; dilates the airways of our lungs ( so we can breathe faster ) ; and causes a great increase in the [free] of energy — by breaking down glycogen ( the form in which glucose is stored ) for muscles , and fat ( from fat storage depots ) for the rest of the body .

• The basic biochemical process is one by which glycogen in the muscle ( a store of glucose ) is broken down to release energy which can then be used to drive the muscles .
• the basic biochemical process is one by which glycogen in the muscle ( a store of glucose ) is broken down to [free] energy which can then be used to drive the muscles .

All these methods are calming us down and decreasing adrenalin release , and so accentuate the likelihood of falling asleep that is being promoted by our body clock .
all these methods are calming us down and decreasing adrenalin [free] , and so accentuate the likelihood of falling asleep that is being promoted by our body clock .

This requires the co-ordinated release into our gut of a series of digestive enzymes and fluids which are then mixed with the food .
this requires the co-ordinated [free] into our gut of a series of digestive enzymes and fluids which are then mixed with the food .

Growth hormone is released into the blood during the first part of sleep , but this is affected by the 24-hour body clock to a small extent only , so that changes in the timing of sleep are followed almost immediately by changes in growth hormone release .
growth hormone is released into the blood during the first part of sleep , but this is affected by the 24-hour body clock to a small extent only , so that changes in the timing of sleep are followed almost immediately by changes in growth hormone [free] .

During puberty , in addition to the frequent bursts of hormone release at night , there are smaller , less frequent bursts during the daytime .
during puberty , in addition to the frequent bursts of hormone [free] at night , there are smaller , less frequent bursts during the daytime .

After puberty , the release of growth hormone tends to decline , first during the daytime and then during sleep ; by old age ( 60 years and over ) it has , in effect , fallen to zero , even at night .
after puberty , the [free] of growth hormone tends to decline , first during the daytime and then during sleep ; by old age ( 60 years and over ) it has , in effect , fallen to zero , even at night .

For females , from puberty to menopause there is a monthly cycle of oestrogens and progesterone and , in these also , daily and ultradian rhythms of release are found .
for females , from puberty to menopause there is a monthly cycle of oestrogens and progesterone and , in these also , daily and ultradian rhythms of [free] are found .

One change that is associated with ageing and that will alter the rhythms of hormone release is the declining ability of the body to respond to instructions from the brain .
one change that is associated with ageing and that will alter the rhythms of hormone [free] is the declining ability of the body to respond to instructions from the brain .

The important point is that melatonin might be a link between the environment and body clock in ourselves also and its release might promote inactivity or tiredness .
the important point is that melatonin might be a link between the environment and body clock in ourselves also and its [free] might promote inactivity or tiredness .

On release from February 11 is the video of Peter Greenaway 's ‘ The Cook , the Thief , his Wife and her Lover ’ , ( cert 18 ) , in which the costumes are designed by Jean Paul Gaultier .
on [free] from february 11 is the video of peter greenaway 's ‘ the cook , the thief , his wife and her lover ’ , ( cert 18 ) , in which the costumes are designed by jean paul gaultier .

At long last you can possess an lipstick that never fades — due to certain capsules that release colour every time you press your lips together .
at long last you can possess an lipstick that never fades — due to certain capsules that [free] colour every time you press your lips together .

Press with the thumbs and fingers to scoop up flesh , squeeze gently but firmly , and slowly release .
press with the thumbs and fingers to scoop up flesh , squeeze gently but firmly , and slowly [free] .

This means that the parachute release is attached to the aircraft by a line Which automatically opens the parachute on exiting the aircraft .
this means that the parachute [free] is attached to the aircraft by a line which automatically opens the parachute on exiting the aircraft .

To make a character worse than oneself it is only necessary to release imaginatively from control some of the bad passions which , in real life , are always straining at the leash ; the Satan , the Iago , the Becky Sharp , within each of us , is always there and only too ready , the moment the leash is slipped , to come out and have in our books that holiday we try to deny them in life .
to make a character worse than oneself it is only necessary to [free] imaginatively from control some of the bad passions which , in real life , are always straining at the leash ; the satan , the iago , the becky sharp , within each of us , is always there and only too ready , the moment the leash is slipped , to come out and have in our books that holiday we try to deny them in life .

And Peter Brook 's powerful adaptation of William Golding 's Lord of the Flies was a long time on the shelf before securing a release in 1963 .
and peter brook 's powerful adaptation of william golding 's lord of the flies was a long time on the shelf before securing a [free] in 1963 .

British Lion , the independents ' major distribution channel , had 18 films awaiting release , a situation David Kingsley , the company 's managing director , blamed on the hostility of the circuits to its policy of dividing films between the two of them .
british lion , the independents ' major distribution channel , had 18 films awaiting [free] , a situation david kingsley , the company 's managing director , blamed on the hostility of the circuits to its policy of dividing films between the two of them .

One , who had an electric prod inserted in her vagina , has disappeared since their release and it is feared that she has committed suicide .
one , who had an electric prod inserted in her vagina , has disappeared since their [free] and it is feared that she has committed suicide .

Last month , Iran 's new leader , President Hashemi Rafsanjani , offered to work for the release of the American hostages held by Islamic extremists in Lebanon along with 10 other foreigners .
last month , iran 's new leader , president hashemi rafsanjani , offered to work for the [free] of the american hostages held by islamic extremists in lebanon along with 10 other foreigners .

the release of talents and abilities in the family of the church
the [free] of talents and abilities in the family of the church

Tap spoon to release melon ball .
tap spoon to [free] melon ball .

Why not breed caterpillars and release the butterflies into the garden ?
why not breed caterpillars and [free] the butterflies into the garden ?

You can rear caterpillars and release butterflies , like this peacock , into your garden , provided you offer adequate feeding sites such as a bed of nettles
you can rear caterpillars and [free] butterflies , like this peacock , into your garden , provided you offer adequate feeding sites such as a bed of nettles

The account he gave just after his release was that the threat had been that a British soldier might ‘ accidentally ’ shoot one of the women .
the account he gave just after his [free] was that the threat had been that a british soldier might ‘ accidentally ’ shoot one of the women .

One minute they were pushing forward a couple of tentative singles on their own label ( The Far Out Recording Company ) , the next they were being pressganged by Polydor and trailed across the press following the release of their debut album , The Eight Legged Groove Machine .
one minute they were pushing forward a couple of tentative singles on their own label ( the far out recording company ) , the next they were being pressganged by polydor and trailed across the press following the [free] of their debut album , the eight legged groove machine .

There is still an abyss or several to be crossed , but the bishop was applauded with vast intensity as he told how he had demanded the release of the 150 people reckoned to have been arrested during the street fighting , and had been told that complaints of police brutality would be investigated if the names of the victims were submitted in writing to the authorities .
there is still an abyss or several to be crossed , but the bishop was applauded with vast intensity as he told how he had demanded the [free] of the 150 people reckoned to have been arrested during the street fighting , and had been told that complaints of police brutality would be investigated if the names of the victims were submitted in writing to the authorities .

Even more extraordinary was the fact that Nelson Mandela , the sixth and most eminent member of the group , appeared to have negotiated the terms of the release of his colleagues , who are expected to be freed this weekend .
even more extraordinary was the fact that nelson mandela , the sixth and most eminent member of the group , appeared to have negotiated the terms of the [free] of his colleagues , who are expected to be freed this weekend .

Although Pretoria said the release of Mr Mandela himself was not on the agenda , that decision appears to be his own .
although pretoria said the [free] of mr mandela himself was not on the agenda , that decision appears to be his own .

Rumours that Britain would ask for anti-apartheid sanctions to be relaxed were quashed , although the Prime Minister offered some encouragement by calling the release ‘ a major step in the right direction ’ .
rumours that britain would ask for anti-apartheid sanctions to be relaxed were quashed , although the prime minister offered some encouragement by calling the [free] ‘ a major step in the right direction ’ .

Mr Ramaphosa said that the prisoners ' release should not be construed as an act of goodwill by Mr de Klerk , but as a reflection of the ‘ dismal ’ failure of ‘ the apartheid regime ’ to emasculate the will of the black majority .
mr ramaphosa said that the prisoners ' [free] should not be construed as an act of goodwill by mr de klerk , but as a reflection of the ‘ dismal ’ failure of ‘ the apartheid regime ’ to emasculate the will of the black majority .

‘ There will be a press release next week if discussions are favourably concluded , ’ Dr Williams said .
‘ there will be a press [free] next week if discussions are favourably concluded , ’ dr williams said .

One paragraph in Mr de Klerk 's statement on Tuesday announcing the release of Mr Mandela 's old associate Walter Sisulu provided the final piece of the jigsaw .
one paragraph in mr de klerk 's statement on tuesday announcing the [free] of mr mandela 's old associate walter sisulu provided the final piece of the jigsaw .

In fact , discussions were held with him and he considered yet again that his release is not now on the agenda .
in fact , discussions were held with him and he considered yet again that his [free] is not now on the agenda .

It is a problem which seems curiously common to left-arm spinners , and manifests itself with the bowler either failing to release the ball , or propelling it vertically into the air .
it is a problem which seems curiously common to left-arm spinners , and manifests itself with the bowler either failing to [free] the ball , or propelling it vertically into the air .

General Galtieri 's release underlines the fact that the Argentine armed forces may have learned nothing and forgotten nothing , but , by dint of constant pressure on Argentina 's elected leaders , they have moved closer to their goal of rewriting history with themselves in the role of hero .
general galtieri 's [free] underlines the fact that the argentine armed forces may have learned nothing and forgotten nothing , but , by dint of constant pressure on argentina 's elected leaders , they have moved closer to their goal of rewriting history with themselves in the role of hero .

His release is a victory for those elements in the armed forces who reject even their fellow officers ' professional criticism of the Falklands campaign and argue that General Galtieri deserved a statue , not a prison sentence , for his actions .
his [free] is a victory for those elements in the armed forces who reject even their fellow officers ' professional criticism of the falklands campaign and argue that general galtieri deserved a statue , not a prison sentence , for his actions .

But the people have always said : ‘ Release our leaders !
but the people have always said : ‘ [free] our leaders !

The naturalistic instinct has been to claim that mind somehow creates generality in a sense stronger than that which Aristotle allows ; it does not merely release generality from its potential state in matter , but fabricates it .
the naturalistic instinct has been to claim that mind somehow creates generality in a sense stronger than that which aristotle allows ; it does not merely [free] generality from its potential state in matter , but fabricates it .

Taken regularly it stops ovulation the release of a woman 's egg each month .
taken regularly it stops ovulation the [free] of a woman 's egg each month .

Release information in limited quantities so that it can be absorbed and understood .
[free] information in limited quantities so that it can be absorbed and understood .

Traps should wither kill them instantly or confine them for release elsewhere .
traps should wither kill them instantly or confine them for [free] elsewhere .

Room must be left on the upwind side in case there is a cable break or premature release , and on the down wind side in case the wing touches and causes a swing that way .
room must be left on the upwind side in case there is a cable break or premature [free] , and on the down wind side in case the wing touches and causes a swing that way .

In these conditions it is vital for the pilot to have a hand close to the release , ready to pull it if the need arises .
in these conditions it is vital for the pilot to have a hand close to the [free] , ready to pull it if the need arises .

Always be ready to release during the take-off run and if in doubt , abandon the take-off .
always be ready to [free] during the take-off run and if in doubt , abandon the take-off .

The normal reaction to a launch failure or cable break is to lower the nose and regain speed , and then to pull the release twice , hard , to get rid of any remaining cable .
the normal reaction to a launch failure or cable break is to lower the nose and regain speed , and then to pull the [free] twice , hard , to get rid of any remaining cable .

Higher up on the launch the drill should be : lower the nose into the approach attitude ; release the cable ; assess if a landing ahead is practical .
higher up on the launch the drill should be : lower the nose into the approach attitude ; [free] the cable ; assess if a landing ahead is practical .

If a decision is made to abandon the launch at height , it is safer to release first and then to lower the nose , as this prevents the risk of the cable parachute opening and flying up over the aircraft .
if a decision is made to abandon the launch at height , it is safer to [free] first and then to lower the nose , as this prevents the risk of the cable parachute opening and flying up over the aircraft .

The launch should always be stopped if an overrun occurs , and if the launch continues in spite of pulling the release the pilot should make every effort to prevent the glider from leaving the ground by keeping the stick right forward .
the launch should always be stopped if an overrun occurs , and if the launch continues in spite of pulling the [free] the pilot should make every effort to prevent the glider from leaving the ground by keeping the stick right forward .

Because of the automatic override system used on all the winch tow release hooks , this is now an extremely rare cause of accidents .
because of the automatic override system used on all the winch tow [free] hooks , this is now an extremely rare cause of accidents .

Although considerable effort has been made to develop an automatic release for the towplane , the problems are not as simple as they might at first seem and so far no really satisfactory technical answer has been found .
although considerable effort has been made to develop an automatic [free] for the towplane , the problems are not as simple as they might at first seem and so far no really satisfactory technical answer has been found .

Losing sight of the tow plane for even a second can be lethal and the glider pilot must always release immediately if this happens .
losing sight of the tow plane for even a second can be lethal and the glider pilot must always [free] immediately if this happens .

Many modern machines are not fitted with a nose release hook for aerotowing , but with one designed to be suitable for both wire and aerotow launches .
many modern machines are not fitted with a nose [free] hook for aerotowing , but with one designed to be suitable for both wire and aerotow launches .

The only safeguard is to maintain the correct position carefully and to release at once if the glider is beginning to get too high in relation to the towplane .
the only safeguard is to maintain the correct position carefully and to [free] at once if the glider is beginning to get too high in relation to the towplane .

So he has little or no time to release the glider , or to recover from the dive unless the upset occurs above about 500 feet , and then only if the rope breaks or the glider releases .
so he has little or no time to [free] the glider , or to recover from the dive unless the upset occurs above about 500 feet , and then only if the rope breaks or the glider releases .

The pilot must be vigilant on every aerotow and must realise the importance of being prepared to release at any point on the climb out should his glider get badly out of position .
the pilot must be vigilant on every aerotow and must realise the importance of being prepared to [free] at any point on the climb out should his glider get badly out of position .

The pilot 's left hand should certainly be near the release toggle all the time until the glider is at least 500 or 600 feet up .
the pilot 's left hand should certainly be near the [free] toggle all the time until the glider is at least 500 or 600 feet up .

From the start , the need to release immediately if for any reason they lose sight of the towplane must be impressed on the students .
from the start , the need to [free] immediately if for any reason they lose sight of the towplane must be impressed on the students .

Release immediately if the towplane goes out of sight , or you become very badly out of position .
[free] immediately if the towplane goes out of sight , or you become very badly out of position .

Always be alert for a bad swing or a wing-tip touching the ground on take off and have your hand near the release , ready .
always be alert for a bad swing or a wing-tip touching the ground on take off and have your hand near the [free] , ready .

Certainly , for your first few flights , your left hand should be close to the release knob , so that you can release immediately if you get into a bad swing or a wing-tip goes onto the ground .
certainly , for your first few flights , your left hand should be close to the [free] knob , so that you can [free] immediately if you get into a bad swing or a wing-tip goes onto the ground .

But for Leonard and his family there was special sadness at this point , for the traditional ‘ prayer of release ’ ( from responsibility for his son ) by the father was necessarily absent , a pang he could recall 40 years after the occasion . So Leonard was called by name from among the congregation , arose and ascended the steps , stepped on to the special box placed for short candidates like himself , and recited in Hebrew the traditional blessing before the reading of the Torah :
but for leonard and his family there was special sadness at this point , for the traditional ‘ prayer of [free] ’ ( from responsibility for his son ) by the father was necessarily absent , a pang he could recall 40 years after the occasion . so leonard was called by name from among the congregation , arose and ascended the steps , stepped on to the special box placed for short candidates like himself , and recited in hebrew the traditional blessing before the reading of the torah :

Though apparently free , it needs its controller ; but the controller must release it to the natural powers , the wind and the air-thermals , if he wants to enjoy its flights .
though apparently free , it needs its controller ; but the controller must [free] it to the natural powers , the wind and the air-thermals , if he wants to enjoy its flights .

Visual Tennis Video-new release
visual tennis video-new [free]

All stretches should be gradual and held for a period of 30 seconds before release .
all stretches should be gradual and held for a period of 30 seconds before [free] .

Amnesty International is a worldwide human rights movement which works impartially for the release of prisoners of conscience : men , women and children detained anywhere for their beliefs , colour , ethnic origin , sex , religion or language , provided they have neither used nor advocated the use of violence .
amnesty international is a worldwide human rights movement which works impartially for the [free] of prisoners of conscience : men , women and children detained anywhere for their beliefs , colour , ethnic origin , sex , religion or language , provided they have neither used nor advocated the use of violence .

For example , Goodluck Mhango , a veterinary surgeon arrested in September 1987 , has been rejected for release by a committee established to review the cases of political detainees .
for example , goodluck mhango , a veterinary surgeon arrested in september 1987 , has been rejected for [free] by a committee established to review the cases of political detainees .

Amnesty International has welcomed the releases , but is urging the government to release all remaining prisoners of conscience immediately and unconditionally .
amnesty international has welcomed the releases , but is urging the government to [free] all remaining prisoners of conscience immediately and unconditionally .

This law includes amendments to the penal code and the conditional release of approximately 38,000 prisoners .
this law includes amendments to the penal code and the conditional [free] of approximately 38,000 prisoners .

Amnesty warmly welcomed the release of prisoners of conscience and the repeal of certain articles , but has urged that the legislation be extended to include reform or repeal of further articles of the Turkish Penal Code , under which POCs may be held .
amnesty warmly welcomed the [free] of prisoners of conscience and the repeal of certain articles , but has urged that the legislation be extended to include reform or repeal of further articles of the turkish penal code , under which pocs may be held .

They are not due for release until 1992 , and are among some 400 young men held in Greek prisons for their refusal on religious grounds to perform military service .
they are not due for [free] until 1992 , and are among some 400 young men held in greek prisons for their refusal on religious grounds to perform military service .

International appeals can help to secure the release of these prisoners or to improve their detention conditions .
international appeals can help to secure the [free] of these prisoners or to improve their detention conditions .

Please send courteous letters appealing for his immediate and unconditional release to :
please send courteous letters appealing for his immediate and unconditional [free] to :

Please send courteous appealing for his release , if possible in French or Arabic to :
please send courteous appealing for his [free] , if possible in french or arabic to :

The authorities are reportedly prepared to release Fr Jin if he appeals for clemency on grounds such as ill-health .
the authorities are reportedly prepared to [free] fr jin if he appeals for clemency on grounds such as ill-health .

Fr Jin has apparently refused — he is in good health despite his age — and is not prepared to admit to any criminal activity to secure his release .
fr jin has apparently refused — he is in good health despite his age — and is not prepared to admit to any criminal activity to secure his [free] .

Please write courteous letters appealing for Fr Jin Dechen 's release to :
please write courteous letters appealing for fr jin dechen 's [free] to :

Please send appeals requesting his immediate and unconditional release to :
please send appeals requesting his immediate and unconditional [free] to :

Please write appealing for the immediate and unconditional release of Nijazi Beqa to :
please write appealing for the immediate and unconditional [free] of nijazi beqa to :

Please send courteous letters appealing for his immediate release to :
please send courteous letters appealing for his immediate [free] to :

Despite the hype over the release of political prisoners , reports of police misconduct do not inspire confidence in the majority of South Africans , or in those all-important foreign investors .
despite the hype over the [free] of political prisoners , reports of police misconduct do not inspire confidence in the majority of south africans , or in those all-important foreign investors .

Intensive training routines cause the release of growth hormone from the pituitary gland , but insulin can block the release of this hormone and thereby nullify the effects of training .
intensive training routines cause the [free] of growth hormone from the pituitary gland , but insulin can block the [free] of this hormone and thereby nullify the effects of training .

The most important factor in ‘ free stretching ’ is that you know when it hurts and how far you can go , making it possible for you to immediately release the stretch should you need to .
the most important factor in ‘ free stretching ’ is that you know when it hurts and how far you can go , making it possible for you to immediately [free] the stretch should you need to .

For a considerable amount of inconsequential information owned by the institution is classed as confidential , even though its release could only be considered prejudicial to the safety and interests of the state by the most bigoted autocrat .
for a considerable amount of inconsequential information owned by the institution is classed as confidential , even though its [free] could only be considered prejudicial to the safety and interests of the state by the most bigoted autocrat .

For ‘ real polises ’ there is a rarely articulated awareness that this ambiguity can always turn in on itself and be used for good or evil , or even as an instrument of oppression or release .
for ‘ real polises ’ there is a rarely articulated awareness that this ambiguity can always turn in on itself and be used for good or evil , or even as an instrument of oppression or [free] .

Babel 's bad times could be turned into art — an art which has been seen to release him , as it were , from his subject , and which has also been seen to hesitate .
babel 's bad times could be turned into art — an art which has been seen to [free] him , as it were , from his subject , and which has also been seen to hesitate .

Where either of these is not practical then off-site training is far more effective as a constructive environment can be created and release from day-to-day pressures guaranteed .
where either of these is not practical then off-site training is far more effective as a constructive environment can be created and [free] from day-to-day pressures guaranteed .

They require the catalytic action of water to release hotness .
they require the catalytic action of water to [free] hotness .

Protected bonnet release catches
protected bonnet [free] catches

If you have quick release wheels , take off the front wheel and lock it to the frame and back wheel .
if you have quick [free] wheels , take off the front wheel and lock it to the frame and back wheel .

In such a 28-day cycle , ovulation , the release from the ovary of an egg into the fallopian tube , would occur on day 14 , 14 days from the beginning of the next cycle .
in such a 28-day cycle , ovulation , the [free] from the ovary of an egg into the fallopian tube , would occur on day 14 , 14 days from the beginning of the next cycle .

It probably results from the break-up of treponemes in response to the penicillin , with release of substances into the bloodstream and locally which have an inflammatory potential .
it probably results from the break-up of treponemes in response to the penicillin , with [free] of substances into the bloodstream and locally which have an inflammatory potential .

Sometimes , in a person who has become sensitized , there may be small vesicles in the shin which release a clear fluid when ruptured after scratching .
sometimes , in a person who has become sensitized , there may be small vesicles in the shin which [free] a clear fluid when ruptured after scratching .

On descent , below 1.5 metres the Pro-File starts its diving mode automatically and models the uptake and release of nitrogen for 16 tissue types .
on descent , below 1.5 metres the pro-file starts its diving mode automatically and models the uptake and [free] of nitrogen for 16 tissue types .

The computer 's micro processor automatically models the absorption and release of nitrogen ( it uses a modified Haldanian model based on nine tissue compartments ) during all phases of diving , including ascents , surface intervals and repetitive diving .
the computer 's micro processor automatically models the absorption and [free] of nitrogen ( it uses a modified haldanian model based on nine tissue compartments ) during all phases of diving , including ascents , surface intervals and repetitive diving .

Morrissey , in particular , found a second artistic release in his talent for dominating interviews .
morrissey , in particular , found a second artistic [free] in his talent for dominating interviews .

January 20 1984 saw the release of ‘ What Difference Does It Make ’ .
january 20 1984 saw the [free] of ‘ what difference does it make ’ .

Pending its release , Morrissey fell into convalescence back in Manchester , gently easing his voice back into shape at rehearsals in Twilight Studios .
pending its [free] , morrissey fell into convalescence back in manchester , gently easing his voice back into shape at rehearsals in twilight studios .

‘ They release too many records into an already over-crowded scene .
‘ they [free] too many records into an already over-crowded scene .

There are two schools of thought about the early November release of ‘ Hatful of Hollow ’ .
there are two schools of thought about the early november [free] of ‘ hatful of hollow ’ .

Nence , the speedy release of the ‘ false album ’ , ‘ Hatful Of Hollow ’ .
nence , the speedy [free] of the ‘ false album ’ , ‘ hatful of hollow ’ .

For the band it was an effortless release , effectively supplying a breathing space … and lastly , making more money .
for the band it was an effortless [free] , effectively supplying a breathing space … and lastly , making more money .

As the song was not on any album or on any previous release , failure seemed impossible .
as the song was not on any album or on any previous [free] , failure seemed impossible .

Initially , following the release of ‘ Meat Is Murder ’ , Morrissey stated that he had exhausted the conventional format of pop interviews and did n't wish to involve himself any more .
initially , following the [free] of ‘ meat is murder ’ , morrissey stated that he had exhausted the conventional format of pop interviews and did n't wish to involve himself any more .

Without meaning to fall into pretentious meanderings , it does appear as if Morrissey finally needed a release from his previously closely guarded sexuality .
without meaning to fall into pretentious meanderings , it does appear as if morrissey finally needed a [free] from his previously closely guarded sexuality .

The stormy relationship with the label has once again been calmed and the band begin recording their fourth album , and a new single , due for release in 1985 , this week .
the stormy relationship with the label has once again been calmed and the band begin recording their fourth album , and a new single , due for [free] in 1985 , this week .

Just prior to the Scottish tour , The Smiths did indeed release a single .
just prior to the scottish tour , the smiths did indeed [free] a single .

The interview , conducted by Ian Pye , appeared one week before the release of the album .
the interview , conducted by ian pye , appeared one week before the [free] of the album .

In January 1987 The Smiths ' planned single release , ‘ You Have n't Earned It Yet Baby ’ , a rather spiteful song with a catchy hookline , was switched to ‘ Shoplifters Of The World Unite ’ .
in january 1987 the smiths ' planned single [free] , ‘ you have n't earned it yet baby ’ , a rather spiteful song with a catchy hookline , was switched to ‘ shoplifters of the world unite ’ .

It is also only too keen to buy and , just two months after the release of ‘ The World Wo n't Listen ’ , Rough Trade were forced into the position of issuing yet another Smiths compilation album , this time a double album , on to the English record racks .
it is also only too keen to buy and , just two months after the [free] of ‘ the world wo n't listen ’ , rough trade were forced into the position of issuing yet another smiths compilation album , this time a double album , on to the english record racks .

All this preceded the release of the last album The Smiths will ever make , ‘ Strangeways , Here We Come ’ .
all this preceded the [free] of the last album the smiths will ever make , ‘ strangeways , here we come ’ .

’ It is the vision of seeing through the inheritance of family emotions , the release of burdens imposed by the past , the healing of memories long since buried in one 's psyche .
’ it is the vision of seeing through the inheritance of family emotions , the [free] of burdens imposed by the past , the healing of memories long since buried in one 's psyche .

Release and Check Specifications 1
[free] and check specifications 1

( ii ) Release and Check Specifications
( ii ) [free] and check specifications

the release specification with which a product must comply at the time of manufacture ;
the [free] specification with which a product must comply at the time of manufacture ;

The shelf-life is that period of time during which a product stored under market conditions changes from the limit of the release specifications to the limit of the check specification in respect of its least stable parameter .
the shelf-life is that period of time during which a product stored under market conditions changes from the limit of the [free] specifications to the limit of the check specification in respect of its least stable parameter .

In the example shown the least stable parameter has a release specification of ±5 per cent of the nominal value and a check specification of ±10 per cent of the nominal value .
in the example shown the least stable parameter has a [free] specification of ±5 per cent of the nominal value and a check specification of ±10 per cent of the nominal value .

The period which elapses until a product at the limit of the release specification at the time of manufacture , changes until it has reached the limit of the check specification , is the minimum shelf-life ; the product which is close to the nominal value at the time of manufacture will continue to comply with the check specification for longer than this .
the period which elapses until a product at the limit of the [free] specification at the time of manufacture , changes until it has reached the limit of the check specification , is the minimum shelf-life ; the product which is close to the nominal value at the time of manufacture will continue to comply with the check specification for longer than this .

The use of release and check specifications is a normal practice in the pharmaceutical industry .
the use of [free] and check specifications is a normal practice in the pharmaceutical industry .

Thus the check specification need not always have both its upper and its lower limits different from the release specification .
thus the check specification need not always have both its upper and its lower limits different from the [free] specification .

1 ) the release specification has limits of 95–105 per cent of the theoretical value and the check specification limits of 90–110 per cent of the theoretical value .
1 ) the [free] specification has limits of 95–105 per cent of the theoretical value and the check specification limits of 90–110 per cent of the theoretical value .

The release torque should be measured at the beginning of the test , and whenever a container is opened throughout the whole period of the test .
the [free] torque should be measured at the beginning of the test , and whenever a container is opened throughout the whole period of the test .

The release must contain all the relevant information — and preferably local contacts as well — that a journalist will need to write the story .
the [free] must contain all the relevant information — and preferably local contacts as well — that a journalist will need to write the story .

Every press release should include a quotable , provocative statement from an officer or committee member of the organization involved .
every press [free] should include a quotable , provocative statement from an officer or committee member of the organization involved .

The key point in writing a press release is to encapsulate the message in the first sentence .
the key point in writing a press [free] is to encapsulate the message in the first sentence .

There is no point in sending out actual photographs with every press release , but a clear photocopy will give the reporter a good idea of the building and may persuade his editor to send a photographer to take special pictures for the newspaper .
there is no point in sending out actual photographs with every press [free] , but a clear photocopy will give the reporter a good idea of the building and may persuade his editor to send a photographer to take special pictures for the newspaper .

Journalists can digest a story from a good press release in a few minutes , while attending a press conference is going to take an hour , not including travelling time .
journalists can digest a story from a good press [free] in a few minutes , while attending a press conference is going to take an hour , not including travelling time .

Press response If there does not seem to be any response to your press release , do not be afraid to follow it up with a telephone call .
press response if there does not seem to be any response to your press [free] , do not be afraid to follow it up with a telephone call .

Reiterate the arguments in your press release calmly but firmly .
reiterate the arguments in your press [free] calmly but firmly .

Although the nerve pathways from the brain to the blood vessels and heart use acetylcholine as their transmitter at ganglia , they end in terminals which release an adrenaline-like substance , so a possible way of controlling blood pressure is to block the action of this substance .
although the nerve pathways from the brain to the blood vessels and heart use acetylcholine as their transmitter at ganglia , they end in terminals which [free] an adrenaline-like substance , so a possible way of controlling blood pressure is to block the action of this substance .

Stirling managed to obtain his release , but had quite some difficulty in persuading Paddy to join him .
stirling managed to obtain his [free] , but had quite some difficulty in persuading paddy to join him .

She also called for the immediate release of the Birmingham Six and other framed Irish prisoners .
she also called for the immediate [free] of the birmingham six and other framed irish prisoners .

For George Tyson and his wife , Rosie , it meant the release from a tormenting 19 months which saw their £15,000 savings put at risk .
for george tyson and his wife , rosie , it meant the [free] from a tormenting 19 months which saw their £15,000 savings put at risk .

It used to release captured foxes , give them up to nine minutes start , and chase them through areas designed Old England , Leicestershire , Hill District , Home Circuit .
it used to [free] captured foxes , give them up to nine minutes start , and chase them through areas designed old england , leicestershire , hill district , home circuit .

He promised to release the empty flats in his row of Chelsea houses tomorrow if guaranteed repossession within 48 hours by some sort of contract .
he promised to [free] the empty flats in his row of chelsea houses tomorrow if guaranteed repossession within 48 hours by some sort of contract .

Marks & Spencer press release Eat your own pet ad criticised .
marks & spencer press [free] eat your own pet ad criticised .

Linda McCartney If people swallowed tomato seeds ( of a genetically engineered wrinkle-free tomato ) the plants could end up growing in a sewage farm somewhere , and this would be an unauthorised release of a genetically engineered organism .
linda mccartney if people swallowed tomato seeds ( of a genetically engineered wrinkle-free tomato ) the plants could end up growing in a sewage farm somewhere , and this would be an unauthorised [free] of a genetically engineered organism .

But He says the record will be ‘ less cameo-like and more cohesive ’ than Geldof 's Do They Know It 's Christmas , Time , which ousted Paul McCartney to become the best-selling British record of all time in 1984. release is scheduled for mid-January .
but he says the record will be ‘ less cameo-like and more cohesive ’ than geldof 's do they know it 's christmas , time , which ousted paul mccartney to become the best-selling british record of all time in 1984. [free] is scheduled for mid-january .

Recording begins today in Peter Gabriel 's studio in Bath , and release is scheduled for mid-January .
recording begins today in peter gabriel 's studio in bath , and [free] is scheduled for mid-january .

The age will not release you .
the age will not [free] you .

Last week , Mr Badran ordered the return of confiscated passports to their owners and promised further amnesties for political prisoners after the recent release of 48 political detainees .
last week , mr badran ordered the return of confiscated passports to their owners and promised further amnesties for political prisoners after the recent [free] of 48 political detainees .

They release albums in lavish Seventies-style gatefold sleeves .
they [free] albums in lavish seventies-style gatefold sleeves .

News of the professor 's departure was a single sentence at the bottom of a footnote in a holiday-period ministry press release .
news of the professor 's departure was a single sentence at the bottom of a footnote in a holiday-period ministry press [free] .

In order to release $ 350 million in stand-by credits and clear the way for the injection of $ 1 billion in European Community funds , the International Monetary Fund originally demanded that the budget deficit be wiped out altogether and that public spending be subjected to even more stringent cuts than are planned .
in order to [free] $ 350 million in stand-by credits and clear the way for the injection of $ 1 billion in european community funds , the international monetary fund originally demanded that the budget deficit be wiped out altogether and that public spending be subjected to even more stringent cuts than are planned .

George Bell secured his early release .
george bell secured his early [free] .

The Hungarian Foreign Minister , Mr Gyula Horn , broke his country 's silence on the crisis to say that several hundred people had been killed or wounded at the weekend . He accused the Romanian authorities of behaving brutally and demanded the immediate release of Pastor Laszlo Tokes , the ethnic Hungarian clergyman whose harassment by the authorities
the hungarian foreign minister , mr gyula horn , broke his country 's silence on the crisis to say that several hundred people had been killed or wounded at the weekend . he accused the romanian authorities of behaving brutally and demanded the immediate [free] of pastor laszlo tokes , the ethnic hungarian clergyman whose harassment by the authorities

They will pay for licences to release substances they can not economically recycle or recover .
they will pay for licences to [free] substances they can not economically recycle or recover .

The conditions are designed to prevent or minimise the release of the most dangerous polluting substances .
the conditions are designed to prevent or minimise the [free] of the most dangerous polluting substances .

Genetically modified organisms : The bill provides for additional safeguards against the import , containment and release of Genetically Modified Organisms .
genetically modified organisms : the bill provides for additional safeguards against the import , containment and [free] of genetically modified organisms .

George Bell secured his early release .
george bell secured his early [free] .

Lincoln brought in the big guns of William Temple to get bishop and rector to release the curate before the time .
lincoln brought in the big guns of william temple to get bishop and rector to [free] the curate before the time .

With the publication of the Foreign Relations of the United States volumes on the Korean War and the release of the British documents it was evident that Britain had played a major role in the important decisions taken in the early stages of the war , and in particular the decision to change the aim of the operation from being merely to repel the aggressor north of the 38th parallel to that of achieving a unified Korea .
with the publication of the foreign relations of the united states volumes on the korean war and the [free] of the british documents it was evident that britain had played a major role in the important decisions taken in the early stages of the war , and in particular the decision to change the aim of the operation from being merely to repel the aggressor north of the 38th parallel to that of achieving a unified korea .

Her release from tension released Phoebe 's fears . Suddenly it was she who was shaking and crying ,
her [free] from tension released phoebe 's fears . suddenly it was she who was shaking and crying ,

Single Release
single [free]

some of the most successful of the small indies have achieved success largely by catering for specialist markets ( generally ignored by the majors ) and developing a good reputation for its product with the fans of particular styles , so much so that some indie labels enjoy instant sales of a new release on the strength of the quality of their past product .
some of the most successful of the small indies have achieved success largely by catering for specialist markets ( generally ignored by the majors ) and developing a good reputation for its product with the fans of particular styles , so much so that some indie labels enjoy instant sales of a new [free] on the strength of the quality of their past product .

Whether you sign a deal with an indie label , or release your own records , the success of your records will depend on the amount and quality of their promotion .
whether you sign a deal with an indie label , or [free] your own records , the success of your records will depend on the amount and quality of their promotion .

The staple mode of communication is the press release .
the staple mode of communication is the press [free] .

Record companies generally send these out some time before an event or the release of a product in order to whip up a bit of advance interest from the press .
record companies generally send these out some time before an event or the [free] of a product in order to whip up a bit of advance interest from the press .

Even with a band like Dire straits that can be quite hard , because there is sometimes a certain complacency surrounding a big artist 's release .
even with a band like dire straits that can be quite hard , because there is sometimes a certain complacency surrounding a big artist 's [free] .

This is usually linked with an album release date .
this is usually linked with an album [free] date .

However , 90 per cent of the bands we sign attract us either with recently recorded product or with a record due out on release .
however , 90 per cent of the bands we sign attract us either with recently recorded product or with a record due out on [free] .

On every release , targets are set for the whole sales force by the sales manager or director , in consultation with the marketing division .
on every [free] , targets are set for the whole sales force by the sales manager or director , in consultation with the marketing division .

The release of a single by a new act does n't usually result in a major marketing campaign .
the [free] of a single by a new act does n't usually result in a major marketing campaign .

Under the direction of a director ( or a vice-president in the United States ) , the international operation co-ordinates the simultaneous , world-wide release of major artists ' product ; and it organizes the delivery of new and developing artists ' records , promotional material and videos to all overseas companies where these recordings are considered for release .
under the direction of a director ( or a vice-president in the united states ) , the international operation co-ordinates the simultaneous , world-wide [free] of major artists ' product ; and it organizes the delivery of new and developing artists ' records , promotional material and videos to all overseas companies where these recordings are considered for [free] .

The decision to release new product in overseas territories is made by each local company , taking into consideration the musical preferences of their own market .
the decision to [free] new product in overseas territories is made by each local company , taking into consideration the musical preferences of their own market .

This is income which increases as the artist gains greater success and begins to release such items as compilation videos comprising selected promotional videos , or full length videos of live concert performances .
this is income which increases as the artist gains greater success and begins to [free] such items as compilation videos comprising selected promotional videos , or full length videos of live concert performances .

Gatfield is still surprised by the record-buying public 's assumption that the first record they purchase by a new act must be that artist 's first release .
gatfield is still surprised by the record-buying public 's assumption that the first record they purchase by a new act must be that artist 's first [free] .

Contracts should be structured so that if the company does n't release any recordings during a certain contract year , the artist has the option to terminate the agreement and look elsewhere for a record deal .
contracts should be structured so that if the company does n't [free] any recordings during a certain contract year , the artist has the option to terminate the agreement and look elsewhere for a record deal .

As an example , consider the situation of a three-piece band who are about to receive £100,000 as a record company advance ( and they have taken the decision to delay any possible publishing advances until after the release of two singles from the forthcoming album ) .
as an example , consider the situation of a three-piece band who are about to receive £100,000 as a record company advance ( and they have taken the decision to delay any possible publishing advances until after the [free] of two singles from the forthcoming album ) .

This example might seem unrealistically pessimistic , as a new band may feel confident of being able to record and release their album in just a few months , with money from sales and royalties quickly starting to now in .
this example might seem unrealistically pessimistic , as a new band may feel confident of being able to record and [free] their album in just a few months , with money from sales and royalties quickly starting to now in .

songs may have to be rewritten , particular studio engineers or producers may not be available when first required , band members may fall ill and the record company may delay the release of the album ‘ until the market is right ’ .
songs may have to be rewritten , particular studio engineers or producers may not be available when first required , band members may fall ill and the record company may delay the [free] of the album ‘ until the market is right ’ .

The appeal now is for names , service numbers , squadrons or other units , country in which taken prisoner , countries in which held , and country of release .
the appeal now is for names , service numbers , squadrons or other units , country in which taken prisoner , countries in which held , and country of [free] .

The rise of ‘ green ’ issues , indeed , was more naturally appealing to Labour or Alliance politicians , and a powerful reminder of the rich variety of resistance to Thatcherism that British society could release .
the rise of ‘ green ’ issues , indeed , was more naturally appealing to labour or alliance politicians , and a powerful reminder of the rich variety of resistance to thatcherism that british society could [free] .

• Estimates of the number of journalists at the S-class release varied between 600 to 700 .
• estimates of the number of journalists at the s-class [free] varied between 600 to 700 .

Though explicitly Christian , ‘ Journey of the Magi ’ forms between the earlier and later work a bridge over which the reader ( with access to the gospel word ) may cross into the release of Christianity , the new birth ; but , denied that access , the speaker of the poem can only seek relief in death to escape from having to return to the old way in which he is ‘ no longer at ease ’ .
though explicitly christian , ‘ journey of the magi ’ forms between the earlier and later work a bridge over which the reader ( with access to the gospel word ) may cross into the [free] of christianity , the new birth ; but , denied that access , the speaker of the poem can only seek relief in death to escape from having to return to the old way in which he is ‘ no longer at ease ’ .

It is from an avowedly philosophical perspective that Roger Scruton announces ‘ the major structural feature of perversion ’ to be ‘ the habit of finding a sexual release that avoids or abolishes the other , obliterating his embodiment with the obscene perception of his body ’ ; as such , believes Scruton , it is narcissistic and often solipsistic ( Sexual Desire , 289,343 ) .
it is from an avowedly philosophical perspective that roger scruton announces ‘ the major structural feature of perversion ’ to be ‘ the habit of finding a sexual [free] that avoids or abolishes the other , obliterating his embodiment with the obscene perception of his body ’ ; as such , believes scruton , it is narcissistic and often solipsistic ( sexual desire , 289,343 ) .

The hollowing-out of the deep self is pure pleasure , a release from the subjective correlatives of dominant morality ( normality , authenticity , etc . )
the hollowing-out of the deep self is pure pleasure , a [free] from the subjective correlatives of dominant morality ( normality , authenticity , etc . )

But she added that prosecution and imprisonment by a criminal court did not serve the interests of the family as a whole , or of the child who remained part of it , or how victims would deal with contact with the abuser after release .
but she added that prosecution and imprisonment by a criminal court did not serve the interests of the family as a whole , or of the child who remained part of it , or how victims would deal with contact with the abuser after [free] .

Moon died in 1978 , after an overdose of the prescribed drug he was taking to ease himself out of alcoholism ; Townshend had his own dark periods of excess ; even Entwistle , the quiet , static one , felt inclined to release a solo album entitled Smash Your Head Against The Wall .
moon died in 1978 , after an overdose of the prescribed drug he was taking to ease himself out of alcoholism ; townshend had his own dark periods of excess ; even entwistle , the quiet , static one , felt inclined to [free] a solo album entitled smash your head against the wall .

The banks financing the huge project have given Eurotunnel until the end of the year to come up with an agreed costing for completion of the tunnel sufficient to enable them to release fresh loans .
the banks financing the huge project have given eurotunnel until the end of the year to come up with an agreed costing for completion of the tunnel sufficient to enable them to [free] fresh loans .

Adapted from Russell 's 1978 stageplay , Stags And Hens , about a stag-night and a hen-party which converge at the same venue , it is the first BBC-funded film ever to receive a full cinematic release ( next Spring ) before its television broadcast ( September 1991 ) .
adapted from russell 's 1978 stageplay , stags and hens , about a stag-night and a hen-party which converge at the same venue , it is the first bbc-funded film ever to receive a full cinematic [free] ( next spring ) before its television broadcast ( september 1991 ) .

This is consistent with Clayton Aniline 's commitment to empowerment which is a policy designed to release the talents and potential of personnel at all levels .
this is consistent with clayton aniline 's commitment to empowerment which is a policy designed to [free] the talents and potential of personnel at all levels .

She 's already provided the couple with a tape of tribal fertility dances to ‘ release endorphins in the pelvic region ’ and before long she 's going on about the healing properties of dolphins .
she 's already provided the couple with a tape of tribal fertility dances to ‘ [free] endorphins in the pelvic region ’ and before long she 's going on about the healing properties of dolphins .

But his persecutors were frustrated when they had to release him a week later , partly due to a technical fault in the warrant for his arrest and partly due to the influence of his friend , Sir Matthew Hale .
but his persecutors were frustrated when they had to [free] him a week later , partly due to a technical fault in the warrant for his arrest and partly due to the influence of his friend , sir matthew hale .

From both the training and farm point of view it was important to know how easily release could be obtained from the off-farm job .
from both the training and farm point of view it was important to know how easily [free] could be obtained from the off-farm job .

Unlike the demands for time off from the farm , which is normally at short notice , the request for release for training courses could be made well in advance .
unlike the demands for time off from the farm , which is normally at short notice , the request for [free] for training courses could be made well in advance .

Release .
[free] .

Trent Regional Health Authority ordered an inquiry into why Dr Neil Silvester , a consultant psychiatrist at Doncaster Royal Infirmary , had authorised Barratt 's early release .
trent regional health authority ordered an inquiry into why dr neil silvester , a consultant psychiatrist at doncaster royal infirmary , had authorised barratt 's early [free] .

The facilities to produce a skilled and educated agricultural population are available in the Agricultural Training Board and the provisions of the local authorities and others for day , block release and other courses .
the facilities to produce a skilled and educated agricultural population are available in the agricultural training board and the provisions of the local authorities and others for day , block [free] and other courses .

In this light the at-risk status of the sample is further indicated by the fact that 91 per cent of the sample were subject to Schedule 11 , with only six per cent being on ordinary probation and three per cent on statutory licence following release from custody , that is , parole and youth custody licence .
in this light the at-risk status of the sample is further indicated by the fact that 91 per cent of the sample were subject to schedule 11 , with only six per cent being on ordinary probation and three per cent on statutory licence following [free] from custody , that is , parole and youth custody licence .

On release from custody , it can be very difficult for the offender to be reintegrated into the community .
on [free] from custody , it can be very difficult for the offender to be reintegrated into the community .

Life cycle analysis is a cradle-to-grave study of the materials and energy used and release during a product 's lifetime — including its production , use , transport and disposal .
life cycle analysis is a cradle-to-grave study of the materials and energy used and [free] during a product 's lifetime — including its production , use , transport and disposal .

If this is eaten by an insect , the alkaline conditions in its gut cause the crystal to dissolve , allowing gut enzymes to cleave the protoxins and release the active toxins of mass 60–70 000. δ-Endotoxins bind specifically to receptors found on the gut cell membranes of the susceptible insects .
if this is eaten by an insect , the alkaline conditions in its gut cause the crystal to dissolve , allowing gut enzymes to cleave the protoxins and [free] the active toxins of mass 60–70 000. δ-endotoxins bind specifically to receptors found on the gut cell membranes of the susceptible insects .

Heat and smoke release rates in the Kuwait situation were far less than those predicted for urban firestorms after a nuclear exchange .
heat and smoke [free] rates in the kuwait situation were far less than those predicted for urban firestorms after a nuclear exchange .

The basic question with regard to birth parents is first , whether they can or should be encouraged to release the child emotionally on the belief that this is the only way for the child to become attached to his new family .
the basic question with regard to birth parents is first , whether they can or should be encouraged to [free] the child emotionally on the belief that this is the only way for the child to become attached to his new family .

Second and equally important , as Fratter ( 1989 ) also asks , can parents release and mourn a child to whom they are attached or to put it more bluntly , can parents mourn a child that is not dead ?
second and equally important , as fratter ( 1989 ) also asks , can parents [free] and mourn a child to whom they are attached or to put it more bluntly , can parents mourn a child that is not dead ?

Hold it for a few seconds , maybe five , then release it .
hold it for a few seconds , maybe five , then [free] it .

From the clew first position release your back hand and place it on the mast below the boom .
from the clew first position [free] your back hand and place it on the mast below the boom .

As soon as it is firmly on the boom release the other hand .
as soon as it is firmly on the boom [free] the other hand .

The aim is to arrange the rig in such a way that the wind can blow under it and release it from the water .
the aim is to arrange the rig in such a way that the wind can blow under it and [free] it from the water .

Raising the rig ( Figs 55 & 56 ) The main points here are to swim vigorously into wind , which will help release the water off the back of the sail , and lift the sail upwards and diagonally into the wind .
raising the rig ( figs 55 & 56 ) the main points here are to swim vigorously into wind , which will help [free] the water off the back of the sail , and lift the sail upwards and diagonally into the wind .

Different rail shapes release the water that is flowing under the board in different ways .
different rail shapes [free] the water that is flowing under the board in different ways .

In total contrast , hard rails release water more cleanly and consequently will tend to plane earlier at the expense of not gripping quite so well in the turns .
in total contrast , hard rails [free] water more cleanly and consequently will tend to plane earlier at the expense of not gripping quite so well in the turns .

Widely used on modern boards , these are a combination of hard and soft , giving good water release and maintaining grip in turns .
widely used on modern boards , these are a combination of hard and soft , giving good water [free] and maintaining grip in turns .

In its sleekest , narrowest form , the pintail is the favourite on high wind speed boards , due to its small wetted area and clean water release .
in its sleekest , narrowest form , the pintail is the favourite on high wind speed boards , due to its small wetted area and clean water [free] .

The stronger the wind , the later you release the rig .
the stronger the wind , the later you [free] the rig .

Trial and error is the best way to learn the timing , and most people discover that it is better to release sooner rather than later .
trial and error is the best way to learn the timing , and most people discover that it is better to [free] sooner rather than later .

With feet in the straps , the ankles should be relaxed allowing the strap leeward rail to bite which will , in turn , release the pressure from the skeg .
with feet in the straps , the ankles should be relaxed allowing the strap leeward rail to bite which will , in turn , [free] the pressure from the skeg .

The large scale release of fusion energy has so far occurred only in stars and in the hydrogen bomb .
the large scale [free] of fusion energy has so far occurred only in stars and in the hydrogen bomb .

There are no serious long-term spent-fuel reprocessing or waste problems nor is there a potential for the large scale release of radioactivity .
there are no serious long-term spent-fuel reprocessing or waste problems nor is there a potential for the large scale [free] of radioactivity .

But he had to release his hold on her mouth as he dragged her up the stairs , so she screamed at Agnes and her mother , who were already on the stairhead , ‘ He 's killed him !
but he had to [free] his hold on her mouth as he dragged her up the stairs , so she screamed at agnes and her mother , who were already on the stairhead , ‘ he 's killed him !

Gedge was determined that the band would release a single , despite an acute shortage of money .
gedge was determined that the band would [free] a single , despite an acute shortage of money .

Only months after its release , the advertisements appeared in the ‘ musicians wanted ’ sections of the music papers asking for people influenced by The Wedding Present .
only months after its [free] , the advertisements appeared in the ‘ musicians wanted ’ sections of the music papers asking for people influenced by the wedding present .

Pleased with the group 's healthy sales , Red Rhino allowed the band the luxury of a colour sleeve for their third release , the double A-side , ‘ This Boy Can Wait ’ and ‘ You Should Always Keep In Touch With Your Friends ’ .
pleased with the group 's healthy sales , red rhino allowed the band the luxury of a colour sleeve for their third [free] , the double a-side , ‘ this boy can wait ’ and ‘ you should always keep in touch with your friends ’ .

Gedge went on to regret persuading the rest of the band that it was good enough for release as a single .
gedge went on to regret persuading the rest of the band that it was good enough for [free] as a single .

After ‘ Kennedy ’ he knew that in terms of chart success , ‘ Be Honest ’ or ‘ Take Me ’ would be the best songs for release as a single .
after ‘ kennedy ’ he knew that in terms of chart success , ‘ be honest ’ or ‘ take me ’ would be the best songs for [free] as a single .

Burmese release spy chief
burmese [free] spy chief

This week Mrs Weber 's lawyers lodged the 18th application for her release on bail , and received the 18th refusal .
this week mrs weber 's lawyers lodged the 18th application for her [free] on bail , and received the 18th refusal .

In Dresden , long known for a softer line than elsewhere , the Mayor , Wolfgang Berghofer , announced after talks with 20 church and New Forum opposition activists that he was willing to discuss their nine-point proposal , and release anyone arrested who was not accused of violence within 24 hours .
in dresden , long known for a softer line than elsewhere , the mayor , wolfgang berghofer , announced after talks with 20 church and new forum opposition activists that he was willing to discuss their nine-point proposal , and [free] anyone arrested who was not accused of violence within 24 hours .

De Klerk gives order for Sisulu 's release
de klerk gives order for sisulu 's [free]

Mr de Klerk also announced the release of Oscar Mpheta , a legendary figure in the black trade union movement who , at 80 , is the country 's oldest political prisoner .
mr de klerk also announced the [free] of oscar mpheta , a legendary figure in the black trade union movement who , at 80 , is the country 's oldest political prisoner .

Mr de Klerk , who said Mr Mandela 's release was ‘ not on the agenda now ’ , expressed the hope that the release of the prisoners would contribute to a spirit of reconciliation .
mr de klerk , who said mr mandela 's [free] was ‘ not on the agenda now ’ , expressed the hope that the [free] of the prisoners would contribute to a spirit of reconciliation .

Though these bits , unashamedly sentimental , met with laughter , it seemed most like a nervous release of the tension of the previous scenes .
though these bits , unashamedly sentimental , met with laughter , it seemed most like a nervous [free] of the tension of the previous scenes .

Next week sees the release of Melancholia , a directorial debut by Andi Engel , who has until now been best known for his work as a film distributor .
next week sees the [free] of melancholia , a directorial debut by andi engel , who has until now been best known for his work as a film distributor .

Release of Kurds ‘ not connected to suicide ’
[free] of kurds ‘ not connected to suicide ’

From his own continued but comfortable detention , Mr Mandela will be assessing the unconditionality of his colleagues ' release .
from his own continued but comfortable detention , mr mandela will be assessing the unconditionality of his colleagues ' [free] .

He would evidently like to make the freeing of all political prisoners a pre-condition of his own release .
he would evidently like to make the freeing of all political prisoners a pre-condition of his own [free] .

It was , at the least , bad psychology for Archbishop Desmond Tutu to belittle the release of this first batch of heavyweight political prisoners .
it was , at the least , bad psychology for archbishop desmond tutu to belittle the [free] of this first batch of heavyweight political prisoners .

Often they 're made to pay for their release and so must steal to get this money , ’ said Mr Santos .
often they 're made to pay for their [free] and so must steal to get this money , ’ said mr santos .

Lying in rows on the floor , we breathed deeply without pause , the idea being that we can cleanse our bodies of negative thoughts and that some , by actually reliving the experience of their birth , can release their first hang-ups .
lying in rows on the floor , we breathed deeply without pause , the idea being that we can cleanse our bodies of negative thoughts and that some , by actually reliving the experience of their birth , can [free] their first hang-ups .

His practice of hunger-striking when detained has attracted international attention and the displeasure of the authorities , and led to his release from custody earlier this year .
his practice of hunger-striking when detained has attracted international attention and the displeasure of the authorities , and led to his [free] from custody earlier this year .

However , no doubt mollified both by the President 's dramatic decision on Tuesday to announce the release of eight long-term political prisoners and by the urbanity of his style , the archbishop did note that the talks had proceeded in ‘ a far better atmosphere ’ than previous encounters he has had with the government .
however , no doubt mollified both by the president 's dramatic decision on tuesday to announce the [free] of eight long-term political prisoners and by the urbanity of his style , the archbishop did note that the talks had proceeded in ‘ a far better atmosphere ’ than previous encounters he has had with the government .

Mrs Thatcher called the move ‘ a major step in the right direction … we hope it will lead on to the release of Nelson Mandela and open the way for negotiations for a new constitution for South Africa ’ .
mrs thatcher called the move ‘ a major step in the right direction … we hope it will lead on to the [free] of nelson mandela and open the way for negotiations for a new constitution for south africa ’ .

Its statement spelt out the process : the release of other political prisoners , the return of political exiles , the lifting of the state of emergency and other political restrictions , and negotiations on a peaceful transition to a non-racial and democratic South Africa .
its statement spelt out the process : the [free] of other political prisoners , the return of political exiles , the lifting of the state of emergency and other political restrictions , and negotiations on a peaceful transition to a non-racial and democratic south africa .

America , which supported Wallenberg 's activities in Budapest , quietly forgot , while Israel did little to honour him and even less to secure his release .
america , which supported wallenberg 's activities in budapest , quietly forgot , while israel did little to honour him and even less to secure his [free] .

As for public protection , this depends on executive decisions with regard to release ; it fails to take into account whether it is necessary for public protection to keep ‘ lifers ’ in for so long .
as for public protection , this depends on executive decisions with regard to [free] ; it fails to take into account whether it is necessary for public protection to keep ‘ lifers ’ in for so long .

What it means is that the time of release from prison is determined by the Home Secretary , on the advice of the Parole Board and the Lord Chief Justice , rather than by the judge at the trial .
what it means is that the time of [free] from prison is determined by the home secretary , on the advice of the parole board and the lord chief justice , rather than by the judge at the trial .

In procedural terms , therefore , the life sentence involves a transfer of function : normally it is the judge who determines the sentence ( or at least its upper limit , since earlier release on parole may be possible ) , whereas a life sentence entrusts that function to the executive , who must first ascertain the opinions of the Lord Chief Justice and the trial judge .
in procedural terms , therefore , the life sentence involves a transfer of function : normally it is the judge who determines the sentence ( or at least its upper limit , since earlier [free] on parole may be possible ) , whereas a life sentence entrusts that function to the executive , who must first ascertain the opinions of the lord chief justice and the trial judge .

In 1983 the Home Secretary imposed restrictions on the release of persons serving life for murders of police- and prison-officers , terrorist killings , murder during robbery , and the sadistic or sexual murder of young children , fixing a minimum of twenty years ' imprisonment for these offenders .
in 1983 the home secretary imposed restrictions on the [free] of persons serving life for murders of police- and prison-officers , terrorist killings , murder during robbery , and the sadistic or sexual murder of young children , fixing a minimum of twenty years ' imprisonment for these offenders .

At present , the executive takes decisions to release some murderers after only a few years and to keep others in prison for extremely long periods .
at present , the executive takes decisions to [free] some murderers after only a few years and to keep others in prison for extremely long periods .

In cases where life imprisonment was thought to be the appropriate sentence , the trial judge would still specify — in open court — the number of years to be spent in prison , taking the gravity of the offence into account , and release would be determined by a judicial tribunal .
in cases where life imprisonment was thought to be the appropriate sentence , the trial judge would still specify — in open court — the number of years to be spent in prison , taking the gravity of the offence into account , and [free] would be determined by a judicial tribunal .

However , the House of Lords preferred to see a conviction for murder in these cases , with the use of executive discretion to secure an early release from the mandatory sentence of life imprisonment for offenders who killed when under duress , and thus appear to have reduced culpability .
however , the house of lords preferred to see a conviction for murder in these cases , with the use of executive discretion to secure an early [free] from the mandatory sentence of life imprisonment for offenders who killed when under duress , and thus appear to have reduced culpability .

These release nitrogen into the soil as they rot which can be used by the next crop .
these [free] nitrogen into the soil as they rot which can be used by the next crop .

Mungo could not explain why but he felt a sense of release at being out of the village , if only for a short time .
mungo could not explain why but he felt a sense of [free] at being out of the village , if only for a short time .

Small drawers , their lists of contents framed in brass on the front , stretched from floor to ceiling ; nails in any length ; screws ditto , tacks , washers , hinges , brackets ; all stacked and still , awaiting the request that would release them from their unemployment .
small drawers , their lists of contents framed in brass on the front , stretched from floor to ceiling ; nails in any length ; screws ditto , tacks , washers , hinges , brackets ; all stacked and still , awaiting the request that would [free] them from their unemployment .

He had only two more readings the next day , in Perth , before his release .
he had only two more readings the next day , in perth , before his [free] .

Scrambling the whole of its release schedule of 15 or so films into a sublimely muddled montage of fast edits and visual ‘ high 's , it 's incomprehensible but hypnotic .
scrambling the whole of its [free] schedule of 15 or so films into a sublimely muddled montage of fast edits and visual ‘ high 's , it 's incomprehensible but hypnotic .

’ According to Dolph , The Eleventh Hour , more conspiracy thriller than action flick , fits this gameplan , as does Dark Agnel , a cop caper about intergalactic drug dealers , due for a July release .
’ according to dolph , the eleventh hour , more conspiracy thriller than action flick , fits this gameplan , as does dark agnel , a cop caper about intergalactic drug dealers , due for a july [free] .

If we did see some figure approaching , or standing in the distance , we would release our tense handclasp , fingers intertwined , and walk apart , puffing idly at our cigarettes or lighting new ones from Pablo 's box of fosforos , as if we were just friends out for a casual stroll .
if we did see some figure approaching , or standing in the distance , we would [free] our tense handclasp , fingers intertwined , and walk apart , puffing idly at our cigarettes or lighting new ones from pablo 's box of fosforos , as if we were just friends out for a casual stroll .

Will not go wandering without release
will not go wandering without [free]

Now the Beaconsfield trio finally release a follow-up on the Creation label — ‘ Philly ’ , which has a few string sounds that may have been influenced by ( or stolen from ) old Philadelphia International disco classics , but which otherwise is a solid gold indie dance tune .
now the beaconsfield trio finally [free] a follow-up on the creation label — ‘ philly ’ , which has a few string sounds that may have been influenced by ( or stolen from ) old philadelphia international disco classics , but which otherwise is a solid gold indie dance tune .

First release will either be the atmospheric ‘ Tomorrow 's Day ’ , or the livelier ‘ It 's Like This ’ but — despite attention from major labels — Reborn are n't looking for overkill .
first [free] will either be the atmospheric ‘ tomorrow 's day ’ , or the livelier ‘ it 's like this ’ but — despite attention from major labels — reborn are n't looking for overkill .

It is the last leg of an interview marathon which began this summer , when Cooltempo , anticipating an earlier release for the record , flew a plane-load of Britain 's music press out to meet her in New York .
it is the last leg of an interview marathon which began this summer , when cooltempo , anticipating an earlier [free] for the record , flew a plane-load of britain 's music press out to meet her in new york .

In a few days we shall announce our exact demands which must be fulfilled before we release Liam Shakespeare . Be prepared to support these demands !
in a few days we shall announce our exact demands which must be fulfilled before we [free] liam shakespeare . be prepared to support these demands !

‘ … free People today announced what they are demanding in exchange for the release of Liam Shakespeare .
‘ … free people today announced what they are demanding in exchange for the [free] of liam shakespeare .

However , it soon pulled itself together and shot off in the other direction — no doubt grateful of the intervention which gave its release .
however , it soon pulled itself together and shot off in the other direction — no doubt grateful of the intervention which gave its [free] .

And the delirious thrill of release as that bottle detonated against the wall had been terrifying in its power .
and the delirious thrill of [free] as that bottle detonated against the wall had been terrifying in its power .

It was a great release from the torture of doubt , confusion , and anxiety to abandon her mind to revenge .
it was a great [free] from the torture of doubt , confusion , and anxiety to abandon her mind to revenge .

The experience of the early Christians depicted in Acts was without doubt an experience of release , as they came to abandon practices which they found restrictive , and which had been encapsulated in laws which served to keep the Jews apart from the rest of the nations .
the experience of the early christians depicted in acts was without doubt an experience of [free] , as they came to abandon practices which they found restrictive , and which had been encapsulated in laws which served to keep the jews apart from the rest of the nations .

Two agents are commonly used sodium perborate ( which is a compound of hydrogen peroxide and sodium metaborate and acts as a solid source of hydrogen peroxide ) and sodium hypochlorite ( common bleach ) although other chlorine release agents are used .
two agents are commonly used sodium perborate ( which is a compound of hydrogen peroxide and sodium metaborate and acts as a solid source of hydrogen peroxide ) and sodium hypochlorite ( common bleach ) although other chlorine [free] agents are used .

soil release coatings
soil [free] coatings

Other chlorine release agents
other chlorine [free] agents

Other chlorine release agents : Commercial formulations are aimed at providing the performance advantages of hypochlorites while reducing the number of disadvantages .
other chlorine [free] agents : commercial formulations are aimed at providing the performance advantages of hypochlorites while reducing the number of disadvantages .

Total alkalinity is often modified , downwards , by the use of less aggressive alkalis , such as sodium carbonate or sodium metasilicate , and , not infrequently , especially in dishwashing formulations , chlorine release agents such as di and tri chloroisocyanuric acid salts .
total alkalinity is often modified , downwards , by the use of less aggressive alkalis , such as sodium carbonate or sodium metasilicate , and , not infrequently , especially in dishwashing formulations , chlorine [free] agents such as di and tri chloroisocyanuric acid salts .

Other formulations include chlorine release agents or perborates but all are powerful surfactants to promote film spread which is the basis of rapid drying .
other formulations include chlorine [free] agents or perborates but all are powerful surfactants to promote film spread which is the basis of rapid drying .

Abrasive cleaners : At their simplest these are the scouring powders formulated from little more than sand or feldspar , the aggregate and a small amount of chlorine release agent .
abrasive cleaners : at their simplest these are the scouring powders formulated from little more than sand or feldspar , the aggregate and a small amount of chlorine [free] agent .

Sometimes the release is explosive and the result can be fatal .
sometimes the [free] is explosive and the result can be fatal .

The employment of qualified staff and the release of existing staff to vocational training courses .
the employment of qualified staff and the [free] of existing staff to vocational training courses .

The librarian tiptoed away to telephone : whilst he was gone , the dead leaves continued a kind of rustling and shifting , enlivened by their release .
the librarian tiptoed away to telephone : whilst he was gone , the dead leaves continued a kind of rustling and shifting , enlivened by their [free] .

And he knew — it is always so , after all — that the true adventure was the release of this sleeper , who would then be his grateful bride .
and he knew — it is always so , after all — that the true adventure was the [free] of this sleeper , who would then be his grateful bride .

Moreover , the narrative , based on Mexican myths about life after death , is narrated from the grave , where Comala 's former inhabitants , far from finding release in the afterlife , are condemned to relive eternally the frustrations and torments of their earthly existence .
moreover , the narrative , based on mexican myths about life after death , is narrated from the grave , where comala 's former inhabitants , far from finding [free] in the afterlife , are condemned to relive eternally the frustrations and torments of their earthly existence .

The Derry republicans had organised a Release the Prisoners Committee in 1962 , but they then retired into obscurity until 1966 , when six members were arrested for taking part in an illegal Easter Rising commemoration .
the derry republicans had organised a [free] the prisoners committee in 1962 , but they then retired into obscurity until 1966 , when six members were arrested for taking part in an illegal easter rising commemoration .

The legendary wealth of the Incas sounded almost as unlikely , as marvellous to me as it must have done to Pizarro and his cohorts , many of whom were peasants drawn from an arid future in Estremadura . When Atahualpa offered gold as a ransom for his release Pizarro had asked , ‘ How much gold ? ’
the legendary wealth of the incas sounded almost as unlikely , as marvellous to me as it must have done to pizarro and his cohorts , many of whom were peasants drawn from an arid future in estremadura . when atahualpa offered gold as a ransom for his [free] pizarro had asked , ‘ how much gold ? ’

Some of the lighter moments around the time of the release of Easy Rider and Nicholson 's coming-out party , provided contrasting and bizarre elements which were all relevant to the age in which he would become established as their hero .
some of the lighter moments around the time of the [free] of easy rider and nicholson 's coming-out party , provided contrasting and bizarre elements which were all relevant to the age in which he would become established as their hero .

The publicity the film attracted in Cannes followed Nicholson back to America where it was due for New York opening in July which , as Karen Black told me later , was an odd time : ‘ It was a college film and so it goes on release at exactly the same time as the colleges are closing down for the summer and everyone is going home .
the publicity the film attracted in cannes followed nicholson back to america where it was due for new york opening in july which , as karen black told me later , was an odd time : ‘ it was a college film and so it goes on [free] at exactly the same time as the colleges are closing down for the summer and everyone is going home .

Thanks also for your thoughts on the release of new material to customers .
thanks also for your thoughts on the [free] of new material to customers .

Scatter slow release fertiliser round all plants that have been heavily pruned to encourage them to renew themselves .
scatter slow [free] fertiliser round all plants that have been heavily pruned to encourage them to renew themselves .

The accompanying press release tells us they are ‘ heading into a harder , rockier realm ’ .
the accompanying press [free] tells us they are ‘ heading into a harder , rockier realm ’ .

Tom Verlaine was the driving force behind New York art punks Television , whose Marquee Moon debut remains a rock classic , and who are about to release a comeback album after some 15 years apart .
tom verlaine was the driving force behind new york art punks television , whose marquee moon debut remains a rock classic , and who are about to [free] a comeback album after some 15 years apart .

Many companies hoped that the end to uncertainty would result in the release of orders held back because of the election .
many companies hoped that the end to uncertainty would result in the [free] of orders held back because of the election .

The American embassy in Lilongwe reacted at once , saying that it viewed his arrest ‘ in the most serious way ’ and urged his immediate release .
the american embassy in lilongwe reacted at once , saying that it viewed his arrest ‘ in the most serious way ’ and urged his immediate [free] .

Arguably centralisation would release resources for local purposes .
arguably centralisation would [free] resources for local purposes .

Marjorie cried too , and at last they were able to release much of their pent-up grief .
marjorie cried too , and at last they were able to [free] much of their pent-up grief .

Both pockets have two retaining straps with quick release buckles and this does mean a lot of excess strapping when the pockets are n't full .
both pockets have two retaining straps with quick [free] buckles and this does mean a lot of excess strapping when the pockets are n't full .

Rescalc 2.0 resistor calculator has been much improved since its original release .
rescalc 2.0 resistor calculator has been much improved since its original [free] .

Invaluable time-saver for analogue design , Rescalc release 2.0 is much improved and pays for itself within hours , says Ben Duncan
invaluable time-saver for analogue design , rescalc [free] 2.0 is much improved and pays for itself within hours , says ben duncan

In any future release , two welcome refinements would be the simultaneous inclusion of source and load resistances in divider computations ; and audio and communications designers would like to be able to toggle divider ratios and percent error , to read out in dB voltage ( log20 ) and maybe power ( log10 ) deciBels .
in any future [free] , two welcome refinements would be the simultaneous inclusion of source and load resistances in divider computations ; and audio and communications designers would like to be able to toggle divider ratios and percent error , to read out in db voltage ( log20 ) and maybe power ( log10 ) decibels .

We shall have four-yearly conventions … you can drop your resolutions and buy balloons ; because that is all you will be able to release when you come to these conventions .
we shall have four-yearly conventions … you can drop your resolutions and buy balloons ; because that is all you will be able to [free] when you come to these conventions .

It is surprising therefore , that there has been so little public interest in this country in proposals to release into the environment living , man-made creatures .
it is surprising therefore , that there has been so little public interest in this country in proposals to [free] into the environment living , man-made creatures .

They have recommended that anyone who intends to release a genetically manipulated organism into the environment should first seek consent of some ‘ competent authority ’ which must be satisfied that the proposed release is as safe as reasonably practicable .
they have recommended that anyone who intends to [free] a genetically manipulated organism into the environment should first seek consent of some ‘ competent authority ’ which must be satisfied that the proposed [free] is as safe as reasonably practicable .

Release without consent will be a crime , regardless of the innocuousness or otherwise of the organism .
[free] without consent will be a crime , regardless of the innocuousness or otherwise of the organism .

Before the ‘ competent authority ’ sanctions any release into the environment it should stipulate that the releaser has to take out an insurance policy that will cover it for any consequential damage to the environment and necessary clean-up operations .
before the ‘ competent authority ’ sanctions any [free] into the environment it should stipulate that the releaser has to take out an insurance policy that will cover it for any consequential damage to the environment and necessary clean-up operations .

Bernard Ulrich and colleagues at the University of Gottingen had proposed that deposition of sulphur and nitrogen compounds ( originating from industrial activity and power generation ) led to the release of aluminium from minerals in the soil .
bernard ulrich and colleagues at the university of gottingen had proposed that deposition of sulphur and nitrogen compounds ( originating from industrial activity and power generation ) led to the [free] of aluminium from minerals in the soil .

‘ It will eventually happen and when it does it will be like a release valve .
‘ it will eventually happen and when it does it will be like a [free] valve .

Her release sends her soaring in grands jetés en avant through the magic garden .
her [free] sends her soaring in grands jetés en avant through the magic garden .

‘ Please make sure you go to the press desk and get your personalised press release to send to the local papers , ’ Mr Smeaton announced .
‘ please make sure you go to the press desk and get your personalised press [free] to send to the local papers , ’ mr smeaton announced .

First , that he allowed Framework Management Ltd to go into liquidation admitting it owed £21,000 to Higgins ( who claimed he was owed £51,000 ) ; and , second , that he had caused to be issued in 1988 ‘ a press release regarding a tournament to be held in Peking stating , and telling Mr Higgins in order to induce him to take part in the tournament , that the first prize was £35,000 when in fact it was not ’ .
first , that he allowed framework management ltd to go into liquidation admitting it owed £21,000 to higgins ( who claimed he was owed £51,000 ) ; and , second , that he had caused to be issued in 1988 ‘ a press [free] regarding a tournament to be held in peking stating , and telling mr higgins in order to induce him to take part in the tournament , that the first prize was £35,000 when in fact it was not ’ .

Kendall , aged 43 , was City 's initial choice after Mel Machin had been sacked , but discussions broke down when the former Everton and Athletic Bilbao manager insisted on a release clause in his contract should he be approached by England .
kendall , aged 43 , was city 's initial choice after mel machin had been sacked , but discussions broke down when the former everton and athletic bilbao manager insisted on a [free] clause in his contract should he be approached by england .

Kendall , aged 43 , was City 's initial choice after Mel Machin had been sacked , but discussions broke down when the former Everton and Athletic Bilbao manager insisted on a release clause in his contract should he be approached by England .
kendall , aged 43 , was city 's initial choice after mel machin had been sacked , but discussions broke down when the former everton and athletic bilbao manager insisted on a [free] clause in his contract should he be approached by england .

Research is now being intensified at Dundee University , which has the world 's leading expertise on the subject , in an attempt to understand what makes the algae release the potentially fatal toxins .
research is now being intensified at dundee university , which has the world 's leading expertise on the subject , in an attempt to understand what makes the algae [free] the potentially fatal toxins .

Prosamo ( which stands for planned release of selected and modified organisms ) is sponsoring a wide range of studies on the behaviour of genetically engineered organisms in the environment .
prosamo ( which stands for planned [free] of selected and modified organisms ) is sponsoring a wide range of studies on the behaviour of genetically engineered organisms in the environment .

Similarly a new story is now doing the rounds in the wake of the release of the Guildford Four .
similarly a new story is now doing the rounds in the wake of the [free] of the guildford four .

Separatist Muslim militants kidnapped the daughter of an Indian minister yesterday and are demanding the release of five jailed colleagues as ransom , police said .
separatist muslim militants kidnapped the daughter of an indian minister yesterday and are demanding the [free] of five jailed colleagues as ransom , police said .

Baroness Hooper , the Government 's junior health spokeswoman , put her name to a press release which effectively said people could eat sugar without worry .
baroness hooper , the government 's junior health spokeswoman , put her name to a press [free] which effectively said people could eat sugar without worry .

The press release accompanied a report on Dietary Sugars and Human Disease , which took a government-appointed panel of experts more than two years to prepare .
the press [free] accompanied a report on dietary sugars and human disease , which took a government-appointed panel of experts more than two years to prepare .

Land release boosts forestry ...
land [free] boosts forestry ...

All offenders should be supervised after their release and returned to prison to serve out their full sentences if they re-offended .
all offenders should be supervised after their [free] and returned to prison to serve out their full sentences if they re-offended .

The policy of releasing prisoners into the community without a transitional period of supervision was challenged earlier this year following the case of David Evans , who murdered the schoolgirl Anna Humphries shortly after his release .
the policy of releasing prisoners into the community without a transitional period of supervision was challenged earlier this year following the case of david evans , who murdered the schoolgirl anna humphries shortly after his [free] .

The next evening he addressed a large anti-government rally in Bratislava and within 48 hours of his release , he was negotiating with the prime minister about political change .
the next evening he addressed a large anti-government rally in bratislava and within 48 hours of his [free] , he was negotiating with the prime minister about political change .

Thousands of Taiwanese rallied yesterday to mark the 10th anniversary of an anti-government riot and demand the release of dissidents involved in the 1979 incident .
thousands of taiwanese rallied yesterday to mark the 10th anniversary of an anti-government riot and demand the [free] of dissidents involved in the 1979 incident .

This leaves unit holders with vague promises of release from investments they have already been locked into for over a month — and may well be for a further two months or more .
this leaves unit holders with vague promises of [free] from investments they have already been locked into for over a month — and may well be for a further two months or more .

This leaves unit holders with vague promises of release from investments they have already been locked into for over a month — and may well be for a further two months or more .
this leaves unit holders with vague promises of [free] from investments they have already been locked into for over a month — and may well be for a further two months or more .

The reporter will not necessarily present the information in the same manner as the press release or letter .
the reporter will not necessarily present the information in the same manner as the press [free] or letter .

If the first were correct , surely a house full of children and servants would have heard poor William 's pleas and , even if they had been too frightened of his mother 's retribution to release him , surely they would have passed him food .
if the first were correct , surely a house full of children and servants would have heard poor william 's pleas and , even if they had been too frightened of his mother 's retribution to [free] him , surely they would have passed him food .

Last week a press release issued jointly by the two departments warned pregnant women of the dangers of Chlamydia psittaci , an organism that infects sheep and can cause pregnant ewes to abort .
last week a press [free] issued jointly by the two departments warned pregnant women of the dangers of chlamydia psittaci , an organism that infects sheep and can cause pregnant ewes to abort .

To reach the sensible advice , however , you have to pass through the headline on the press release : ‘ Advice to pregnant women during lambing periods ’ .
to reach the sensible advice , however , you have to pass through the headline on the press [free] : ‘ advice to pregnant women during lambing periods ’ .

The prosaic simplicity of the question seemed to release and dissipate their suppressed anxiety and resentment , and the young man went scarlet with shame .
the prosaic simplicity of the question seemed to [free] and dissipate their suppressed anxiety and resentment , and the young man went scarlet with shame .

Military conscription has always been a useful way of soaking up young people and even though Russia is suffering from a decline in the birthrate the sudden release of a large number of men on to the civilian labour market might be difficult to absorb at a time when Gorbachev is trying to raise productivity .
military conscription has always been a useful way of soaking up young people and even though russia is suffering from a decline in the birthrate the sudden [free] of a large number of men on to the civilian labour market might be difficult to absorb at a time when gorbachev is trying to raise productivity .

The first was a continuation of the earlier sales because Iran had now promised that within about two months it would be able to arrange the release of the remaining five American hostages .
the first was a continuation of the earlier sales because iran had now promised that within about two months it would be able to arrange the [free] of the remaining five american hostages .

In order to extricate himself Rafsanjani gave details of the entire American arms-supply operation to the Lebanese magazine Al-Shiraa which published them on 3 November , the day after Jacobsen 's release .
in order to extricate himself rafsanjani gave details of the entire american arms-supply operation to the lebanese magazine al-shiraa which published them on 3 november , the day after jacobsen 's [free] .

Agrarian reform was needed to release the peasantry from traditional forms and low levels of remuneration in order to increase their purchasing power to provide a stimulus for the growth and expansion of local manufacturing firms .
agrarian reform was needed to [free] the peasantry from traditional forms and low levels of remuneration in order to increase their purchasing power to provide a stimulus for the growth and expansion of local manufacturing firms .

And it was nice to have someone else caress your body , and release the springs of pleasure hidden within it , instead of having to do the job yourself .
and it was nice to have someone else caress your body , and [free] the springs of pleasure hidden within it , instead of having to do the job yourself .

Wilcox told her to get in and release the bonnet catch .
wilcox told her to get in and [free] the bonnet catch .

It is probably the closest thing we have to the slave trade here in Britain but many horse-mad children will cheerfully spend day after day employed in this fashion , and the school holidays release an army of willing helpers .
it is probably the closest thing we have to the slave trade here in britain but many horse-mad children will cheerfully spend day after day employed in this fashion , and the school holidays [free] an army of willing helpers .

If there is no release , then after six hours ' detention , in steps the ‘ review officer ’ , at least of inspector rank , again unconnected with the investigation , who now determines whether there is sufficient evidence to charge .
if there is no [free] , then after six hours ' detention , in steps the ‘ review officer ’ , at least of inspector rank , again unconnected with the investigation , who now determines whether there is sufficient evidence to charge .

The detainee can make a formal complaint after release , but this offers little solace to the aggrieved individual .
the detainee can make a formal complaint after [free] , but this offers little solace to the aggrieved individual .

Their treatment caused three hundred miners to demonstrate spontaneously outside Lincoln Prison for their release .
their treatment caused three hundred miners to demonstrate spontaneously outside lincoln prison for their [free] .

And Elinor was just going to have to wait for her merciful release .
and elinor was just going to have to wait for her merciful [free] .

She helps the patient transfer his weight onto his hemiplegic leg , and then release his normal leg so that it can move freely sideways .
she helps the patient transfer his weight onto his hemiplegic leg , and then [free] his normal leg so that it can move freely sideways .

In treatment , he was guided through intensive work for his shoulder girdle to release the spasticity .
in treatment , he was guided through intensive work for his shoulder girdle to [free] the spasticity .

Many people claim that Frederick was imprisoned by the Turks , and that after his release he returned to Kaiserslautern and lived there for a long time .
many people claim that frederick was imprisoned by the turks , and that after his [free] he returned to kaiserslautern and lived there for a long time .

This undramatic release of large volumes of lava , would , if one had to give it a name , probably best be described as a Hawaiian-type eruption .
this undramatic [free] of large volumes of lava , would , if one had to give it a name , probably best be described as a hawaiian-type eruption .

It should be laid to a fall with a drain cock to release condensation in the pipe .
it should be laid to a fall with a drain cock to [free] condensation in the pipe .

If you have a special skill , such as being a trained accountant , a hairdresser , or even a public relations consultant , there are always charities who can do with an honorary treasurer , an old people 's home that would love some free hairdressing for their residents , or an organisation that needs a brochure or press release written .
if you have a special skill , such as being a trained accountant , a hairdresser , or even a public relations consultant , there are always charities who can do with an honorary treasurer , an old people 's home that would love some free hairdressing for their residents , or an organisation that needs a brochure or press [free] written .

The Cannon cinema , Abington Square shows all the latest films on release , while the Forum Cinema at Weston Favell is the regional film theatre .
the cannon cinema , abington square shows all the latest films on [free] , while the forum cinema at weston favell is the regional film theatre .

Another danger of the release of nitrous oxides is their contribution to acid rain , the chemical cocktail which can attack lakes , forests , ancient buildings etc ( see Chapter 3 ) .
another danger of the [free] of nitrous oxides is their contribution to acid rain , the chemical cocktail which can attack lakes , forests , ancient buildings etc ( see chapter 3 ) .

Burning of rainforest trees is believed to release between 15 and 25 per cent of all carbon dioxide into the atmosphere , and is therefore a substantial contribution to the greenhouse effect .
burning of rainforest trees is believed to [free] between 15 and 25 per cent of all carbon dioxide into the atmosphere , and is therefore a substantial contribution to the greenhouse effect .

While methods can be undertaken to contain the release of toxic fumes , most incinerators presently in use are between 13 and 15 years old and do not meet the pollution safety standards required .
while methods can be undertaken to contain the [free] of toxic fumes , most incinerators presently in use are between 13 and 15 years old and do not meet the pollution safety standards required .

The waves breaking on the shore release plutonium , creating a radioactive mist which is then inhaled .
the waves breaking on the shore [free] plutonium , creating a radioactive mist which is then inhaled .

Cling film wrapping , generally in very close contact with food , is now known to release plasticisers , potential carcinogens , into its contents .
cling film wrapping , generally in very close contact with food , is now known to [free] plasticisers , potential carcinogens , into its contents .

It is also needed for the release of energy from food .
it is also needed for the [free] of energy from food .

Riboflavin is needed for healthy skin hair and nails , and for the release of energy from food .
riboflavin is needed for healthy skin hair and nails , and for the [free] of energy from food .

It is also needed for the release of energy .
it is also needed for the [free] of energy .

Pantothenic acid is necessary for the release of energy from fat and carbohydrate in foods
pantothenic acid is necessary for the [free] of energy from fat and carbohydrate in foods

The tetanus bacteria grow at the site of the injury and release a toxin which produces rigid muscles and muscle contractions .
the tetanus bacteria grow at the site of the injury and [free] a toxin which produces rigid muscles and muscle contractions .

The continuing popularity of ‘ mother-in-law ’ jokes reinforces a universally recognized truth that marriage does not necessarily release people from the grip of their parents .
the continuing popularity of ‘ mother-in-law ’ jokes reinforces a universally recognized truth that marriage does not necessarily [free] people from the grip of their parents .

There 's a sense of release after the excitement , of fulfilment .
there 's a sense of [free] after the excitement , of fulfilment .

He departed with authorisation to release all young internees who were willing to join the Pioneer Corps .
he departed with authorisation to [free] all young internees who were willing to join the pioneer corps .

Undeterred , two months later Hannah enrolled at University College , London to read French , having obtained her release from war work on medical grounds .
undeterred , two months later hannah enrolled at university college , london to read french , having obtained her [free] from war work on medical grounds .

It was not far , it has to be said , but far enough for enrolment with the Auxiliary Military Pioneer Corps , later known as the Royal Pioneer Corps , to secure release from internment .
it was not far , it has to be said , but far enough for enrolment with the auxiliary military pioneer corps , later known as the royal pioneer corps , to secure [free] from internment .

With only one medical officer on hand , their release took some time .
with only one medical officer on hand , their [free] took some time .

Quick release buckle .
quick [free] buckle .

Quick release buckle .
quick [free] buckle .

You will be among the first to know how a new release can really help you , already evaluated and tested by our experts .
you will be among the first to know how a new [free] can really help you , already evaluated and tested by our experts .

These aircraft are directed to the fire by a helicopter and release their 2,000 litres of water in three seconds , and ‘ then you have to push the stick forward !
these aircraft are directed to the fire by a helicopter and [free] their 2,000 litres of water in three seconds , and ‘ then you have to push the stick forward !

The inherent danger of reliance on any particular method , and one that was apparent in some responses , is the tendency for libraries who can not utilize external courses or release staff internally as they would ideally like to , largely to abandon ( or never fully entertain ) , the concept of systematic training for all staff .
the inherent danger of reliance on any particular method , and one that was apparent in some responses , is the tendency for libraries who can not utilize external courses or [free] staff internally as they would ideally like to , largely to abandon ( or never fully entertain ) , the concept of systematic training for all staff .

Nearly as many people mentioned the problem of not being able to release staff to be trained ( see Table 25 ) :
nearly as many people mentioned the problem of not being able to [free] staff to be trained ( see table 25 ) :

As an independent small library , all such decisions would be submitted to the library committee for consideration if they involved expenditure or day release implications ’ … ‘ Authorisation to attend courses must be obtained from the education chairman ’ … ‘ Control is exercised by the chairman of the establishment committee who needs to be convinced of the value of each and every application ’ … ‘ If the cost involved is very high , the Chief Officer of the Library Authority has to approve attendance ’ .
as an independent small library , all such decisions would be submitted to the library committee for consideration if they involved expenditure or day [free] implications ’ … ‘ authorisation to attend courses must be obtained from the education chairman ’ … ‘ control is exercised by the chairman of the establishment committee who needs to be convinced of the value of each and every application ’ … ‘ if the cost involved is very high , the chief officer of the library authority has to approve attendance ’ .

Smaller library authorities have traditionally faced the problem of lack of staff ‘ mobility ’ , with difficulties in releasing staff from normal service points : the ability of libraries with larger establishments to release groups of staff , making internal training viable and economic , or to be able to afford external courses , has perhaps contributed to a tendency to define training largely in terms of off-the-job courses which may have discouraged some libraries from even attempting to develop a coherent overall training plan .
smaller library authorities have traditionally faced the problem of lack of staff ‘ mobility ’ , with difficulties in releasing staff from normal service points : the ability of libraries with larger establishments to [free] groups of staff , making internal training viable and economic , or to be able to afford external courses , has perhaps contributed to a tendency to define training largely in terms of off-the-job courses which may have discouraged some libraries from even attempting to develop a coherent overall training plan .

The pessimistic assumption , occasionally evident in this survey , that systematic in-service training can only be undertaken by larger or wealthier authorities-those able to release staff from service points easily , or able to afford expensive external courses — is disturbing , inequitable and inaccurate .
the pessimistic assumption , occasionally evident in this survey , that systematic in-service training can only be undertaken by larger or wealthier authorities-those able to [free] staff from service points easily , or able to afford expensive external courses — is disturbing , inequitable and inaccurate .

For Andrew alcohol gives no such release for mental biopsy , his examinations always seem to take place in a sober frame of mind and quite often match the skill of doctor 's probe .
for andrew alcohol gives no such [free] for mental biopsy , his examinations always seem to take place in a sober frame of mind and quite often match the skill of doctor 's probe .

Before dispatching the rabbit it is necessary to induce the ferret to release its hold .
before dispatching the rabbit it is necessary to induce the ferret to [free] its hold .

There was the extra work of drying all the nets the following day , plus the repairs , the gutting and hanging of the rabbits and the release of does in a warren .
there was the extra work of drying all the nets the following day , plus the repairs , the gutting and hanging of the rabbits and the [free] of does in a warren .

Seeds such as fennel should be bruised before being made into an infusion to release the essential oils from the cells .
seeds such as fennel should be bruised before being made into an infusion to [free] the essential oils from the cells .

The room should be very warm and draught-free ; chilled muscles contract , causing a release of adrenalin — something you are trying to soothe away in the first place .
the room should be very warm and draught-free ; chilled muscles contract , causing a [free] of adrenalin — something you are trying to soothe away in the first place .

When you reach the base of the skull , use all your fingers and gently circle the area several times to release any muscle tension ( see Fig .
when you reach the base of the skull , use all your fingers and gently circle the area several times to [free] any muscle tension ( see fig .

The idea is to become aware of the two extremes of tension and release , for until we do a thing consciously , we are not fully aware of it .
the idea is to become aware of the two extremes of tension and [free] , for until we do a thing consciously , we are not fully aware of it .

Tense each part then let it go , experiencing a wonderful sensation of release .
tense each part then let it go , experiencing a wonderful sensation of [free] .

If you feel yourself tensing up , then spare a few moments to release that tension and see the difference it can make .
if you feel yourself tensing up , then spare a few moments to [free] that tension and see the difference it can make .

However , the tumult in Cornwall caused by his imprisonment may well have been sufficient to secure the acquittal and release of Trelawney and the other six bishops .
however , the tumult in cornwall caused by his imprisonment may well have been sufficient to secure the acquittal and [free] of trelawney and the other six bishops .

Four main factors encouraged the decline in employment in the 1980s : first , the concentration of older workers , in many instances , in declining industries ; second , the operation of particular schemes to promote worker redeployment ( eg the Redundancy Payments Act ) or replacement ( the Job Release Scheme ) ; third , the pressure of high unemployment ; fourth , changing attitudes among government , business , trade unions and older people themselves , in respect of the older worker 's right to employment in relation to other younger age groups .
four main factors encouraged the decline in employment in the 1980s : first , the concentration of older workers , in many instances , in declining industries ; second , the operation of particular schemes to promote worker redeployment ( eg the redundancy payments act ) or replacement ( the job [free] scheme ) ; third , the pressure of high unemployment ; fourth , changing attitudes among government , business , trade unions and older people themselves , in respect of the older worker 's right to employment in relation to other younger age groups .

For some , a new way of praying will be a welcome release from the straitjacket of past patterns .
for some , a new way of praying will be a welcome [free] from the straitjacket of past patterns .

This new Alton band provide lots of variety on their debut release without going overboard .
this new alton band provide lots of variety on their debut [free] without going overboard .

An essential release for grungers everywhere .
an essential [free] for grungers everywhere .

The group 's first vinyl release , Feel so Fine , was largely responsible for this success .
the group 's first vinyl [free] , feel so fine , was largely responsible for this success .

Every song they release sounds so different .
every song they [free] sounds so different .

We 'd like to release Family as a joint effort with them , if we do n't get signed up to a record company first !
we 'd like to [free] family as a joint effort with them , if we do n't get signed up to a record company first !

And , in the Franks Report on ministerial handling of the conflict , we have an archive which not only shortens dramatically the interval before the normal release of classified information but goes considerably further than any disclosures at the end of the statutory thirty years in the amount of intelligence material displayed .
and , in the franks report on ministerial handling of the conflict , we have an archive which not only shortens dramatically the interval before the normal [free] of classified information but goes considerably further than any disclosures at the end of the statutory thirty years in the amount of intelligence material displayed .

The Oldham directors resolutely refused to release their local man , and after several hours of talks Chapman asked : ‘ All right , then , what about this other chap Taylor ?
the oldham directors resolutely refused to [free] their local man , and after several hours of talks chapman asked : ‘ all right , then , what about this other chap taylor ?

The timing of the information release is ideal — usually just after publication date — but the amount and presentation of information is less than helpful .
the timing of the information [free] is ideal — usually just after publication date — but the amount and presentation of information is less than helpful .

formerly in John Street in the Adelphi , west London ; where Wardle gives his dinner-party after Pickwick 's release from the Fleet .
formerly in john street in the adelphi , west london ; where wardle gives his dinner-party after pickwick 's [free] from the fleet .

He buys off Jingle after his elopement with Miss Wardle , acts as Slumkey 's agent in the Eatanswill election , and after handling Pickwick 's defence in Mrs Bardell 's action for breach of promise , secures his release from the Fleet , and later negotiates the payment of costs with Dodson and Fogg .
he buys off jingle after his elopement with miss wardle , acts as slumkey 's agent in the eatanswill election , and after handling pickwick 's defence in mrs bardell 's action for breach of promise , secures his [free] from the fleet , and later negotiates the payment of costs with dodson and fogg .

He acts as Clennam 's intermediary in securing Edward Dorrit 's release from prison as a debtor , as Clennam wishes to remain anonymous in the matter .
he acts as clennam 's intermediary in securing edward dorrit 's [free] from prison as a debtor , as clennam wishes to remain anonymous in the matter .

Where business executives are concerned , though , management has in most cases considerable discretion in deciding whom to retain and whom to release in a redundancy exercise .
where business executives are concerned , though , management has in most cases considerable discretion in deciding whom to retain and whom to [free] in a redundancy exercise .

The Council for National Academic Awards ' degrees in chemistry or applied biology will be available on a part time basis with attendance , either as day release or part time day or evening , spread over three year .
the council for national academic awards ' degrees in chemistry or applied biology will be available on a part time basis with attendance , either as day [free] or part time day or evening , spread over three year .

The University of Strathclyde has launched a search to find alumni who took the Diploma of the Royal Technical College , the Associateship of the Royal College of Science and Technology , or attended any of the wide range of evening and day release courses at the Commercial College .
the university of strathclyde has launched a search to find alumni who took the diploma of the royal technical college , the associateship of the royal college of science and technology , or attended any of the wide range of evening and day [free] courses at the commercial college .

β-blockade might impair carbohydrate metabolism either as a consequence of direct β-adrenoreceptor blockade or as the result of relatively unopposed α activity , either of which might suppress insulin release .
β-blockade might impair carbohydrate metabolism either as a consequence of direct β-adrenoreceptor blockade or as the result of relatively unopposed α activity , either of which might suppress insulin [free] .

These drugs may aggravate hypoglycaemia ( Newman , 1976 ; Lager et al , 1979 ) , may result in undamped hypertensive surges secondary to hypoglycaemic catecholamine release ( McMurty , 1974 ; Shepherd et al , 1981 ) and may threaten the peripheral circulation by arteriolar constriction ( McSorley & Warren , 1978 ; Vale & Jeffreys , 1978 ) .
these drugs may aggravate hypoglycaemia ( newman , 1976 ; lager et al , 1979 ) , may result in undamped hypertensive surges secondary to hypoglycaemic catecholamine [free] ( mcmurty , 1974 ; shepherd et al , 1981 ) and may threaten the peripheral circulation by arteriolar constriction ( mcsorley & warren , 1978 ; vale & jeffreys , 1978 ) .

In addition , microtubules may be involved in the internal alignment of platelet organelles before the release reaction and , furthermore , may help govern the degree of response to circulating agonists ( White et al , 1981 ) .
in addition , microtubules may be involved in the internal alignment of platelet organelles before the [free] reaction and , furthermore , may help govern the degree of response to circulating agonists ( white et al , 1981 ) .

The microfilament system provides the contractile capacity for the release reaction seen in activated platelets ( Adelstein & Pollard , 1978 ) .
the microfilament system provides the contractile capacity for the [free] reaction seen in activated platelets ( adelstein & pollard , 1978 ) .

This system remains patent despite platelet contraction , adhesion and aggregation , and probably serves for the release of the contents of the platelet-storage granules to plasma ( White , 1973 ) .
this system remains patent despite platelet contraction , adhesion and aggregation , and probably serves for the [free] of the contents of the platelet-storage granules to plasma ( white , 1973 ) .

However , subsequently they become more closely packed and release their granules and the plug becomes a dense mass of interdigitated platelets .
however , subsequently they become more closely packed and [free] their granules and the plug becomes a dense mass of interdigitated platelets .

As can be seen from the above description , the formation of the haemostatic plug or ‘ primary haemostasis ’ involves many properties of platelets including adhesion , aggregation , degranulation and release reaction , and these platelet properties will be briefly described .
as can be seen from the above description , the formation of the haemostatic plug or ‘ primary haemostasis ’ involves many properties of platelets including adhesion , aggregation , degranulation and [free] reaction , and these platelet properties will be briefly described .

At low concentrations of collagen , platelet aggregation is dependent on the release of arachidonic acid from platelet membrane phospholipid and the subsequent metabolism of arachidonic acid via the prostaglandin pathway ( Packham , 1976 ) .
at low concentrations of collagen , platelet aggregation is dependent on the [free] of arachidonic acid from platelet membrane phospholipid and the subsequent metabolism of arachidonic acid via the prostaglandin pathway ( packham , 1976 ) .

The release of platelet-derived material and the profound biochemical and morphological changes that occur after platelet stimulation have been termed the platelet-release reaction ( Grette , 1962 ) .
the [free] of platelet-derived material and the profound biochemical and morphological changes that occur after platelet stimulation have been termed the platelet-release reaction ( grette , 1962 ) .

On stimulation , platelets release their dense bodies , α-granules and lysosome-like granules ( see Table 5.2 ) , but the integrity of the membrane structures , cytoplasm and mitochondria is preserved .
on stimulation , platelets [free] their dense bodies , α-granules and lysosome-like granules ( see table 5.2 ) , but the integrity of the membrane structures , cytoplasm and mitochondria is preserved .

Therefore the release of intracellular membrane-bound calcium precedes the onset of the stimulus-induced degranulation .
therefore the [free] of intracellular membrane-bound calcium precedes the onset of the stimulus-induced degranulation .

Not all α-granules may respond in the same way to secretory stimuli ; for example , Zucker et al ( 1979 ) , who found that over 80 per cent of platelet factor VIII-related antigen was present in the α-granules could only demonstrate the release of 30 per cent of this in response to stimulation with collagen .
not all α-granules may respond in the same way to secretory stimuli ; for example , zucker et al ( 1979 ) , who found that over 80 per cent of platelet factor viii-related antigen was present in the α-granules could only demonstrate the [free] of 30 per cent of this in response to stimulation with collagen .

Platelets will rapidly adhere and aggregate if the endothelial barrier is breached , as has been shown in many studies in experimental animals ( reviewed by Mustard et al , 1983 ) , and platelets adherent to collagen release the contents of their α and dense granules .
platelets will rapidly adhere and aggregate if the endothelial barrier is breached , as has been shown in many studies in experimental animals ( reviewed by mustard et al , 1983 ) , and platelets adherent to collagen [free] the contents of their α and dense granules .

Following endothelial injury , platelets would adhere to the injured site , form microthrombi and release their granular contents which include a potent α-granule-derived mitogen that stimulates migration and focal proliferation of intimal and medial smooth muscle cells ( Ross & Vogel , 1978 ) .
following endothelial injury , platelets would adhere to the injured site , form microthrombi and [free] their granular contents which include a potent α-granule-derived mitogen that stimulates migration and focal proliferation of intimal and medial smooth muscle cells ( ross & vogel , 1978 ) .

These cells may be important modulators of platelet function in vivo through their ability to take up adenine nucleotides and synthesize and release regulatory prostaglandins ( Roos & Pfleger , 1972 ; Blackwell et al , 1978 ) .
these cells may be important modulators of platelet function in vivo through their ability to take up adenine nucleotides and synthesize and [free] regulatory prostaglandins ( roos & pfleger , 1972 ; blackwell et al , 1978 ) .

Hypoglycaemia , as might be expected , may affect platelet function substantially ( Hutton et al , 1979 ; Hilsted et al , 1980 ) , presumably by stimulating the release of counter-regulatory hormones , particularly adrenaline which is known to be a potent stimulus for platelet aggregation .
hypoglycaemia , as might be expected , may affect platelet function substantially ( hutton et al , 1979 ; hilsted et al , 1980 ) , presumably by stimulating the [free] of counter-regulatory hormones , particularly adrenaline which is known to be a potent stimulus for platelet aggregation .

Harrison et al ( 1980 ) demonstrated that the reduced prostacyclin release ( measured by bioassay ) from aorta and renal cortex of streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats was restored to that seen in control non-diabetic rats by chronic ( eight days ) treatment with insulin .
harrison et al ( 1980 ) demonstrated that the reduced prostacyclin [free] ( measured by bioassay ) from aorta and renal cortex of streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats was restored to that seen in control non-diabetic rats by chronic ( eight days ) treatment with insulin .

The objective of the new arrangements is to place downward pressure on expenditure on drugs in order to limit this waste and to release resources for other parts of the Health Service ’ .
the objective of the new arrangements is to place downward pressure on expenditure on drugs in order to limit this waste and to [free] resources for other parts of the health service ’ .

So far too as creditors were concerned , the daughter would be fair game until she had obtained a formal release from liability .
so far too as creditors were concerned , the daughter would be fair game until she had obtained a formal [free] from liability .

The trust clause is not itself a disposition of release from a debt ; what it is is a legal device which confirms the working of a release from debt which would otherwise be invalid .
the trust clause is not itself a disposition of [free] from a debt ; what it is is a legal device which confirms the working of a [free] from debt which would otherwise be invalid .

But that release must be confirmed on its own terms and in its own modality .
but that [free] must be confirmed on its own terms and in its own modality .

Facing the realities of the background that has moulded their early life and finding forgiveness and understanding for those who , in the name of love , have moulded this type into submission , and learning that it is all right to show feeling and emotions will ultimately bring release and freedom to follow as their hearts dictate .
facing the realities of the background that has moulded their early life and finding forgiveness and understanding for those who , in the name of love , have moulded this type into submission , and learning that it is all right to show feeling and emotions will ultimately bring [free] and freedom to follow as their hearts dictate .

Occasional breaks in routine were available , to be undertaken either as a sign of enthusiasm , or as a momentary release from tedium .
occasional breaks in routine were available , to be undertaken either as a sign of enthusiasm , or as a momentary [free] from tedium .

Wherever the pressure occurred , a different tactic had to be developed to release it .
wherever the pressure occurred , a different tactic had to be developed to [free] it .

Malcolm Lazarus , co-director with Sir George of the Trust , was converted to the ‘ Wrekin ' philosophy when he experienced a release of ‘ kundalini ’ energy .
malcolm lazarus , co-director with sir george of the trust , was converted to the ‘ wrekin ' philosophy when he experienced a [free] of ‘ kundalini ’ energy .

During the autumn of 1939 it was decided to release one of the vehicles from each train and insert a Staff , Mess and Recreation Car , completely equipped with cooking apparatus , ample water supplies and seating facilities .
during the autumn of 1939 it was decided to [free] one of the vehicles from each train and insert a staff , mess and recreation car , completely equipped with cooking apparatus , ample water supplies and seating facilities .

VE-day saw the release of those members of the Battalion taken prisoner at Hazenbrouck in 1940 .
ve-day saw the [free] of those members of the battalion taken prisoner at hazenbrouck in 1940 .

Their long campaign for his release was courageous and relentless ; it also almost wrecked their personal lives as they tried to cope with the glare of the world 's media and the frustrations of clandestine diplomacy .
their long campaign for his [free] was courageous and relentless ; it also almost wrecked their personal lives as they tried to cope with the glare of the world 's media and the frustrations of clandestine diplomacy .

The fierce but totally unsentimental family loyalty that saw Brenda and Elaine through the intense pressures of those years — from the shock to the difficult aftermath of Brian 's release — blazes on every page of this book , making it a gripping record of the extraordinary achievement of two ‘ ordinary ’ women .
the fierce but totally unsentimental family loyalty that saw brenda and elaine through the intense pressures of those years — from the shock to the difficult aftermath of brian 's [free] — blazes on every page of this book , making it a gripping record of the extraordinary achievement of two ‘ ordinary ’ women .

Release to college was , it was said , out of the question : they just could not be spared .
[free] to college was , it was said , out of the question : they just could not be spared .

But where it worked , it worked very well , not least because of the logic of the exchange : companies release staff to give occasional , specialist lectures , the college releases staff to give an occasional , specialist contribution to the production or service process .
but where it worked , it worked very well , not least because of the logic of the exchange : companies [free] staff to give occasional , specialist lectures , the college releases staff to give an occasional , specialist contribution to the production or service process .

Into this situation came the decision of Sheffield Education Department to provide support for curriculum development in secondary schools by providing cover for the release of five teachers to undertake school focused curriculum development in the academic year 1986–7 .
into this situation came the decision of sheffield education department to provide support for curriculum development in secondary schools by providing cover for the [free] of five teachers to undertake school focused curriculum development in the academic year 1986–7 .

It is interesting that the Governors in their 1991–92 budget have created a sum of money for staff release of the secondment type , in anticipation of the curriculum planning required in school as the Local Education Authority proposal to change the age of transfer from 12+ to 11+ is expected to materialise September 1992 .
it is interesting that the governors in their 1991–92 budget have created a sum of money for staff [free] of the secondment type , in anticipation of the curriculum planning required in school as the local education authority proposal to change the age of transfer from 12+ to 11+ is expected to materialise september 1992 .

There are specific difficulties affecting the primary sector such as the reduced ability to release teaching staff , the demands of National Curriculum implementation , a perceived lack of relevance and the priority given to the secondary sector by many companies .
there are specific difficulties affecting the primary sector such as the reduced ability to [free] teaching staff , the demands of national curriculum implementation , a perceived lack of relevance and the priority given to the secondary sector by many companies .

The major challenge which has faced the Teacher Placement Service over the two years has been the issue of teacher release .
the major challenge which has faced the teacher placement service over the two years has been the issue of teacher [free] .

The fact is that teacher release for professional development is cost intensive through supply cover and even with funds is very disruptive on the teaching process for young people .
the fact is that teacher [free] for professional development is cost intensive through supply cover and even with funds is very disruptive on the teaching process for young people .

Partnership in operation can release physical and financial resources that otherwise would remain obscured .
partnership in operation can [free] physical and financial resources that otherwise would remain obscured .

It has been suggested that bonfires , which not only cause objectionable odours and smoke , but also release polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons into the atmosphere which in sufficient concentrations could constitute a health hazard , ought not to be permitted between certain set hours .
it has been suggested that bonfires , which not only cause objectionable odours and smoke , but also [free] polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons into the atmosphere which in sufficient concentrations could constitute a health hazard , ought not to be permitted between certain set hours .

Siting the chimney , for which planning permission will be required , is still all important for it to be effective , as the release of pollutants into the atmosphere depends to some extent on the topography of the site .
siting the chimney , for which planning permission will be required , is still all important for it to be effective , as the [free] of pollutants into the atmosphere depends to some extent on the topography of the site .

‘ The very reason why we 're going to release it .
‘ the very reason why we 're going to [free] it .

‘ Release my son , and this boy here .
‘ [free] my son , and this boy here .

Settlement will often be accompanied by a Commission press release and a formal exchange of correspondence between the parties and the Commission .
settlement will often be accompanied by a commission press [free] and a formal exchange of correspondence between the parties and the commission .

Macronutrients ( carbohydrates , protein and fat ) need micronutrients ( vitamins and minerals ) to release the energy contained in them .
macronutrients ( carbohydrates , protein and fat ) need micronutrients ( vitamins and minerals ) to [free] the energy contained in them .

As soon as his life raft boomed into the sea , Delaney pulled the quick release tag and dropped from his harness .
as soon as his life raft boomed into the sea , delaney pulled the quick [free] tag and dropped from his harness .

She was reaching for her quick release handle as a solid wall of water struck her sideways on , tumbling her into the rigging of the ‘ chute , and pulling the air line from her mouth .
she was reaching for her quick [free] handle as a solid wall of water struck her sideways on , tumbling her into the rigging of the ‘ chute , and pulling the air line from her mouth .

He tells me he implored her to let him beg her release , but she refused .
he tells me he implored her to let him beg her [free] , but she refused .

Nor are electric windows , central locking or even door handles ( you pull a body-coloured strap to release the catch ) .
nor are electric windows , central locking or even door handles ( you pull a body-coloured strap to [free] the catch ) .

Of course , since his release , he had made up for lost time , becoming quite a wheel in the charity game , but those two years had stayed with him .
of course , since his [free] , he had made up for lost time , becoming quite a wheel in the charity game , but those two years had stayed with him .

The Khlist was the perfect vehicle with which to secure the acceptable seduction of vulnerable women , and the message he propounded of redemption through sexual release resulted in hundreds of guilt-ridden and frustrated women falling prey to his advances ; his bedroom soon became known as ‘ the Holy of Holies ’ .
the khlist was the perfect vehicle with which to secure the acceptable seduction of vulnerable women , and the message he propounded of redemption through sexual [free] resulted in hundreds of guilt-ridden and frustrated women falling prey to his advances ; his bedroom soon became known as ‘ the holy of holies ’ .

When he was imprisoned in 1768 for sexual sadism he managed to secure an early release by the devious means of getting his wife pregnant while she visited him in jail .
when he was imprisoned in 1768 for sexual sadism he managed to secure an early [free] by the devious means of getting his wife pregnant while she visited him in jail .

‘ Most important , ’ ran the press release , ‘ the cups cover the bosoms fully and stay on in the water ’ — most important .
‘ most important , ’ ran the press [free] , ‘ the cups cover the bosoms fully and stay on in the water ’ — most important .

The speed at which ejaculate is estimated to spurt from the penis says a lot about the pressure that 's built up before its release .
the speed at which ejaculate is estimated to spurt from the penis says a lot about the pressure that 's built up before its [free] .

After his release from prison , Wilde went to spend his final few years in France .
after his [free] from prison , wilde went to spend his final few years in france .

The society also placed advertisements asking for applications to draw on its funds for the purpose of release from debtors ' prisons , and backed this up by sending two members of the committee on a tour of London 's gaols to receive applications and arrange for the release of ‘ the most distressed objects , preferring the most useful Artists and Manufacturers , and those who have the largest families .
the society also placed advertisements asking for applications to draw on its funds for the purpose of [free] from debtors ' prisons , and backed this up by sending two members of the committee on a tour of london 's gaols to receive applications and arrange for the [free] of ‘ the most distressed objects , preferring the most useful artists and manufacturers , and those who have the largest families .

After four months Alderman Joshua Smith , president of Southwark Borough Council , secured her release from prison — but not of course from the rest of her debts .
after four months alderman joshua smith , president of southwark borough council , secured her [free] from prison — but not of course from the rest of her debts .

She persuaded Earl Nelson , the admiral 's doctor brother , to give her £250 of the Bronte Pension which had never been paid her , and with this she procured her final release from prison .
she persuaded earl nelson , the admiral 's doctor brother , to give her £250 of the bronte pension which had never been paid her , and with this she procured her final [free] from prison .

But the misery of those who could not obtain their release , either honestly or dishonestly , by appearing before an Insolvent Debtors Court and agreeing to assign their property , still drew sympathy . The debtor might have been reduced to his inability to satisfy his creditor , asserted Thomas Foxwell Buxton ,
but the misery of those who could not obtain their [free] , either honestly or dishonestly , by appearing before an insolvent debtors court and agreeing to assign their property , still drew sympathy . the debtor might have been reduced to his inability to satisfy his creditor , asserted thomas foxwell buxton ,

They accused him of altering the figures on receipts for money they had given for the release of prisoners , handing over a smaller sum to creditors and pocketing the difference ; charging prisoners for candles ; taking £5 out of the Poor Box to free a prisoner ; lending them money on their plate and watches which belonged to their creditors .
they accused him of altering the figures on receipts for money they had given for the [free] of prisoners , handing over a smaller sum to creditors and pocketing the difference ; charging prisoners for candles ; taking £5 out of the poor box to free a prisoner ; lending them money on their plate and watches which belonged to their creditors .

Only in the most pressing circumstances could members be expected to release customers from the binding legal contracts which they had entered into freely .
only in the most pressing circumstances could members be expected to [free] customers from the binding legal contracts which they had entered into freely .

It was 9pm before the maypole was safely in place and once again Simon Walker ascended to the garlands to release the ropes .
it was 9pm before the maypole was safely in place and once again simon walker ascended to the garlands to [free] the ropes .

According to their ever-so convincing press release ‘ They know what they 're doing and they use loops , breaks and samples the way other people breathe .
according to their ever-so convincing press [free] ‘ they know what they 're doing and they use loops , breaks and samples the way other people breathe .

Not that she wanted to ; the cold silence of the night was itself a release from the warm clammy room and her mother 's muttered claims on her , claims from which there would be no escape until death .
not that she wanted to ; the cold silence of the night was itself a [free] from the warm clammy room and her mother 's muttered claims on her , claims from which there would be no escape until death .

However we consider his evaluation of the implications of the polonium-210 release to be grossly in error .
however we consider his evaluation of the implications of the polonium-210 [free] to be grossly in error .

The data used as a source of information on dosimetry are not valid for application to the Windscale fire release because they apply to polonium-210 in the environment in equilibrium with its precursors in the uranium-238 decay chain .
the data used as a source of information on dosimetry are not valid for application to the windscale fire [free] because they apply to polonium-210 in the environment in equilibrium with its precursors in the uranium-238 decay chain .

We also reject Urquhart 's claims that population thyroid exposures due to the presence of tellurium-132 and molybdenum in the release were not considered in the board 's study .
we also reject urquhart 's claims that population thyroid exposures due to the presence of tellurium-132 and molybdenum in the [free] were not considered in the board 's study .

Some individuals can take up the suggestions of the hypnotist to the extent of becoming deaf or blind or unable to smell ; they may withstand pain without a murmur , re-experience being a six-year old , or even forget everything that happened , after hypnosis , until given a prearranged ‘ release ’ signal .
some individuals can take up the suggestions of the hypnotist to the extent of becoming deaf or blind or unable to smell ; they may withstand pain without a murmur , re-experience being a six-year old , or even forget everything that happened , after hypnosis , until given a prearranged ‘ [free] ’ signal .

Crucial factors are the efficiency of reactor shut-down , emergency cooling by flooding the reactor with water and containment of any release from the reactor .
crucial factors are the efficiency of reactor shut-down , emergency cooling by flooding the reactor with water and containment of any [free] from the reactor .

Another possible point of attack is the final assembly of new viruses and their release from the infected cell .
another possible point of attack is the final assembly of new viruses and their [free] from the infected cell .

Next year the National Seed Development Organisation will release a mixture of three varieties of spring barley , all with good malting qualities ( good for beer and whisky ) , but with different resistances to mildew .
next year the national seed development organisation will [free] a mixture of three varieties of spring barley , all with good malting qualities ( good for beer and whisky ) , but with different resistances to mildew .

Last year , without warning , Defense Department officials pounced on a meeting of photo-optical engineers , and , invoking that concept , prohibited the release of some 100 research papers that had previously borne no restrictions .
last year , without warning , defense department officials pounced on a meeting of photo-optical engineers , and , invoking that concept , prohibited the [free] of some 100 research papers that had previously borne no restrictions .

It is obvious that there can be many branches that have to be studied , but if we assign probabilities of success or failure , not only can event-trees define possible accident sequences that can release radioactivity into the environment , but they also enable us to calculate the probability for each sequence , and the associated risk .
it is obvious that there can be many branches that have to be studied , but if we assign probabilities of success or failure , not only can event-trees define possible accident sequences that can [free] radioactivity into the environment , but they also enable us to calculate the probability for each sequence , and the associated risk .

Canada certified hexaploid triticale in 1969 for commercial release .
canada certified hexaploid triticale in 1969 for commercial [free] .

Once a particular electron has soaked up enough energy from the X-rays for its release it begins to radiate from the parent atom ( Figure 3 ) .
once a particular electron has soaked up enough energy from the x-rays for its [free] it begins to radiate from the parent atom ( figure 3 ) .

Every few years the industry begins a campaign , backed in medical journals , for release from its shackles .
every few years the industry begins a campaign , backed in medical journals , for [free] from its shackles .

Tazieff maintains , however , that there is no contamination or any release of radio activity from underground testing , and that it is ‘ scientifically impossible ’ for radio active debris to be spread beyond Mururoa by storms .
tazieff maintains , however , that there is no contamination or any [free] of radio activity from underground testing , and that it is ‘ scientifically impossible ’ for radio active debris to be spread beyond mururoa by storms .

Whereas agricultural soils are usually maintained close to neutral by adding lime the problem is altogether more serious with forest and moorland soils : extra acid inputs may release aluminium in various chemical forms to the ground water .
whereas agricultural soils are usually maintained close to neutral by adding lime the problem is altogether more serious with forest and moorland soils : extra acid inputs may [free] aluminium in various chemical forms to the ground water .

In comments following release of the budget , the president of the National Academy of Sciences , Frank Press , who served as presidential science adviser under Jimmy Carter , hailed the budget as ‘ very innovative ’ and ‘ highly laudable ’ .
in comments following [free] of the budget , the president of the national academy of sciences , frank press , who served as presidential science adviser under jimmy carter , hailed the budget as ‘ very innovative ’ and ‘ highly laudable ’ .

The keyboards could put copy into the computers but because of the software problem the computers refuse to release it .
the keyboards could put copy into the computers but because of the software problem the computers refuse to [free] it .

They believe that the parasites which spread malaria by infecting red blood cells , may be killed by the release of highly reactive substances called ‘ free-oxygen radicals ’ from specialised cells produced by the body 's immune system .
they believe that the parasites which spread malaria by infecting red blood cells , may be killed by the [free] of highly reactive substances called ‘ free-oxygen radicals ’ from specialised cells produced by the body 's immune system .

Red-cell damage , for example , could be a side-effect of the release of the free-oxygen radicals , which could damage normal cells as well as infected ones .
red-cell damage , for example , could be a side-effect of the [free] of the free-oxygen radicals , which could damage normal cells as well as infected ones .

Their methods , assessing the value to science of published papers , have met great hostility from several of Britain 's leading astronomers , who believe they should be judged by conventional ‘ peer group ’ methods . This week the Science Policy Research Unit , stung by the attacks , withdrew a press release announcing the report and titled Britain 's biggest telescope — a failure and replaced it with one titled Britain 's biggest telescope — how well has it performed ?
their methods , assessing the value to science of published papers , have met great hostility from several of britain 's leading astronomers , who believe they should be judged by conventional ‘ peer group ’ methods . this week the science policy research unit , stung by the attacks , withdrew a press [free] announcing the report and titled britain 's biggest telescope — a failure and replaced it with one titled britain 's biggest telescope — how well has it performed ?

In addition to feature films , Sony will also release music tapes by Paul McCartney , Elton John and Blondie .
in addition to feature films , sony will also [free] music tapes by paul mccartney , elton john and blondie .

High acidity ( pH 6.5 ) slows the bacterial decay of organic particles entering the loch and hence the release of their nutrients .
high acidity ( ph 6.5 ) slows the bacterial decay of organic particles entering the loch and hence the [free] of their nutrients .

Urquhart has extrapolated from this the likely radioactive release of polonium .
urquhart has extrapolated from this the likely radioactive [free] of polonium .

For a radioactive isotope to have serious health effects a release should have the following qualities :
for a radioactive isotope to have serious health effects a [free] should have the following qualities :

After the Windscale fire , attention was directed to the area immediately to the south — downwind of the release from the pile .
after the windscale fire , attention was directed to the area immediately to the south — downwind of the [free] from the pile .

’ But he was not aware of the significance of the polonium release .
’ but he was not aware of the significance of the polonium [free] .

The university says that to release the report would be injurious , to innocent parties ’ .
the university says that to [free] the report would be injurious , to innocent parties ’ .

Putting on a guillotine , the release said , meant that , like the Gadarene swine , the government was rushing headlong into the daddy of them all .
putting on a guillotine , the [free] said , meant that , like the gadarene swine , the government was rushing headlong into the daddy of them all .

Indeed , when the film came out in 1971 , it was preceded by a clever advertising campaign suggesting that release had been delayed because the makers felt the movie was too dangerous for general viewing .
indeed , when the film came out in 1971 , it was preceded by a clever advertising campaign suggesting that [free] had been delayed because the makers felt the movie was too dangerous for general viewing .

Unlike many other parasites which release multitudes of propagules ( reproductive bodies ) and rely on chance to unite parasite and host , the Laboulbeniales seem almost carefully to choose where theirs are placed .
unlike many other parasites which [free] multitudes of propagules ( reproductive bodies ) and rely on chance to unite parasite and host , the laboulbeniales seem almost carefully to choose where theirs are placed .

Deciding when to release it — and at what price — would lead to more headaches .
deciding when to [free] it — and at what price — would lead to more headaches .

Amphetamine produces its effects by causing certain neurons to release more of the neurotransmitter , dopamine — one of the many chemicals used in the brain to transmit signals from one cell to another — suggesting that schizophrenics either produced too much , or were too sensitive to the actions of the transmitter .
amphetamine produces its effects by causing certain neurons to [free] more of the neurotransmitter , dopamine — one of the many chemicals used in the brain to transmit signals from one cell to another — suggesting that schizophrenics either produced too much , or were too sensitive to the actions of the transmitter .

The cycle of infection outlined so far is the pathway of acute viral infection , as in rabies or influenza , in which rapid replication is followed by the release of new viruses to attack other cells .
the cycle of infection outlined so far is the pathway of acute viral infection , as in rabies or influenza , in which rapid replication is followed by the [free] of new viruses to attack other cells .

The disintegration of infected cells provides another mechanism for the release of newly-formed viruses .
the disintegration of infected cells provides another mechanism for the [free] of newly-formed viruses .

For example , sightings of UAPs should be concentrated around active fault zones ; there should be more in hilly terrain ; reservoirs with their attendant stresses on the rock should be focal points for the effect ; and the passage of masses of air , such as cold fronts , should release any strain that may have built up .
for example , sightings of uaps should be concentrated around active fault zones ; there should be more in hilly terrain ; reservoirs with their attendant stresses on the rock should be focal points for the effect ; and the passage of masses of air , such as cold fronts , should [free] any strain that may have built up .

If the females release stored sperm , the egg becomes fertilised and develops as a female , otherwise it becomes a male .
if the females [free] stored sperm , the egg becomes fertilised and develops as a female , otherwise it becomes a male .

One of the best-known facts of the Western world is that the placebo response operates by release of internally-generated opiates .
one of the best-known facts of the western world is that the placebo response operates by [free] of internally-generated opiates .

Careful washing of equipment might help ; so might harvesting soon after haulm desiccation before stem pycnidia mature and release their spores .
careful washing of equipment might help ; so might harvesting soon after haulm desiccation before stem pycnidia mature and [free] their spores .

In its strict sense , biological control means the use of one plant or animal to control another and it exploits predator-prey and parasite-host relationships , either by introducing new predators and parasites or by artificially increasing the proportions of existing predators and parasites by their mass production and release .
in its strict sense , biological control means the use of one plant or animal to control another and it exploits predator-prey and parasite-host relationships , either by introducing new predators and parasites or by artificially increasing the proportions of existing predators and parasites by their mass production and [free] .

For example , we might release new strains of mosquitoes carrying genes that prevent the development of parasites within them , or genes that impart susceptibility to previously used efficient and economic insecticides .
for example , we might [free] new strains of mosquitoes carrying genes that prevent the development of parasites within them , or genes that impart susceptibility to previously used efficient and economic insecticides .

Fertiliser is used either in a slow release form , or is added about six weeks after the clover is established , continuing until the nutrient cycle is secure .
fertiliser is used either in a slow [free] form , or is added about six weeks after the clover is established , continuing until the nutrient cycle is secure .

It is in this context that the estimated release of 370 curies of Po from Windscale should be viewed .
it is in this context that the estimated [free] of 370 curies of po from windscale should be viewed .

The symptoms are similar to those of scarlet fever and may have a similar origin in that a bacteriophage injects genetic material into a bacterium and causes the release of a substance that is very toxic to human cells .
the symptoms are similar to those of scarlet fever and may have a similar origin in that a bacteriophage injects genetic material into a bacterium and causes the [free] of a substance that is very toxic to human cells .

It is acceptable for antibiotics plants to release microbes into the air — but genetically-engineered bugs must be contained .
it is acceptable for antibiotics plants to [free] microbes into the air — but genetically-engineered bugs must be contained .

An apparently dangerous criminal may be hospitalised with a restriction stipulating that only the Home secretary can authorise his release .
an apparently dangerous criminal may be hospitalised with a restriction stipulating that only the home secretary can authorise his [free] .

Then the Americans agreed to release the main report — with two sets of conclusions .
then the americans agreed to [free] the main report — with two sets of conclusions .

She mules show behavioural signs of ovulation at irregular intervals , and one can find egg follicles and corpora lutea , the bodies formed after the follicle has ruptured to release the egg , in a she-mule 's ovaries .
she mules show behavioural signs of ovulation at irregular intervals , and one can find egg follicles and corpora lutea , the bodies formed after the follicle has ruptured to [free] the egg , in a she-mule 's ovaries .

Countless stories exist of swimmers whose feet become trapped inside giant clams that snap shut suddenly and then refuse to release their victims .
countless stories exist of swimmers whose feet become trapped inside giant clams that snap shut suddenly and then refuse to [free] their victims .

These are small boas which , if molested , first coil themselves up tightly , then release a foul-smelling fluid from special glands , giving the impression that they are rotting and that advanced putrefaction has already set in .
these are small boas which , if molested , first coil themselves up tightly , then [free] a foul-smelling fluid from special glands , giving the impression that they are rotting and that advanced putrefaction has already set in .

Following this they release blood into their eyes which turns them a dull red colour .
following this they [free] blood into their eyes which turns them a dull red colour .

Cats do often pause after catching their prey and momentarily release what they imagine is a corpse before settling down to the business of eating it .
cats do often pause after catching their prey and momentarily [free] what they imagine is a corpse before settling down to the business of eating it .

If they are dragged out again , they will release a second leg , then a third .
if they are dragged out again , they will [free] a second leg , then a third .

Bodies such as the Kenya Institute of Education with some thirty full-time professional staff and the Zambia Curriculum Development Centre with about forty , would claim , probably rightly , that they were still understaffed and often experience difficulty in securing the release of the most able teachers from schools and colleges , but the provision made for them is certainly more realistic than that available in University Institutes like those in Ahmadu Bello or Sierra Leone .
bodies such as the kenya institute of education with some thirty full-time professional staff and the zambia curriculum development centre with about forty , would claim , probably rightly , that they were still understaffed and often experience difficulty in securing the [free] of the most able teachers from schools and colleges , but the provision made for them is certainly more realistic than that available in university institutes like those in ahmadu bello or sierra leone .

Unfortunately , although Robert Stewart had done so much to secure David 's release and towards administering Scotland in his absence , David did not trust him and , in fact , had him imprisoned .
unfortunately , although robert stewart had done so much to secure david 's [free] and towards administering scotland in his absence , david did not trust him and , in fact , had him imprisoned .

The cost of the shuttle fleet , including specially designed locomotives , was estimated at £226m and a range of companies expressed interest following the release of detailed specifications in early 1988 .
the cost of the shuttle fleet , including specially designed locomotives , was estimated at £226m and a range of companies expressed interest following the [free] of detailed specifications in early 1988 .

The Alexander Technique , by giving a means to release the excessive build-up of tension , helps you to perform much nearer to your maximum ability with the minimum amount of effort .
the alexander technique , by giving a means to [free] the excessive build-up of tension , helps you to perform much nearer to your maximum ability with the minimum amount of effort .

The same effects may be achieved by having a massage but , unlike a massage , the feeling of lightness can last for days and we can eventually learn how to release tension for ourselves .
the same effects may be achieved by having a massage but , unlike a massage , the feeling of lightness can last for days and we can eventually learn how to [free] tension for ourselves .

The number of books may vary as you slowly release the tension in the neck , so it is useful to recheck the number each month .
the number of books may vary as you slowly [free] the tension in the neck , so it is useful to recheck the number each month .

According to the Alexander principles , you must try to inhibit any immediate response to your findings and apply conscious thought to help you release tension .
according to the alexander principles , you must try to inhibit any immediate response to your findings and apply conscious thought to help you [free] tension .

Little by little you will start to release any unnecessary tension that may have been stored unknowingly for many years .
little by little you will start to [free] any unnecessary tension that may have been stored unknowingly for many years .

After you have learnt how to release the tension in muscles that have become habitually shortened , your teacher will take you through some ordinary , everyday activities in order to find out why these particular muscles have become over tightened .
after you have learnt how to [free] the tension in muscles that have become habitually shortened , your teacher will take you through some ordinary , everyday activities in order to find out why these particular muscles have become over tightened .

Alexander was convinced that every experience is transmitted into muscular tension ; as you release the tension you may uncover psychological tensions that have been at the bottom of some physical illnesses .
alexander was convinced that every experience is transmitted into muscular tension ; as you [free] the tension you may uncover psychological tensions that have been at the bottom of some physical illnesses .

When the majority have formed their beautiful chrysalises , which can vary in colour from bright green to spangled gold , it is a good idea to collect those caterpillars that are still eating and release them into a large clump of nettles so you can concentrate on hatching the rest .
when the majority have formed their beautiful chrysalises , which can vary in colour from bright green to spangled gold , it is a good idea to collect those caterpillars that are still eating and [free] them into a large clump of nettles so you can concentrate on hatching the rest .

If it is impossible for you to release them there make sure they are given their freedom in an area with abundant supplies of nectar .
if it is impossible for you to [free] them there make sure they are given their freedom in an area with abundant supplies of nectar .

The court heard that her husband had become suspicious early last year and had gone to the National Westminster bank asking them not to release any further cheque books .
the court heard that her husband had become suspicious early last year and had gone to the national westminster bank asking them not to [free] any further cheque books .

Like the chimpanzees , the ability of bluetits to learn the complex series of manoeuvres required to release a peanut from a special trick-feeder is no more difficult than many of the activities it learns during the course of its life , seeking out insects and seeds from the most intricate of places , getting itself and its beak into just the right position to extract the desired morsel .
like the chimpanzees , the ability of bluetits to learn the complex series of manoeuvres required to [free] a peanut from a special trick-feeder is no more difficult than many of the activities it learns during the course of its life , seeking out insects and seeds from the most intricate of places , getting itself and its beak into just the right position to extract the desired morsel .

Bacteria which normally divide and reproduce themselves every twenty minutes can also form themselves into environmentally resistant spores capable of lying dormant , even entombed in rock , for maybe millions of years before a change of circumstance permits their release with continued growth and reproduction . How can a cycle covering such an immense time-span have ever evolved out of random mutational steps ?
bacteria which normally divide and reproduce themselves every twenty minutes can also form themselves into environmentally resistant spores capable of lying dormant , even entombed in rock , for maybe millions of years before a change of circumstance permits their [free] with continued growth and reproduction . how can a cycle covering such an immense time-span have ever evolved out of random mutational steps ?

The release is just right .
the [free] is just right .

How better to release it than to ritually carve the sacred pattern each year , close to the slowly fading illuminations of earlier ceremonies .
how better to [free] it than to ritually carve the sacred pattern each year , close to the slowly fading illuminations of earlier ceremonies .

He also confirmed Lewis ' findings , being able to detect seven bands on most large standing stones , and considered that these were ‘ tapping points into a spiral release of some kind of energy that moved up and down the stone , following the lunar cycle ’ .
he also confirmed lewis ' findings , being able to detect seven bands on most large standing stones , and considered that these were ‘ tapping points into a spiral [free] of some kind of energy that moved up and down the stone , following the lunar cycle ’ .

It is also possible to release stored energy suddenly , resulting in a violent reflex contraction of the back muscles .
it is also possible to [free] stored energy suddenly , resulting in a violent reflex contraction of the back muscles .

On touching a certain stone , he appeared to release a massive pulse of energy as he acquired an instant migraine which lasted for fifteen minutes .
on touching a certain stone , he appeared to [free] a massive pulse of energy as he acquired an instant migraine which lasted for fifteen minutes .

The label 's début release will be Volume 1 of an anthology devoted to the work of British women composers , including the music of Dame Elizabeth Maconchy ; the second Lontano disc will comprise the works of Villa-Lobos and is due for launch in July .
the label 's début [free] will be volume 1 of an anthology devoted to the work of british women composers , including the music of dame elizabeth maconchy ; the second lontano disc will comprise the works of villa-lobos and is due for launch in july .

Summit Brass knock out the fanfare dramatically enough , but the St. Paul Chamber Orchestra under Dennis Russell Davies excel themselves in a completely idiomatic and superbly recorded performance of Copland 's Ballet Suite — for which they won a Grammy award on its original release .
summit brass knock out the fanfare dramatically enough , but the st. paul chamber orchestra under dennis russell davies excel themselves in a completely idiomatic and superbly recorded performance of copland 's ballet suite — for which they won a grammy award on its original [free] .

If the Strauss/Liszt/Mendelssohn disc preserves some kind of logic in its programming , another release featuring miscellaneous items ( ) unfortunately has the appearance of being cobbled together , and as such may only be of real interest to the avid Klemperer fan .
if the strauss/liszt/mendelssohn disc preserves some kind of logic in its programming , another [free] featuring miscellaneous items ( ) unfortunately has the appearance of being cobbled together , and as such may only be of real interest to the avid klemperer fan .

Always assuming the unlikelihood of ever getting on disc a pluperfect realisation of Bartók 's Second Violin Concerto , this new release from the prodigiously-gifted Anne-Sophie Mutter will come close enough for most people .
always assuming the unlikelihood of ever getting on disc a pluperfect realisation of bartók 's second violin concerto , this new [free] from the prodigiously-gifted anne-sophie mutter will come close enough for most people .

Altarus has a habit of making us think afresh with almost every release .
altarus has a habit of making us think afresh with almost every [free] .

That release brought glowing reviews from the critics .
that [free] brought glowing reviews from the critics .

After their recent forays into full orchestral Tchaikovsky and Bartók , Sir Neville Marriner and the Academy of St Martin-in-the-Fields return to one of their more familiar stamping grounds in this release of two of Haydn 's finest Symphonies .
after their recent forays into full orchestral tchaikovsky and bartók , sir neville marriner and the academy of st martin-in-the-fields return to one of their more familiar stamping grounds in this [free] of two of haydn 's finest symphonies .

There 's simply no excuse here , for Philips was perfectly able to accommodate three Haydn Symphonies onto a previous release featuring Sir Colin Davis and the royal Concertgebouw Orchestra !
there 's simply no excuse here , for philips was perfectly able to accommodate three haydn symphonies onto a previous [free] featuring sir colin davis and the royal concertgebouw orchestra !

The six Concerti on this interesting release were published in 1742 , and were rearranged and reprinted many times , the composer actually rearranging the Sixth Concerto in an edition published 33 years later , such was its popularity .
the six concerti on this interesting [free] were published in 1742 , and were rearranged and reprinted many times , the composer actually rearranging the sixth concerto in an edition published 33 years later , such was its popularity .

Still , it would be churlish not to greet this release for the light it casts on an age long gone .
still , it would be churlish not to greet this [free] for the light it casts on an age long gone .

This is a most welcome and important release .
this is a most welcome and important [free] .

The Tuxedo discs begins with the rather pedestrian Preludio 2 by Raffaele Calace ( ‘ father of modern mandolin playing ’ , according to the informative notes in the Amon Ra release , where more music by Calace , equally dull , is to be found ; Tuxedo , by contrast , seems to have cut back on fees for notewriters ) .
the tuxedo discs begins with the rather pedestrian preludio 2 by raffaele calace ( ‘ father of modern mandolin playing ’ , according to the informative notes in the amon ra [free] , where more music by calace , equally dull , is to be found ; tuxedo , by contrast , seems to have cut back on fees for notewriters ) .

Also interesting and worthwhile is Verve 's 17-track ‘ Swedish Schnapps Plus ’ release from late last year ( ) ; this is an album of Parker 's quintet recordings ( from 1949–51 ) , as with ‘ The Charlie Parker Story ’ , but with additional interest in the form of trumpeters Red Rodney and Kenny Dorham ( as well as Miles Davis ) and Kenny Clarke and Max Roach on drums .
also interesting and worthwhile is verve 's 17-track ‘ swedish schnapps plus ’ [free] from late last year ( ) ; this is an album of parker 's quintet recordings ( from 1949–51 ) , as with ‘ the charlie parker story ’ , but with additional interest in the form of trumpeters red rodney and kenny dorham ( as well as miles davis ) and kenny clarke and max roach on drums .

‘ Here and Now ’ ( ) , his Blue Note release from the autumn of last year , is his first for a major label , although ‘ new ’ he is not : Keezer was the last occupant of the Jazz Messengers ' piano stool at the time of Art Blakey 's untimely death last year .
‘ here and now ’ ( ) , his blue note [free] from the autumn of last year , is his first for a major label , although ‘ new ’ he is not : keezer was the last occupant of the jazz messengers ' piano stool at the time of art blakey 's untimely death last year .

The accompanying press release calls this album ‘ mainstream ’ ; perhaps it is , but there 's nothing wrong with that , as the elders in the Marsalis family are always happy to prove .
the accompanying press [free] calls this album ‘ mainstream ’ ; perhaps it is , but there 's nothing wrong with that , as the elders in the marsalis family are always happy to prove .

Suddenly , though , trading one career for another is no longer just a way to obtain release from a boring job .
suddenly , though , trading one career for another is no longer just a way to obtain [free] from a boring job .

Later , the odour alone was enough to make them release large amounts of histamine .
later , the odour alone was enough to make them [free] large amounts of histamine .

Ideally , these should be built and furnished using.wood , metals , cotton and other natural products — no plastics or other synthetic materials , which might release solvent fumes , are allowed .
ideally , these should be built and furnished using.wood , metals , cotton and other natural products — no plastics or other synthetic materials , which might [free] solvent fumes , are allowed .

Plastics and other synthetic materials release small amounts of volatile chemicals — a process known as ‘ de-gassing ’ .
plastics and other synthetic materials [free] small amounts of volatile chemicals — a process known as ‘ de-gassing ’ .

Wholemeal bread and flour can be eaten instead , as these are broken down more slowly and do not release glucose all at once .
wholemeal bread and flour can be eaten instead , as these are broken down more slowly and do not [free] glucose all at once .

Since Polygas comprises a small amount of acetone in carbon dioxide , the danger from an accidental release is low .
since polygas comprises a small amount of acetone in carbon dioxide , the danger from an accidental [free] is low .

Chemical Design , the molecular modelling systems supplier , is to include a two dimensional drawing tool in the latest release of its Chem-X software , which will allow molecules to be drawn on screen in the same way as on paper .
chemical design , the molecular modelling systems supplier , is to include a two dimensional drawing tool in the latest [free] of its chem-x software , which will allow molecules to be drawn on screen in the same way as on paper .

Hydrogel contact lenses , for example , can be used for the controlled release of antibiotics to patients waiting for cataract surgery .
hydrogel contact lenses , for example , can be used for the controlled [free] of antibiotics to patients waiting for cataract surgery .

In this way it is able to release some of its hunting or fleeing energy and to feel more relaxed again .
in this way it is able to [free] some of its hunting or fleeing energy and to feel more relaxed again .

The Mallard population in Sussex is supported regularly by the release of hand-reared birds by wildfowlers .
the mallard population in sussex is supported regularly by the [free] of hand-reared birds by wildfowlers .

Release and recoil of the elastic is passive , no energy being required .
[free] and recoil of the elastic is passive , no energy being required .

The string demonstrates that energy is required to extend the string to its full length and that no elastic recoil is demonstrated on release of the string .
the string demonstrates that energy is required to extend the string to its full length and that no elastic recoil is demonstrated on [free] of the string .

Fire extinguisher release
fire extinguisher [free]

Very often , even though the planes came back safely , there would be dead and injured on board , and sometimes a damaged aircraft would have been unable to release its bombs either over the target or in the North Sea on the way home and would have to land back at base with the bombs still on board .
very often , even though the planes came back safely , there would be dead and injured on board , and sometimes a damaged aircraft would have been unable to [free] its bombs either over the target or in the north sea on the way home and would have to land back at base with the bombs still on board .

Now that our raison d'etre , helping to win a war , had been removed , we were all counting the days to our release and petty regulations , necessary though they might be , were becoming very irksome .
now that our raison d'etre , helping to win a war , had been removed , we were all counting the days to our [free] and petty regulations , necessary though they might be , were becoming very irksome .

Before this happened we had one last day in Lincoln , celebrating his release by buying and eating a 4lb punnet of delicious strawberries from the market .
before this happened we had one last day in lincoln , celebrating his [free] by buying and eating a 4lb punnet of delicious strawberries from the market .

What may have been looked forward to as a release may instead be an unexpected let-down , with retirement from work adding to the feeling of helplessness and lack of purpose .
what may have been looked forward to as a [free] may instead be an unexpected let-down , with retirement from work adding to the feeling of helplessness and lack of purpose .

However well we learn to cope alone , most people need and miss the warmth , loving care and release of emotion that a close partnership , particularly a sexual one , can bring into our lives .
however well we learn to cope alone , most people need and miss the warmth , loving care and [free] of emotion that a close partnership , particularly a sexual one , can bring into our lives .

Exercise that can help to maintain the elasticity of the vagina are also used to control urinary incontinence and avoid a prolapse — they are the pelvic floor exercises that women are taught to do after childbirth : sit on the lavatory with the thighs parallel to the ground and feet flat on the floor ( or on a book , if necessary ) ; start to pass water , then use the muscles to stop the flow ; release and finish the flow .
exercise that can help to maintain the elasticity of the vagina are also used to control urinary incontinence and avoid a prolapse — they are the pelvic floor exercises that women are taught to do after childbirth : sit on the lavatory with the thighs parallel to the ground and feet flat on the floor ( or on a book , if necessary ) ; start to pass water , then use the muscles to stop the flow ; [free] and finish the flow .

With the release this year of the award-winning movie based on Odets 's life , Barton Fink , his work is enjoying a new popularity .
with the [free] this year of the award-winning movie based on odets 's life , barton fink , his work is enjoying a new popularity .

The bird garden is a working wildlife haven and operates a breed and release scheme for native owls .
the bird garden is a working wildlife haven and operates a breed and [free] scheme for native owls .

The latter , known as the collecting bank , then obtains payment or acceptance against the release of the documents of title to the importer .
the latter , known as the collecting bank , then obtains payment or acceptance against the [free] of the documents of title to the importer .

In contrast to most of the statutorily required information , the information produced by these ‘ commentators ’ , and the information from the players that they are not legally required to release , but have chosen to do so voluntarily , can appear in a large number of logical documentary formats :
in contrast to most of the statutorily required information , the information produced by these ‘ commentators ’ , and the information from the players that they are not legally required to [free] , but have chosen to do so voluntarily , can appear in a large number of logical documentary formats :

Even then the release was n't total .
even then the [free] was n't total .

let your child get away with his/her ‘ misdemeanours ’ ? Do threats to punish the child remain unfulfilled ? Do you allow a stream of orders ( 'You must n't ! ' , ‘ You ca n't have ’ , ‘ Stop it . .. or else ’ ) to be ignored until ‘ out of the blue ’ you lash out with harsh words or actions ( perhaps ) in order to release your mounting frustration and anger ?
let your child get away with his/her ‘ misdemeanours ’ ? do threats to punish the child remain unfulfilled ? do you allow a stream of orders ( 'you must n't ! ' , ‘ you ca n't have ’ , ‘ stop it . .. or else ’ ) to be ignored until ‘ out of the blue ’ you lash out with harsh words or actions ( perhaps ) in order to [free] your mounting frustration and anger ?

His release from time-out required that he quieten down and comply with the original request on his return .
his [free] from time-out required that he quieten down and comply with the original request on his return .

Emotions ( according to this theory ) are purged because of the release of tension involved in identifying with the participants in a representation of violent events .
emotions ( according to this theory ) are purged because of the [free] of tension involved in identifying with the participants in a representation of violent events .

Second , the expression of aggression and its consequent momentary release of tension strengthens rather than weakens the tendency to behave aggressively ( see page 80 ) .
second , the expression of aggression and its consequent momentary [free] of tension strengthens rather than weakens the tendency to behave aggressively ( see page 80 ) .

Based on the Verney Report which reviewed the problems caused by pressures on local authorities to release more land for mineral working .
based on the verney report which reviewed the problems caused by pressures on local authorities to [free] more land for mineral working .

The clearance of small areas of forest , followed by burning to release the nutrients stored in the biomass , ensures a sufficiently fertile soil to provide an adequate crop for 2–3 years .
the clearance of small areas of forest , followed by burning to [free] the nutrients stored in the biomass , ensures a sufficiently fertile soil to provide an adequate crop for 2–3 years .

In addition , aeration is promoted by preparation techniques which increase the rate of decomposition of soil organic matter and the release of nutrients .
in addition , aeration is promoted by preparation techniques which increase the rate of decomposition of soil organic matter and the [free] of nutrients .

Bacteria , along with fungi , are well established as agents of decomposition in soils wherein they break down organic matter to release carbon dioxide and nitrogenous compounds .
bacteria , along with fungi , are well established as agents of decomposition in soils wherein they break down organic matter to [free] carbon dioxide and nitrogenous compounds .

Any organisms that might lead to increased release of carbon dioxide , or methane , are clearly not to be welcomed in a world that is currently experiencing warming due to the enhanced greenhouse effect .
any organisms that might lead to increased [free] of carbon dioxide , or methane , are clearly not to be welcomed in a world that is currently experiencing warming due to the enhanced greenhouse effect .

Because of such concerns there has been considerable opposition to the testing of genetically engineered organisms in the field , as is exemplified by the furore surrounding the release of the so-called ‘ ice minus ’ bacterium .
because of such concerns there has been considerable opposition to the testing of genetically engineered organisms in the field , as is exemplified by the furore surrounding the [free] of the so-called ‘ ice minus ’ bacterium .

Conversely , a large-scale and long-period phenomenon such as the movement of tectonic plates can lead to local stress accumulation and to its release by an earthquake in a few seconds and with highly local effects .
conversely , a large-scale and long-period phenomenon such as the movement of tectonic plates can lead to local stress accumulation and to its [free] by an earthquake in a few seconds and with highly local effects .

It is not one of the profoundest experiences of the transcendent world such as release or sartori ; nonetheless it is one of the fundamental manifestations of the transcendent .
it is not one of the profoundest experiences of the transcendent world such as [free] or sartori ; nonetheless it is one of the fundamental manifestations of the transcendent .

Meditation on the spiritual life brings forth the peak experience in which the whole organism approaches release — therein are found the supreme joys of the spirit .
meditation on the spiritual life brings forth the peak experience in which the whole organism approaches [free] — therein are found the supreme joys of the spirit .

One is release in which we walk as through a landscape , seeing the sublime aspects of nature and life , sometimes feeling the euphoria of release .
one is [free] in which we walk as through a landscape , seeing the sublime aspects of nature and life , sometimes feeling the euphoria of [free] .

At first the joys of freedom and release will seem more reliable and beneficial , but in ecstasy there is one of the great potentialities of the transcendent for one day we may reach a state of perpetual ecstasy .
at first the joys of freedom and [free] will seem more reliable and beneficial , but in ecstasy there is one of the great potentialities of the transcendent for one day we may reach a state of perpetual ecstasy .

Losing the desire for material things — in fact the total spurning of them — gives calm and release as long as that desire is not replaced by the desire for such mental delights as ecstasy .
losing the desire for material things — in fact the total spurning of them — gives calm and [free] as long as that desire is not replaced by the desire for such mental delights as ecstasy .

When he was asked his philosophy , this man said that freedom and release could only come when you saw a muddy ditch as being the same as the beautiful Ganges .
when he was asked his philosophy , this man said that freedom and [free] could only come when you saw a muddy ditch as being the same as the beautiful ganges .

This is a higher freedom and a greater release to worlds beyond intellect and understanding .
this is a higher freedom and a greater [free] to worlds beyond intellect and understanding .

Release me , release me , release me .
[free] me , [free] me , [free] me .

To get the cloth flat , without mechanical help , two workers could hold the cloth by both ends and stretch it out flat , then release just one end .
to get the cloth flat , without mechanical help , two workers could hold the cloth by both ends and stretch it out flat , then [free] just one end .

For example , the Secretary of Labor has used his or her “ bully pulpit ” to call attention to the problem , urging the public , retailers , and manufacturers to avoid purchasing products made in workplaces that do not meet the standards.27 Various reports have also publicized government enforcement actions to deter contractors , jobbers , manufacturers , and retailers from violating the standards , such as the release of a series of government reports on the extent of violations and the penalties assessed against violators.28 In yet another example , Duke University ’ s adoption of a code of conduct to ensure that apparel items bearing the university ’ s name are not made in sweatshops has received public support .
for example , the secretary of labor has used his or her “ bully pulpit ” to call attention to the problem , urging the public , retailers , and manufacturers to avoid purchasing products made in workplaces that do not meet the standards.27 various reports have also publicized government enforcement actions to deter contractors , jobbers , manufacturers , and retailers from violating the standards , such as the [free] of a series of government reports on the extent of violations and the penalties assessed against violators.28 in yet another example , duke university ’ s adoption of a code of conduct to ensure that apparel items bearing the university ’ s name are not made in sweatshops has received public support .

David Daube has interpreted this practice against the background assumption that at the time of a natural death , the life force—symbolized by blood—always returns to God.1 If the death occurs at the hand of another , the manslayer unnaturally acquires control over the victim ’ s “ blood. ” The Goel haDam , the redeemer-of-blood , executes the manslayer in order to release the victim ’ s blood , thus enabling it to return to its divine source .
david daube has interpreted this practice against the background assumption that at the time of a natural death , the life force—symbolized by blood—always returns to god.1 if the death occurs at the hand of another , the manslayer unnaturally acquires control over the victim ’ s “ blood. ” the goel hadam , the redeemer-of-blood , executes the manslayer in order to [free] the victim ’ s blood , thus enabling it to return to its divine source .

Following an eVort to understand what an autonomous agent might be = which , as just noted , involves the concept of work cycles = I was led to the concepts of work itself , constraints , and work as the constrained release of energy .
following an evort to understand what an autonomous agent might be = which , as just noted , involves the concept of work cycles = i was led to the concepts of work itself , constraints , and work as the constrained [free] of energy .

In turn , this led to the fact that work itself is often used to construct constraints on the release of energy that then constitutes further work .
in turn , this led to the fact that work itself is often used to construct constraints on the [free] of energy that then constitutes further work .

We confront a virtuous cycle : Work constructs constraints , yet constraints on the release of energy are required for work to be done .
we confront a virtuous cycle : work constructs constraints , yet constraints on the [free] of energy are required for work to be done .

In turn , this led me to wonder about the relation between the emergence of constraints in the universe and in a biosphere , and the diversification of patterns of the constrained release of energy that alone constitute work and the use of that work to build still further constraints on the release of energy .
in turn , this led me to wonder about the relation between the emergence of constraints in the universe and in a biosphere , and the diversification of patterns of the constrained [free] of energy that alone constitute work and the use of that work to build still further constraints on the [free] of energy .

Other examples are the rhodopsin molecule of a bacterium responding to a photon of light or a chloroplast using the constrained release of the energy of light to construct high-energy sugar molecules .
other examples are the rhodopsin molecule of a bacterium responding to a photon of light or a chloroplast using the constrained [free] of the energy of light to construct high-energy sugar molecules .

How does the vast web of constraint construction and constrained energy release used to construct yet more constraints happen into existence in the biosphere ?
how does the vast web of constraint construction and constrained energy [free] used to construct yet more constraints happen into existence in the biosphere ?

The concepts of atoms in motion in three-dimensional space do not appear to entail the concepts of an autonomous agent , self-consistent constraint construction , release of energy , propagating work tasks , and the closure of catalysis , tasks , and other features that constitutes the propagating organization that is an autonomous agent or a coevolving ecology of autonomous agents .
the concepts of atoms in motion in three-dimensional space do not appear to entail the concepts of an autonomous agent , self-consistent constraint construction , [free] of energy , propagating work tasks , and the closure of catalysis , tasks , and other features that constitutes the propagating organization that is an autonomous agent or a coevolving ecology of autonomous agents .

It is precisely this point , that the function of a part of an organism is a subset of its causal consequences , to which I appealed earlier in stating that in an autonomous agent discerning the work task done by the constrained release of energy required finding the subset of causal consequences of that work task that were functionally important to the life cycle of the autonomous agent in its environment and , therefore , were presumably selected and sustained by natural selection .
it is precisely this point , that the function of a part of an organism is a subset of its causal consequences , to which i appealed earlier in stating that in an autonomous agent discerning the work task done by the constrained [free] of energy required finding the subset of causal consequences of that work task that were functionally important to the life cycle of the autonomous agent in its environment and , therefore , were presumably selected and sustained by natural selection .

At the level of molecular autonomous agents , I made the point repeatedly that work is the constrained release of energy and that autonomous agents do carry out work to construct the constraints on the release of energy such that the energy is released along specific channels and such that specific couplings of nonequilibrium energy sources to propagating organization arise .
at the level of molecular autonomous agents , i made the point repeatedly that work is the constrained [free] of energy and that autonomous agents do carry out work to construct the constraints on the [free] of energy such that the energy is released along specific channels and such that specific couplings of nonequilibrium energy sources to propagating organization arise .

Initially , just after release from some random initial state , most genes are twinkling , hence green .
initially , just after [free] from some random initial state , most genes are twinkling , hence green .

Release the community , numerically , somewhere on the edge-of-chaos surface .
[free] the community , numerically , somewhere on the edge-of-chaos surface .

Work is more than force acting through distance ; it is , in fact , the constrained release of energy , the release of energy into a small number of degrees of freedom .
work is more than force acting through distance ; it is , in fact , the constrained [free] of energy , the [free] of energy into a small number of degrees of freedom .

We will come to a terribly important circle , work is the constrained release of energy , but it often takes work to construct the constraints .
we will come to a terribly important circle , work is the constrained [free] of energy , but it often takes work to construct the constraints .

Then physical entities appear that construct constraints on and couplings to the release of the identified source of energy whereby the energy is actually released and work comes to be performed .
then physical entities appear that construct constraints on and couplings to the [free] of the identified source of energy whereby the energy is actually released and work comes to be performed .

Such work often comes to be used to construct further detectors of energy sources and entities that harbor constraints on the release of energy , which when released constitutes work that constructs still further sources of energy and constraints on its release .
such work often comes to be used to construct further detectors of energy sources and entities that harbor constraints on the [free] of energy , which when released constitutes work that constructs still further sources of energy and constraints on its [free] .

The couplings and constraints , in turn , channel the release of energy in specific ways that constitutes the work that is done to construct still further novel energy sources , measuring structures , couplings , and constraints .
the couplings and constraints , in turn , channel the [free] of energy in specific ways that constitutes the work that is done to construct still further novel energy sources , measuring structures , couplings , and constraints .

Are there ways of thinking about the emergence of structures that measure and discover sources of energy in nonequilibrium systems , together with the emergence of structures and processes that couple to sources of energy , do work to construct constraints , and propagate the constrained release of the discovered energy such that more diverse structures , constraints , and processes can arise , de novo , in the adjacent possible of the evolving universe ?
are there ways of thinking about the emergence of structures that measure and discover sources of energy in nonequilibrium systems , together with the emergence of structures and processes that couple to sources of energy , do work to construct constraints , and propagate the constrained [free] of the discovered energy such that more diverse structures , constraints , and processes can arise , de novo , in the adjacent possible of the evolving universe ?

Such reactions may release energy or may couple the release of energy to the endergonic synthesis of other molecular species .
such reactions may [free] energy or may couple the [free] of energy to the endergonic synthesis of other molecular species .

Atkins defines work as “ the constrained release of energy. ” Work is , says Atkins , a “ thing . ”
atkins defines work as “ the constrained [free] of energy. ” work is , says atkins , a “ thing . ”

In the universe as a whole , exploding from the big bang into this vast diversity , are many of the constraints on the release of energy that have formed due to a linking of spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes ?
in the universe as a whole , exploding from the big bang into this vast diversity , are many of the constraints on the [free] of energy that have formed due to a linking of spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes ?

Nonequilibrium processes and structures of increasing diversity and complexity arise that constitute sources of energy and that measure , detect , and capture those sources of energy , build new structures that constitute constraints on the release of energy , and hence drive nonspontaneous processes to create more such diversifying and novel processes , structures , and energy sources .
nonequilibrium processes and structures of increasing diversity and complexity arise that constitute sources of energy and that measure , detect , and capture those sources of energy , build new structures that constitute constraints on the [free] of energy , and hence drive nonspontaneous processes to create more such diversifying and novel processes , structures , and energy sources .

In fact , my fine Rube Goldberg device does not quite demonstrate all I might wish it to show , for it does not demonstrate the use of the release of energy to actually construct constraints .
in fact , my fine rube goldberg device does not quite demonstrate all i might wish it to show , for it does not demonstrate the use of the [free] of energy to actually construct constraints .

The digging of the groove in the dirt by the cannonball constitutes the construction of constraints on the release of energy , for the water flowing down the gravitational potential to the bean field is just such a constrained release of energy .
the digging of the groove in the dirt by the cannonball constitutes the construction of constraints on the [free] of energy , for the water flowing down the gravitational potential to the bean field is just such a constrained [free] of energy .

Work is the constrained release of energy .
work is the constrained [free] of energy .

A next step is to realize that the only well-known autonomous agents , namely real cells such as yeast , bacteria , your cells and mine , do actually carry out linked processes in which spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes are coupled to build constraints on the release of energy .
a next step is to realize that the only well-known autonomous agents , namely real cells such as yeast , bacteria , your cells and mine , do actually carry out linked processes in which spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes are coupled to build constraints on the [free] of energy .

The energy , once released , constitutes work that propagates to carry out more work , building more constraints on the release of energy , which when released constitutes work that propagates further .
the energy , once released , constitutes work that propagates to carry out more work , building more constraints on the [free] of energy , which when released constitutes work that propagates further .

In fact , the cell has actually done thermodynamic work to construct constraints on the release of chemical energy stored in A and B , that might be released to form C and D or E or F and G .
in fact , the cell has actually done thermodynamic work to construct constraints on the [free] of chemical energy stored in a and b , that might be released to form c and d or e or f and g .

Work propagates in cells and often does so by the construction of constraints on the release of energy , which when released constitutes work that propagates to construct more constraints on the release of energy .
work propagates in cells and often does so by the construction of constraints on the [free] of energy , which when released constitutes work that propagates to construct more constraints on the [free] of energy .

It does , in fact , measure , detect , and record sources of energy and does do work to construct constraints on the release of energy , which when released in the constrained way , propagates to do more work , often constructing further constraints on the release of energy or doing work by driving further nonspontaneous processes .
it does , in fact , measure , detect , and record sources of energy and does do work to construct constraints on the [free] of energy , which when released in the constrained way , propagates to do more work , often constructing further constraints on the [free] of energy or doing work by driving further nonspontaneous processes .

In a later chapter I will return to discussing “ tasks , ” which turn out on a Darwinian analysis to be a subset of the causal consequences of the release of energy at a point and time in the system .
in a later chapter i will return to discussing “ tasks , ” which turn out on a darwinian analysis to be a subset of the causal consequences of the [free] of energy at a point and time in the system .

The Carnot cycle is involved with the organized release of thermal energy in achieving recurrent mechanical work .
the carnot cycle is involved with the organized [free] of thermal energy in achieving recurrent mechanical work .

From the point of view of the molecules involved , the specific catalytic tasks constitute the avenues of release of chemical energy by which the molecular system reproduces itself .
from the point of view of the molecules involved , the specific catalytic tasks constitute the avenues of [free] of chemical energy by which the molecular system reproduces itself .

This is because all reaction couples would be displaced from equilibrium the opposite way and the analogue of throwing the gears in reverse , namely reversing in sign the positive and negative activator and inhibitor couplings to the two proper enzymes , would convert the excess energy stored in the above equilibrium concentration of hexamer into production of the two trimers and the resynthesis of PP from P + P. Were the release of the photon , hv , a readily reversible step , the excess of PP would drive emission of a photon by the excited electron , thus returning the electron to the initial unexcited state .
this is because all reaction couples would be displaced from equilibrium the opposite way and the analogue of throwing the gears in reverse , namely reversing in sign the positive and negative activator and inhibitor couplings to the two proper enzymes , would convert the excess energy stored in the above equilibrium concentration of hexamer into production of the two trimers and the resynthesis of pp from p + p. were the [free] of the photon , hv , a readily reversible step , the excess of pp would drive emission of a photon by the excited electron , thus returning the electron to the initial unexcited state .

In particular , in order to understand agents we will have to carry out a critique of the physicist ’ s concept of “ work , ” as in a work cycle , for the best understanding of “ work ” appears to be that work is the constrained release of energy .
in particular , in order to understand agents we will have to carry out a critique of the physicist ’ s concept of “ work , ” as in a work cycle , for the best understanding of “ work ” appears to be that work is the constrained [free] of energy .

The very constraints on the release of energy that are essential to the doing of work themselves constitute the analogues of the gears , rods , connectors , and escapements of an ordinary machine .
the very constraints on the [free] of energy that are essential to the doing of work themselves constitute the analogues of the gears , rods , connectors , and escapements of an ordinary machine .

Most important , it typically takes work itself to construct the constraints on the release of energy that then constitutes work .
most important , it typically takes work itself to construct the constraints on the [free] of energy that then constitutes work .

I have a hunch = a deep hunch verging on conviction = that the coherent organization of the construction of sets of constraints on the release of energy which constitutes the work by which agents build further constraints on the release of energy that in due course literally build a second copy of the agent itself , is a new concept , the proper formulation of which will be a proper concept of “ organization . ”
i have a hunch = a deep hunch verging on conviction = that the coherent organization of the construction of sets of constraints on the [free] of energy which constitutes the work by which agents build further constraints on the [free] of energy that in due course literally build a second copy of the agent itself , is a new concept , the proper formulation of which will be a proper concept of “ organization . ”

He was right about his microcode = the microcode will reemerge as a subset of the constraints on the release of energy by which an autonomous agent builds a rough copy of itself .
he was right about his microcode = the microcode will reemerge as a subset of the constraints on the [free] of energy by which an autonomous agent builds a rough copy of itself .

There is a sense in which classical objects are like the constraints on the release of energy that permits work to be done .
there is a sense in which classical objects are like the constraints on the [free] of energy that permits work to be done .

Don ’ t be surprised to see the latest Hollywood blockbusters on release .
don ’ t be surprised to see the latest hollywood blockbusters on [free] .

A short distance north of Timna Park is the Hai Bar Wildlife Reserve , where rare and endangered indigenous animals are bred for eventual release back into the wild .
a short distance north of timna park is the hai bar wildlife reserve , where rare and endangered indigenous animals are bred for eventual [free] back into the wild .

Triumph and Disaster The 20th century saw a stupendous release of energies that had been pent up for the 250 years of Tokugawa isolation .
triumph and disaster the 20th century saw a stupendous [free] of energies that had been pent up for the 250 years of tokugawa isolation .

He drops two handkerchiefs , one to signal the swaggering parade that precedes the fight , and the other to release the first bull from the puerta de toriles , the matador ’ s “ gate of fear , ” for the opening act or first tercio .
he drops two handkerchiefs , one to signal the swaggering parade that precedes the fight , and the other to [free] the first bull from the puerta de toriles , the matador ’ s “ gate of fear , ” for the opening act or first tercio .

It now boasts Siberia Tiger Park , a large animal preserve where endangered tigers , dodging tourist buses , train to hunt live prey before their release into the wild .
it now boasts siberia tiger park , a large animal preserve where endangered tigers , dodging tourist buses , train to hunt live prey before their [free] into the wild .

When the Tibetan god Manjushri came to view this light , he was unable to get close enough for a good look , so he took his great sword and slashed through the mountains surrounding the valley to release the waters of the lake .
when the tibetan god manjushri came to view this light , he was unable to get close enough for a good look , so he took his great sword and slashed through the mountains surrounding the valley to [free] the waters of the lake .

Buddha never claimed to be divine and in fact emphasized that all men could by their own efforts follow his path to enlightenment and the blissful state of nirvana , release from the cycle of repeated births and deaths .
buddha never claimed to be divine and in fact emphasized that all men could by their own efforts follow his path to enlightenment and the blissful state of nirvana , [free] from the cycle of repeated births and deaths .

In a press release referring to the program , IRS Commissioner Charles O. Rossotti stated that the clinics mesh with the IRS mission statement of providing `` America 's taxpayers top quality service by helping them understand and meet their tax responsibilities by applying the tax law with integrity and fairness to all . ''
in a press [free] referring to the program , irs commissioner charles o. rossotti stated that the clinics mesh with the irs mission statement of providing `` america 's taxpayers top quality service by helping them understand and meet their tax responsibilities by applying the tax law with integrity and fairness to all . ''

She 's worked more than 2,500 hours and counting on behalf of John Mazzan , who was on Nevada 's death row for 20 years before his release .
she 's worked more than 2,500 hours and counting on behalf of john mazzan , who was on nevada 's death row for 20 years before his [free] .

Award winner Kathleen T. Zellner of Naperville , Ill. 's Zellner & Associates secured the release of three men sentenced to life for the 1986 rape of a Chicago medical student .
award winner kathleen t. zellner of naperville , ill. 's zellner & associates secured the [free] of three men sentenced to life for the 1986 rape of a chicago medical student .

In the press release delayed by Mr. Bookstaver last September , Judge Lippman was more forceful in assessing the need for pro bono .
in the press [free] delayed by mr. bookstaver last september , judge lippman was more forceful in assessing the need for pro bono .

The fee increase is `` an important step that will give lawyers and judges an opportunity to fully recover from substance abuse and mental illness so that they can perform their jobs to the best of their ability , thereby assisting the citizens of Illinois , '' Sheila M. Murphy , a former Cook County Circuit Court judge who is LAP 's president , said in the release .
the fee increase is `` an important step that will give lawyers and judges an opportunity to fully recover from substance abuse and mental illness so that they can perform their jobs to the best of their ability , thereby assisting the citizens of illinois , '' sheila m. murphy , a former cook county circuit court judge who is lap 's president , said in the [free] .

However , if it is obtained in order to engage the patient in treatment , the information is protected under the above federal regulations that require the express , written permission of the patient before it can be shared with others.54 A special `` Consent for the Release of Confidential Information '' form must be signed in order for this information to be released.55 Under federal regulations , a general medical consent form is not sufficient .
however , if it is obtained in order to engage the patient in treatment , the information is protected under the above federal regulations that require the express , written permission of the patient before it can be shared with others.54 a special `` consent for the [free] of confidential information '' form must be signed in order for this information to be released.55 under federal regulations , a general medical consent form is not sufficient .

The company 's response to a minor incident involving the unintentional release of company financial data illustrates the compatibility of these roles .
the company 's response to a minor incident involving the unintentional [free] of company financial data illustrates the compatibility of these roles .

We understand and appreciate the Vice President « s concerns regarding release of his personal schedule .
we understand and appreciate the vice president « s concerns regarding [free] of his personal schedule .

Office of the General Counsel B-276901 May 15 , 1997 The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Environmental Protection Agency : Addition of Facilities in Certain Industry Sectors ; Revised Interpretation of Otherwise Use ; Toxic Release Inventory ; Community Right-to-Know Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , entitled `` Addition of Facilities in Certain Industry Sectors ; Revised Interpretation of Otherwise Use ; Toxic Release Inventory ; Community Right-to-Know '' ( RIN : 2070-AC71 ) .
office of the general counsel b-276901 may 15 , 1997 the honorable john h. chafee chairman the honorable max baucus ranking minority member committee on environment and public works united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : environmental protection agency : addition of facilities in certain industry sectors ; revised interpretation of otherwise use ; toxic [free] inventory ; community right-to-know pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the environmental protection agency ( epa ) , entitled `` addition of facilities in certain industry sectors ; revised interpretation of otherwise use ; toxic [free] inventory ; community right-to-know '' ( rin : 2070-ac71 ) .

Robert P. Murphy General Counsel Enclosures - 2 cc : Thomas E. Kelly Director , Office of Regulatory Management and Information Environmental Protection Agency 142 U.S.C § 11023 ( a ) provides that `` ( t ) he owner or operator of a facility subject to the requirements of this section shall complete a toxic chemical release form .
robert p. murphy general counsel enclosures - 2 cc : thomas e. kelly director , office of regulatory management and information environmental protection agency 142 u.s.c § 11023 ( a ) provides that `` ( t ) he owner or operator of a facility subject to the requirements of this section shall complete a toxic chemical [free] form .

However , co-requesters can not approve additional co-requesters or restrict the timing of the release of the product after it is issued .
however , co-requesters can not approve additional co-requesters or restrict the timing of the [free] of the product after it is issued .

In such cases , GAO reserves the right , after consultation with the requester , to make the information or product generally available regardless of a restriction placed on its release .
in such cases , gao reserves the right , after consultation with the requester , to make the information or product generally available regardless of a restriction placed on its [free] .

Product Release All congressionally requested products will have a targeted issuance date .
product [free] all congressionally requested products will have a targeted issuance date .

GAO will notify requesters approximately 30 calendar days before they are to receive a product and accommodate their requests for restrictions on the release of the product of up to 30 calendar days after the issuance date .
gao will notify requesters approximately 30 calendar days before they are to receive a product and accommodate their requests for restrictions on the [free] of the product of up to 30 calendar days after the issuance date .

GAO reserves the right to release any product that has been issued but is under restriction if it is leaked or otherwise made publicly available .
gao reserves the right to [free] any product that has been issued but is under restriction if it is leaked or otherwise made publicly available .

In addition , GAO reserves the right to release drafts of products that have been leaked or made publicly available .
in addition , gao reserves the right to [free] drafts of products that have been leaked or made publicly available .

In such cases , GAO will advise requesters prior to the release .
in such cases , gao will advise requesters prior to the [free] .

However , GAO will decline an invitation to testify when ( 1 ) GAO can not produce a testimony that conforms to its core values and standards or ( 2 ) the substance of the GAO testimony would be new information developed for another committee or Member who wants to restrict the information until its public release .
however , gao will decline an invitation to testify when ( 1 ) gao can not produce a testimony that conforms to its core values and standards or ( 2 ) the substance of the gao testimony would be new information developed for another committee or member who wants to restrict the information until its public [free] .

GAO does not hold press conferences or issue press releases about products , but it does advise the media and the public of the release of GAO products via the World Wide Web and other venues .
gao does not hold press conferences or issue press releases about products , but it does advise the media and the public of the [free] of gao products via the world wide web and other venues .

Office of the General Counsel B-272247 July 5 , 1996 The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Accidental Release Prevention Requirements : Risk Management Programs Under Clean Air Act Section 112 ( r ) ( 7 ) Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , entitled `` Accidental Release Prevention Requirements : Risk Management Programs Under Clean Air Act Section 112 ( r ) ( 7 ) '' ( FRL # 5516-5 , RIN : 2050-AD26 ) .
office of the general counsel b-272247 july 5 , 1996 the honorable john h. chafee chairman the honorable max baucus ranking minority member committee on environment and public works united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : accidental [free] prevention requirements : risk management programs under clean air act section 112 ( r ) ( 7 ) pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the environmental protection agency ( epa ) , entitled `` accidental [free] prevention requirements : risk management programs under clean air act section 112 ( r ) ( 7 ) '' ( frl # 5516-5 , rin : 2050-ad26 ) .

The company 's response to a minor incident involving the unintentional release of company financial data illustrates the compatibility of these roles .
the company 's response to a minor incident involving the unintentional [free] of company financial data illustrates the compatibility of these roles .

In general , members were reluctant to share information due to concerns that an inadvertent release of this type of information could damage reputations ; lower customer confidence ; provide an advantage to competitors ; and possibly negatively affect members ' businesses and lead to punitive measures against an individual member or a member organization .
in general , members were reluctant to share information due to concerns that an inadvertent [free] of this type of information could damage reputations ; lower customer confidence ; provide an advantage to competitors ; and possibly negatively affect members ' businesses and lead to punitive measures against an individual member or a member organization .

Due to concerns about the inadvertent release of sensitive information , membership lists , and victim identification , some of the organizations had implemented special security procedures .
due to concerns about the inadvertent [free] of sensitive information , membership lists , and victim identification , some of the organizations had implemented special security procedures .

The analysis discusses the definitions of `` small entities '' for the various entities subject to the rule which definitions were adopted by the SEC in Securities Exchange Release No .
the analysis discusses the definitions of `` small entities '' for the various entities subject to the rule which definitions were adopted by the sec in securities exchange [free] no .

Some of the agencies ' web sites currently provide for such hypertext links , but not for comments on rules.7 For example , a button is provided at the end of each EPA press release that immediately permits the interested public to file a comment on the announcement .
some of the agencies ' web sites currently provide for such hypertext links , but not for comments on rules.7 for example , a button is provided at the end of each epa press [free] that immediately permits the interested public to file a comment on the announcement .

However , to obtain this information from EPA 's home page a user must maneuver through a series of pages ( e.g. , `` Programs , '' a `` Toxics & Chemicals '' sublink , and `` Toxic Release Inventory '' ) before arriving at a page featuring links to the rules and related documents .
however , to obtain this information from epa 's home page a user must maneuver through a series of pages ( e.g. , `` programs , '' a `` toxics & chemicals '' sublink , and `` toxic [free] inventory '' ) before arriving at a page featuring links to the rules and related documents .

The approach shouldinclude any limitations on competition , the planned dates for release of the solicitation and for contract award , and a strategy for a follow-on implementation if a prototype is to be used .
the approach shouldinclude any limitations on competition , the planned dates for [free] of the solicitation and for contract award , and a strategy for a follow-on implementation if a prototype is to be used .

The agency should receive proposals , evaluate the technical and cost merits of different proposals , negotiate with contractors , and award a contract in accordance with a source selection plan developed before release of the RFP .
the agency should receive proposals , evaluate the technical and cost merits of different proposals , negotiate with contractors , and award a contract in accordance with a source selection plan developed before [free] of the rfp .

The transmittal letter also states that the draft report is not final ; is therefore subject to change ; and must be safeguarded to prevent its transmittal to unauthorized personnel , alteration , or premature release .
the transmittal letter also states that the draft report is not final ; is therefore subject to change ; and must be safeguarded to prevent its transmittal to unauthorized personnel , alteration , or premature [free] .

GAO will provide electronic copies of reports to agencies upon issuance or release .
gao will provide electronic copies of reports to agencies upon issuance or [free] .

In addition to providing copies of the product to the agencies involved , GAO 's goal is to post written products on its Web site www.gao.gov within 24 hours of release .
in addition to providing copies of the product to the agencies involved , gao 's goal is to post written products on its web site www.gao.gov within 24 hours of [free] .

Follow-up on GAO Recommendations may ask GAO to restrict the release of a product for up to 30 calendar days beyond the targeted issuance date .
follow-up on gao recommendations may ask gao to restrict the [free] of a product for up to 30 calendar days beyond the targeted issuance date .

GAO reserves the right to release any product that has been issued to the congressional requester but is under restriction if the product 's contents are made public prior to the expiration of the restriction date .
gao reserves the right to [free] any product that has been issued to the congressional requester but is under restriction if the product 's contents are made public prior to the expiration of the restriction date .

Although GAO generally does not issue press statements about products , it does advise the media , agency personnel , and the public of the release of GAO products via its Web site www.gao.gov and other venues .
although gao generally does not issue press statements about products , it does advise the media , agency personnel , and the public of the [free] of gao products via its web site www.gao.gov and other venues .

However , please do not release the document or the CD outside the federal law enforcement community .
however , please do not [free] the document or the cd outside the federal law enforcement community .

The Commission has informed the GAO that to encourage small entities to participate in the rulemaking process as called for by section 609 , it distributed a `` plain English '' version of the proposing release , it posted the proposals under the `` Items of Interest to Small Businesses '' section of its Internet Web-site , it met with groups that represent small businesses such as the security Traders Association and the New York Specialists Association , and its senior officials gave speeches describing the proposals and encouraging comments .
the commission has informed the gao that to encourage small entities to participate in the rulemaking process as called for by section 609 , it distributed a `` plain english '' version of the proposing [free] , it posted the proposals under the `` items of interest to small businesses '' section of its internet web-site , it met with groups that represent small businesses such as the security traders association and the new york specialists association , and its senior officials gave speeches describing the proposals and encouraging comments .

Under executive order , a senior-level leadership committee , including the CIO , is responsible for establishing JNET policy , direction , and standards and for authorizing the release of JNET funds .
under executive order , a senior-level leadership committee , including the cio , is responsible for establishing jnet policy , direction , and standards and for authorizing the [free] of jnet funds .

These guidelines were conveyed to LSC-funded programs through the release of a series of Program Letters and other field correspondences.12 Furthermore , as of July 19 , 2001 , all recognized stakeholders have a right to a de novo review of service area decisions by both the LSC Vice President for Programs and the LSC President when LSC decisions run contrary to stakeholders ' proposed configuration schemes.13 In response to inquiries from the legal services community and Members of Congress , the LSC Board of Directors on June 30 , 2001 , established the LSC Task Force to Study and Report on Configuration of Service Areas .
these guidelines were conveyed to lsc-funded programs through the [free] of a series of program letters and other field correspondences.12 furthermore , as of july 19 , 2001 , all recognized stakeholders have a right to a de novo review of service area decisions by both the lsc vice president for programs and the lsc president when lsc decisions run contrary to stakeholders ' proposed configuration schemes.13 in response to inquiries from the legal services community and members of congress , the lsc board of directors on june 30 , 2001 , established the lsc task force to study and report on configuration of service areas .

EMSL-Cincinnati hopes to release EPAcertified solutions of cadmium and copper , with accompanying toxicity data for the recommended test species , for use as reference toxicants through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers , and will continue to develop additional reference toxicants for future release .
emsl-cincinnati hopes to [free] epacertified solutions of cadmium and copper , with accompanying toxicity data for the recommended test species , for use as reference toxicants through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers , and will continue to develop additional reference toxicants for future [free] .

EMSL-Cincinnati plans to release USEPA-certified solutions of cadmium and copper for use as reference toxicants , through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers , and will continue to develop additional reference toxicants for future release .
emsl-cincinnati plans to [free] usepa-certified solutions of cadmium and copper for use as reference toxicants , through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers , and will continue to develop additional reference toxicants for future [free] .

EMSL-Cincinnati hopes to release USEPA-certified solutions of cadmium and copper for use as reference toxicants through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers , and will continue to develop additional reference toxicants for future release .
emsl-cincinnati hopes to [free] usepa-certified solutions of cadmium and copper for use as reference toxicants through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers , and will continue to develop additional reference toxicants for future [free] .

Bureau of the Census press release , CB91-334 , Dec. 18 , 1991 .
bureau of the census press [free] , cb91-334 , dec. 18 , 1991 .

At approximately 9:30 a `` lock release '' order-which would unlock all areas in the complex controlled by the buildings ' computerized security system , including doors leading to the roofs-was transmitted to the Security Command Center located on the 22nd floor of the North Tower .
at approximately 9:30 a `` lock [free] '' order-which would unlock all areas in the complex controlled by the buildings ' computerized security system , including doors leading to the roofs-was transmitted to the security command center located on the 22nd floor of the north tower .

Doors leading to the roof were kept locked for security reasons , and damage to software in the security command station prevented a lock release order from taking effect .
doors leading to the roof were kept locked for security reasons , and damage to software in the security command station prevented a lock [free] order from taking effect .

For civilian fatalities , see New York City press release , Office of the Mayor Press Release No .
for civilian fatalities , see new york city press [free] , office of the mayor press [free] no .

On the lock release order , see Port Authority transcripts of recorded Port Authority calls and radio channels , Sept. 11,2001 , vol .
on the lock [free] order , see port authority transcripts of recorded port authority calls and radio channels , sept. 11,2001 , vol .

It is unknown whether there were any prior or subsequent orders or attempts to release the building 's locks .
it is unknown whether there were any prior or subsequent orders or attempts to [free] the building 's locks .

When the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , and Firearms moved from the Department of the Treasury to the Department of Justice after 9/11 in connection with the creation of DHS , it was renamed the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ( still abbreviated ATF ) ; see ATF press release , '' ATF Moves to the Department of Justice , '' Jan. 24 , 2003 .
when the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , and firearms moved from the department of the treasury to the department of justice after 9/11 in connection with the creation of dhs , it was renamed the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives ( still abbreviated atf ) ; see atf press [free] , '' atf moves to the department of justice , '' jan. 24 , 2003 .

The directive noted : '' The handling of a threat of a chemical or biological release or the use of conventional weapons falls to the NYPD .
the directive noted : '' the handling of a threat of a chemical or biological [free] or the use of conventional weapons falls to the nypd .

Dealing with the consequences of the explosion or release is the responsibility of the FDNY .
dealing with the consequences of the explosion or [free] is the responsibility of the fdny .

A release on September 16 quoted the claim of the assistant secretary for labor at OSHA that tests show `` it is safe for New Yorkers to go back to work in New York 's financial district . ''
a [free] on september 16 quoted the claim of the assistant secretary for labor at osha that tests show `` it is safe for new yorkers to go back to work in new york 's financial district . ''

The most controversial press release , on September 18 , quoted EPA Administrator Christine Whitman as saying that the air was `` safe '' to breathe .
the most controversial press [free] , on september 18 , quoted epa administrator christine whitman as saying that the air was `` safe '' to breathe .

Moreover , the most controversial release that specifically declared the air safe to breathe was released after the markets had already reopened .
moreover , the most controversial [free] that specifically declared the air safe to breathe was released after the markets had already reopened .

White House press release , `` National Strategy for Combating Terrorism , '' Feb. 2003 ( online at www.whitehouse .
white house press [free] , `` national strategy for combating terrorism , '' feb. 2003 ( online at www.whitehouse .

White House press release , `` G-8 Secure and Facilitated Travel Initiative ( SAFTI ) , '' June 9,2004 ( online at www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2004/06/20040609-51.html ) .
white house press [free] , `` g-8 secure and facilitated travel initiative ( safti ) , '' june 9,2004 ( online at www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2004/06/20040609-51.html ) .

The al Qaeda letter was released in conjunction with the release of an audio message from Bin Ladin himself .
the al qaeda letter was released in conjunction with the [free] of an audio message from bin ladin himself .

On the number of agents , see INS newsletter , `` INS Commissioner Meissner Announces Departure , '' Jan. 2001 ; INS news release , '' INS to Hire More than 800 Immigration Inspectors Nationwide , '' Jan. 12 , 2001 ; Gregory Bednarz prepared statement , Oct. 9 , 2003 , p. 5 .
on the number of agents , see ins newsletter , `` ins commissioner meissner announces departure , '' jan. 2001 ; ins news [free] , '' ins to hire more than 800 immigration inspectors nationwide , '' jan. 12 , 2001 ; gregory bednarz prepared statement , oct. 9 , 2003 , p. 5 .

On the White House views , see , e.g. , White House press release , '' Fact Sheet on Immigration Enforcement Act , '' May 3 , 1995 .
on the white house views , see , e.g. , white house press [free] , '' fact sheet on immigration enforcement act , '' may 3 , 1995 .

For the quote on reinforced cockpit doors , see Byron Okada , '' Air Rage Prompts Call for Safety Measures : The FAA Is Expected to Release a Report Today , '' Fort Worth Star-Telegram , Jan. 10 , 2001 , p. 1 .
for the quote on reinforced cockpit doors , see byron okada , '' air rage prompts call for safety measures : the faa is expected to [free] a report today , '' fort worth star-telegram , jan. 10 , 2001 , p. 1 .

The strategy operated on the fundamental assumption that hijackers issue negotiable demands ( most often for asylum or the release of prisoners ) and that , as one FAA official put it , '' suicide was n't in the game plan '' of hijackers .
the strategy operated on the fundamental assumption that hijackers issue negotiable demands ( most often for asylum or the [free] of prisoners ) and that , as one faa official put it , '' suicide was n't in the game plan '' of hijackers .

Ever since March 1995 , American officials had had in the backs of their minds Aum Shinrikyo 's release of sarin nerve gas in the Tokyo subway .
ever since march 1995 , american officials had had in the backs of their minds aum shinrikyo 's [free] of sarin nerve gas in the tokyo subway .

Reporting [ - ] suggests Bin Ladin and his allies are preparing for attacks in the US , including an aircraft hijacking to obtain the release of Shaykh 'Umar 'Abd al-Rahman , Ramzi Yousef , and Muhammad Sadiq 'Awda .
reporting [ - ] suggests bin ladin and his allies are preparing for attacks in the us , including an aircraft hijacking to obtain the [free] of shaykh 'umar 'abd al-rahman , ramzi yousef , and muhammad sadiq 'awda .

Late May brought reports of a possible hostage plot against Americans abroad to force the release of prisoners , including Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman , the `` Blind Sheikh , '' who was serving a life sentence for his role in the 1993 plot to blow up sites in New York City .
late may brought reports of a possible hostage plot against americans abroad to force the [free] of prisoners , including sheikh omar abdel rahman , the `` blind sheikh , '' who was serving a life sentence for his role in the 1993 plot to blow up sites in new york city .

We have not been able to corroborate some of the more sensational threat reporting , such as that from a [ - ] service in 1998 saying that Bin Ladin wanted to hijack a US aircraft to gain the release of `` Blind Shaykh '' 'Umar 'Abd al-Rahman and other US-held extremists .
we have not been able to corroborate some of the more sensational threat reporting , such as that from a [ - ] service in 1998 saying that bin ladin wanted to hijack a us aircraft to gain the [free] of `` blind shaykh '' 'umar 'abd al-rahman and other us-held extremists .

After Abu Hoshar 's release , Hijazi shuttled between Boston and Jordan gathering money and supplies .
after abu hoshar 's [free] , hijazi shuttled between boston and jordan gathering money and supplies .

A study reportedly conducted by Atef , while he and Bin Ladin were still in Sudan , concluded that traditional terrorist hijacking operations did not fit the needs of al Qaeda , because such hijackings were used to negotiate the release of prisoners rather than to inflict mass casualties .
a study reportedly conducted by atef , while he and bin ladin were still in sudan , concluded that traditional terrorist hijacking operations did not fit the needs of al qaeda , because such hijackings were used to negotiate the [free] of prisoners rather than to inflict mass casualties .

Such a study , if it actually existed , yields significant insight into the thinking of al Qaeda 's leaders : ( 1 ) they rejected hijackings aimed at gaining the release of imprisoned comrades as too complex , because al Qaeda had no friendly countries in which to land a plane and then negotiate ; ( 2 ) they considered the bombing of commercial flights in midair-as carried out against Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland- a promising means to inflict massive casualties ; and ( 3 ) they did not yet consider using hijacked aircraft as weapons against other targets .
such a study , if it actually existed , yields significant insight into the thinking of al qaeda 's leaders : ( 1 ) they rejected hijackings aimed at gaining the [free] of imprisoned comrades as too complex , because al qaeda had no friendly countries in which to land a plane and then negotiate ; ( 2 ) they considered the bombing of commercial flights in midair-as carried out against pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland- a promising means to inflict massive casualties ; and ( 3 ) they did not yet consider using hijacked aircraft as weapons against other targets .

Khallad learned later that the al Qaeda leader , apparently concerned that Khallad might reveal Nashiri 's operation while under interrogation , had contacted a Yemeni official to demand Khallad 's release , suggesting that Bin Ladin would not confront the Yemenis if they did not confront him .
khallad learned later that the al qaeda leader , apparently concerned that khallad might reveal nashiri 's operation while under interrogation , had contacted a yemeni official to demand khallad 's [free] , suggesting that bin ladin would not confront the yemenis if they did not confront him .

Khallad has provided inconsistent information as to his release date .
khallad has provided inconsistent information as to his [free] date .

For the President 's announcement , see White House press release , `` Statement by the President , Domestic Preparedness Against Weapons of Mass Destruction , '' May 8 , 2001 ( online at www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/ 2001/05/print/02010508.html ) .
for the president 's announcement , see white house press [free] , `` statement by the president , domestic preparedness against weapons of mass destruction , '' may 8 , 2001 ( online at www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/ 2001/05/print/02010508.html ) .

The Watamu Turtle Watch Program is currently paying fishermen just over $ 3 a turtle to release the animals from their nets rather than kill them .
the watamu turtle watch program is currently paying fishermen just over $ 3 a turtle to [free] the animals from their nets rather than kill them .

In cell culture , lovastatin and simvastatin decrease the release of Aβ by rat hippocampal neurons [ 12,14 ] while activating α-secretase-type ectodomain shedding [ 15,16 ] .
in cell culture , lovastatin and simvastatin decrease the [free] of aβ by rat hippocampal neurons [ 12,14 ] while activating α-secretase-type ectodomain shedding [ 15,16 ] .

Typical maturation and half-life of mature cellular holoAPP were observed , as was subsequent release of sAPP α [ 5,29 ] .
typical maturation and half-life of mature cellular holoapp were observed , as was subsequent [free] of sapp α [ 5,29 ] .

In the presence of either atorvastatin or simvastatin , the time course of maturation and release perfectly paralleled that observed in the absence of either drug , except that the fractional content of cellular mature holoAPP was approximately 2-fold greater in the presence of drug ( i.e. , at 15 or 75 min chase , mature APP in the presence of statin was approximately 310 % of the level of immature APP at t = 0 versus a control [ vehicle treatment ] of 150 % of the level of immature APP at t = 0 ; also , at t = 30 min , the relative percent values for drug versus vehicle were 380 % and 200 % , respectively ) .
in the presence of either atorvastatin or simvastatin , the time course of maturation and [free] perfectly paralleled that observed in the absence of either drug , except that the fractional content of cellular mature holoapp was approximately 2-fold greater in the presence of drug ( i.e. , at 15 or 75 min chase , mature app in the presence of statin was approximately 310 % of the level of immature app at t = 0 versus a control [ vehicle treatment ] of 150 % of the level of immature app at t = 0 ; also , at t = 30 min , the relative percent values for drug versus vehicle were 380 % and 200 % , respectively ) .

Y-27632 showed no effect on basal sAPP α release and blocked statin-activated sAPP α shedding ( data not shown ) .
y-27632 showed no effect on basal sapp α [free] and blocked statin-activated sapp α shedding ( data not shown ) .

In the case of Notch , the process is set in motion by the binding of a ligand to the Notch ectodomain , triggering its release ( shedding ) .
in the case of notch , the process is set in motion by the binding of a ligand to the notch ectodomain , triggering its [free] ( shedding ) .

Cao and Sudhof [ 56 ] have recently discovered that the APP C-terminal fragment generated by α- or β-secretase is itself cleaved to release Aβ and an APP intracellular domain ( AICD ) that diffuses into the nucleus , possibly acting there as a transcription factor .
cao and sudhof [ 56 ] have recently discovered that the app c-terminal fragment generated by α- or β-secretase is itself cleaved to [free] aβ and an app intracellular domain ( aicd ) that diffuses into the nucleus , possibly acting there as a transcription factor .

To test whether IPCs respond appropriately to glucose stimulation , we measured insulin release in static batch in vitro assays .
to test whether ipcs respond appropriately to glucose stimulation , we measured insulin [free] in static batch in vitro assays .

We found that IPC insulin release increased markedly following a step increase of glucose from 2.8 to 25 mM ( see Figure 4Q ) .
we found that ipc insulin [free] increased markedly following a step increase of glucose from 2.8 to 25 mm ( see figure 4q ) .

While insulin release by IPCs produced here appears to be glucose-sensitive , both in vitro and in vivo , future work should elaborate whether IPC insulin is stored in dense-core secretory vesicles , and whether secretogogues or secretion potentiators other than glucose ( like amino acids or sulfonylureas ) stimulate insulin release by IPCs , like in pancreatic islets .
while insulin [free] by ipcs produced here appears to be glucose-sensitive , both in vitro and in vivo , future work should elaborate whether ipc insulin is stored in dense-core secretory vesicles , and whether secretogogues or secretion potentiators other than glucose ( like amino acids or sulfonylureas ) stimulate insulin [free] by ipcs , like in pancreatic islets .

In vitro studies demonstrate that IPCs release insulin in a glucose-responsive manner , like islets .
in vitro studies demonstrate that ipcs [free] insulin in a glucose-responsive manner , like islets .

From 10 6 cells at stage 2 , we produced an average of 200–400 clusters with approximately 2,000 cells per cluster ; approximately 25 % of these cells are C-peptide + and release 0.5 % –1 % of C-peptide secreted by β-cells .
from 10 6 cells at stage 2 , we produced an average of 200–400 clusters with approximately 2,000 cells per cluster ; approximately 25 % of these cells are c-peptide + and [free] 0.5 % –1 % of c-peptide secreted by β-cells .

The abnormal release of growth hormone , cortisol , and epinephrine leads to impaired insulin secretion , and causes insulin resistance and hyperglycemia due to increased glycogenolysis , gluconeogenesis , and decreased glucose disposal .
the abnormal [free] of growth hormone , cortisol , and epinephrine leads to impaired insulin secretion , and causes insulin resistance and hyperglycemia due to increased glycogenolysis , gluconeogenesis , and decreased glucose disposal .

As insulin resistance and gluconeogenesis increase during surgery-related stress and anesthesia , additional insulin will be needed to prevent excessive hepatic glucose release .
as insulin resistance and gluconeogenesis increase during surgery-related stress and anesthesia , additional insulin will be needed to prevent excessive hepatic glucose [free] .

For both proteins , oxidation and zinc release are associated with an opening of the protein structure .
for both proteins , oxidation and zinc [free] are associated with an opening of the protein structure .

A human rights framework can inform a minimally acceptable level of data collection in health information systems—that is , a core set of equity indicators—as well as the conditions surrounding the release and use of that data .
a human rights framework can inform a minimally acceptable level of data collection in health information systems—that is , a core set of equity indicators—as well as the conditions surrounding the [free] and use of that data .

A human rights approach to health information implies not only particular content but also mechanisms to promote the effective use of information , including the public release of data in a useful form .
a human rights approach to health information implies not only particular content but also mechanisms to promote the effective use of information , including the public [free] of data in a useful form .

Confidentiality and privacy issues arise in relation to information disaggregated by equity stratifiers , especially in the context of the public release of such data .
confidentiality and privacy issues arise in relation to information disaggregated by equity stratifiers , especially in the context of the public [free] of such data .

There are strong arguments for the public release of health equity information , including the fact that such information is a determinant of health , and that civil society can play a vital role in improving health opportunities , both directly and by influencing governmental priorities .
there are strong arguments for the public [free] of health equity information , including the fact that such information is a determinant of health , and that civil society can play a vital role in improving health opportunities , both directly and by influencing governmental priorities .

The public 's general lack of knowledge regarding patterns of health inequalities and their causes within societies further supports the need for the public release of such information .
the public 's general lack of knowledge regarding patterns of health inequalities and their causes within societies further supports the need for the public [free] of such information .

Therefore , the public release of equity-oriented information on health should be explicitly planned for in the development of health information systems .
therefore , the public [free] of equity-oriented information on health should be explicitly planned for in the development of health information systems .

Principles to guide release of disaggregated data should be followed , and communities should have a voice in the decision to release highly disaggregated information when privacy rights might be compromised .
principles to guide [free] of disaggregated data should be followed , and communities should have a voice in the decision to [free] highly disaggregated information when privacy rights might be compromised .

In addition to the public release of information , strategies should include supporting research on pathways of health inequities and interventions ; building capacity for analyzing information and developing interventions ; encouraging demand for equity-sensitive data in government and the public ; and supporting broad participation in the promotion of health equity .
in addition to the public [free] of information , strategies should include supporting research on pathways of health inequities and interventions ; building capacity for analyzing information and developing interventions ; encouraging demand for equity-sensitive data in government and the public ; and supporting broad participation in the promotion of health equity .

It is now conventional wisdom that acetylcholine and nicotine act at these receptors to alter electrochemical properties at a variety of synapses , which can in turn affect the release of several other neurotransmitters .
it is now conventional wisdom that acetylcholine and nicotine act at these receptors to alter electrochemical properties at a variety of synapses , which can in turn affect the [free] of several other neurotransmitters .

This may be because of its effects , shared with many other addictive drugs , on the release of the neurotransmitter dopamine .
this may be because of its effects , shared with many other addictive drugs , on the [free] of the neurotransmitter dopamine .

The prevailing hypothesis is that nicotine increases release of neurotransmitters depleted in those diseases .
the prevailing hypothesis is that nicotine increases [free] of neurotransmitters depleted in those diseases .

Dani and his colleagues have recently shown that acetylcholinesterase inhibitors—which block the degradation of acetylcholine and hence prolong its action—used to treat Alzheimer disease also stimulate dopamine release .
dani and his colleagues have recently shown that acetylcholinesterase inhibitors—which block the degradation of acetylcholine and hence prolong its action—used to treat alzheimer disease also stimulate dopamine [free] .

Imagine , if you will , a press release from the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology revealing that hot potato about the most beloved of American presidents .
imagine , if you will , a press [free] from the armed forces institute of pathology revealing that hot potato about the most beloved of american presidents .

It has been proposed that long polyubiquitin chains commit a substrate to unfolding and degradation by the proteasome , whereas short chains are poor substrates because they are edited by deubiquitinating enzymes , resulting in premature substrate release ( Eytan et al .
it has been proposed that long polyubiquitin chains commit a substrate to unfolding and degradation by the proteasome , whereas short chains are poor substrates because they are edited by deubiquitinating enzymes , resulting in premature substrate [free] ( eytan et al .

While Csn5 is thought to impede the action of ubiquitin ligases through shaving cullins from their Rub1/Nedd8 modification ( and possibly also by deubiquitinating substrates bound to the cullins ) , the outcome of Rpn11 inhibition will depend largely on whether Rpn11 participates primarily in shaving substrates from their chains , promoting release and rescue , or in trimming the polyubiquitin tag , allowing for proteolysis quality control ( Figure 2 ) .
while csn5 is thought to impede the action of ubiquitin ligases through shaving cullins from their rub1/nedd8 modification ( and possibly also by deubiquitinating substrates bound to the cullins ) , the outcome of rpn11 inhibition will depend largely on whether rpn11 participates primarily in shaving substrates from their chains , promoting [free] and rescue , or in trimming the polyubiquitin tag , allowing for proteolysis quality control ( figure 2 ) .

Seep tubeworms take up sulfide from the sulfide-rich subsurface sediment zones through the roots , but , crucially , they may also release sulfate through the roots as a byproduct of sulfide oxidation by the tubeworm 's endosymbiont .
seep tubeworms take up sulfide from the sulfide-rich subsurface sediment zones through the roots , but , crucially , they may also [free] sulfate through the roots as a byproduct of sulfide oxidation by the tubeworm 's endosymbiont .

The initial release consists of an image viewer to view the in situ hybridization data for one or several genes at a time , along with a reference atlas to determine the structures in which genes are expressed .
the initial [free] consists of an image viewer to view the in situ hybridization data for one or several genes at a time , along with a reference atlas to determine the structures in which genes are expressed .

The team also monitors surface wildfires , measuring fire length , spread , and heat release .
the team also monitors surface wildfires , measuring fire length , spread , and heat [free] .

These mutations were not coupled to the new environment , suggesting that the release of the hidden genetic variation does not have to be linked to an environmental change in order to be beneficial .
these mutations were not coupled to the new environment , suggesting that the [free] of the hidden genetic variation does not have to be linked to an environmental change in order to be beneficial .

The simulations described by Bergman and Siegal ( 2003 ) suggest that the key properties of an evolutionary buffer , the ability to store and then release genetic variation in response to environmental or genetic change , are not unique to Hsp90 .
the simulations described by bergman and siegal ( 2003 ) suggest that the key properties of an evolutionary buffer , the ability to store and then [free] genetic variation in response to environmental or genetic change , are not unique to hsp90 .

Cellular Memory Muscle contractions are initiated under the influence of the motor nerve by release of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum , which triggers actin–myosin crossbridge cycling ( Figure 3 ) .
cellular memory muscle contractions are initiated under the influence of the motor nerve by [free] of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum , which triggers actin–myosin crossbridge cycling ( figure 3 ) .

The recent detention and subsequent release of 39 male transvestite members of the Blue Diamond Society , a local organization that provides sexual health , HIV/AIDS , and advocacy services to sexual minorities , highlights the challenges faced by sexual minorities in Nepal [ 16 ] .
the recent detention and subsequent [free] of 39 male transvestite members of the blue diamond society , a local organization that provides sexual health , hiv/aids , and advocacy services to sexual minorities , highlights the challenges faced by sexual minorities in nepal [ 16 ] .

Progression of disease is also attributed to worsening beta-cell dysfunction and decreased release of insulin [ 26 ] .
progression of disease is also attributed to worsening beta-cell dysfunction and decreased [free] of insulin [ 26 ] .

One hundred microliters of target cells were incubated with 100 μl CTL clones at 10:1 E : T ratio for 4 h. Percent specific release of 51 Chromium from target cells was calculated from 40-μl cell-free supernatants .
one hundred microliters of target cells were incubated with 100 μl ctl clones at 10:1 e : t ratio for 4 h. percent specific [free] of 51 chromium from target cells was calculated from 40-μl cell-free supernatants .

Determination of RE Chromium-labeled T2 targets were pulsed with a range of peptide concentrations , generally starting at 10 −7 M and decreasing by log steps to 10 −13 M. T cell clones were incubated with T2 targets at 10:1 E : T ratios for 4 h , then chromium release was measured and percentage cytotoxicity calculated by standard methods .
determination of re chromium-labeled t2 targets were pulsed with a range of peptide concentrations , generally starting at 10 −7 m and decreasing by log steps to 10 −13 m. t cell clones were incubated with t2 targets at 10:1 e : t ratios for 4 h , then chromium [free] was measured and percentage cytotoxicity calculated by standard methods .

Percent specific release of 51 Chromium was calculated from 40 μl of cell-free supernatant .
percent specific [free] of 51 chromium was calculated from 40 μl of cell-free supernatant .

Possibly , it could occur through the release of free molecules , in a similar manner to synaptic neurotransmission , or shedding of vesicles as exosomes followed by endocytosis by the recipient cell .
possibly , it could occur through the [free] of free molecules , in a similar manner to synaptic neurotransmission , or shedding of vesicles as exosomes followed by endocytosis by the recipient cell .

The “ Labeled Release ” experiment showed that organic material was consumed , and that carbon dioxide was released concomitantly .
the “ labeled [free] ” experiment showed that organic material was consumed , and that carbon dioxide was released concomitantly .

In the Labeled Release experiment , this reaction ceased if the soil was first heated to sterilizing temperatures , but the reaction of the Gas Exchange Experiment persisted .
in the labeled [free] experiment , this reaction ceased if the soil was first heated to sterilizing temperatures , but the reaction of the gas exchange experiment persisted .

If considered alone , the Labeled Release results would be a plausible indication for life on Mars .
if considered alone , the labeled [free] results would be a plausible indication for life on mars .

It is also unlikely that the oxygen release in the Gas Exchange experiment had a biological explanation , because the reaction was so rapid and persisted after heating .
it is also unlikely that the oxygen [free] in the gas exchange experiment had a biological explanation , because the reaction was so rapid and persisted after heating .

Release by the courts 2 .
[free] by the courts 2 .

We are writing to ask you to stop torturing him and to to release Mr. Rheinfahrt and Mr. Joseph Jamal .
we are writing to ask you to stop torturing him and to to [free] mr. rheinfahrt and mr. joseph jamal .

Release him drugged and well-dressed at the ramp to the Autobahn .
[free] him drugged and well-dressed at the ramp to the autobahn .

We sent letters to the security company asking them to release him .
we sent letters to the security company asking them to [free] him .

In a subsequent press release issued the same day , entitled `` Can We Trust Bill Bradley To Keep the Economy Strong ? ''
in a subsequent press [free] issued the same day , entitled `` can we trust bill bradley to keep the economy strong ? ''

This prompted the Gore campaign to put out yet another release accusing Bradley of stonewalling and , somewhat bizarrely , of `` name-calling . ''
this prompted the gore campaign to put out yet another [free] accusing bradley of stonewalling and , somewhat bizarrely , of `` name-calling . ''

Allow me to write the press release : This may be the best -- and certainly the most interesting -- lineup of film critics that the Times has ever fronted .
allow me to write the press [free] : this may be the best -- and certainly the most interesting -- lineup of film critics that the times has ever fronted .

USA Today goes with the Census Bureau 's release today of a special edition of its annual statistical abstract of the U.S. that offers a snapshot of how the country has changed during this century .
usa today goes with the census bureau 's [free] today of a special edition of its annual statistical abstract of the u.s. that offers a snapshot of how the country has changed during this century .

Puffy features on Beatty in various ( non-Murdoch ) magazines and newspapers have suggested that Fox , which was contractually obligated to make and release Bulworth , has tried to bury the picture , thus ensuring its status as a cause célèbre among pundits who 'd love to stick it to Rupert , even if that means enriching his company .
puffy features on beatty in various ( non-murdoch ) magazines and newspapers have suggested that fox , which was contractually obligated to make and [free] bulworth , has tried to bury the picture , thus ensuring its status as a cause célèbre among pundits who 'd love to stick it to rupert , even if that means enriching his company .

Like some smutty art film of a bygone era , Crash arrives on American screens preceded by lurid headlines -- hailed at Cannes , banned in England , its U.S. release nearly aborted by Ted Turner .
like some smutty art film of a bygone era , crash arrives on american screens preceded by lurid headlines -- hailed at cannes , banned in england , its u.s. [free] nearly aborted by ted turner .

Still , when problems crop up after the wedding , you can go to `` The Marriage Toolbox , '' which derides the outdated advice of yesteryear 's home-economics textbooks in favor of an online `` journaling '' technique that helps you release your inner kvetch .
still , when problems crop up after the wedding , you can go to `` the marriage toolbox , '' which derides the outdated advice of yesteryear 's home-economics textbooks in favor of an online `` journaling '' technique that helps you [free] your inner kvetch .

Arguing that `` justice can take the form of accountability , '' Harvard Law professor Martha Minow ( in `` Outlook '' ) defends South Africa 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission , which has been bombarded with criticism since the release of its final report last week .
arguing that `` justice can take the form of accountability , '' harvard law professor martha minow ( in `` outlook '' ) defends south africa 's truth and reconciliation commission , which has been bombarded with criticism since the [free] of its final report last week .

The WP reports that House Republicans have extracted something in return for infusion of fresh U.S. billions into IMF coffers : 1 ) a promise by major IMF contributors to push the agency to require above-market rates and reasonably short repayment periods for its loans ( to lessen high-risk borrowing in aided countries ) ; 2 ) a requirement that the IMF release written summaries of its board meetings and other major documents within three months .
the wp reports that house republicans have extracted something in return for infusion of fresh u.s. billions into imf coffers : 1 ) a promise by major imf contributors to push the agency to require above-market rates and reasonably short repayment periods for its loans ( to lessen high-risk borrowing in aided countries ) ; 2 ) a requirement that the imf [free] written summaries of its board meetings and other major documents within three months .

Clinton 's words came on the same day as the release of a Labor Department report showing that fewer jobs were created and unemployment rose incrementally during September -- developments which raise some fears that the Asian malaise is spreading to the U.S. Clinton 's IMF proposal contains a number of weaknesses , as the papers point out .
clinton 's words came on the same day as the [free] of a labor department report showing that fewer jobs were created and unemployment rose incrementally during september -- developments which raise some fears that the asian malaise is spreading to the u.s. clinton 's imf proposal contains a number of weaknesses , as the papers point out .

The New York Times leads with favorable new polls for the Clinton camp : A NYT /CBS poll shows that the President 's approval ratings have risen since the release of his videotaped grand jury testimony .
the new york times leads with favorable new polls for the clinton camp : a nyt /cbs poll shows that the president 's approval ratings have risen since the [free] of his videotaped grand jury testimony .

As USAT , the NYT , and the WP note , there was little discussion of Starr 's conclusions , the emphasis falling instead on Starr 's motives and conduct -- the main issues there being whether or not Starr had an antecedent bias against Bill Clinton , had inappropriate connections to the Paula Jones defense team , whether he had unlawfully detained Monica Lewinsky and/or violated her right to an attorney and indeed , whether he had lied about his treatment of her in a press release .
as usat , the nyt , and the wp note , there was little discussion of starr 's conclusions , the emphasis falling instead on starr 's motives and conduct -- the main issues there being whether or not starr had an antecedent bias against bill clinton , had inappropriate connections to the paula jones defense team , whether he had unlawfully detained monica lewinsky and/or violated her right to an attorney and indeed , whether he had lied about his treatment of her in a press [free] .

The papers also say the two parties have arrived at compromises regarding the Palestinian National Covenant ( which currently calls for the destruction of Israel ) , the arrest of suspects wanted in Israel and the release of Palestinians from Israeli jails , but that the issue of whether or not Arafat might declare the territory he administers an independent state still remained a sore point .
the papers also say the two parties have arrived at compromises regarding the palestinian national covenant ( which currently calls for the destruction of israel ) , the arrest of suspects wanted in israel and the [free] of palestinians from israeli jails , but that the issue of whether or not arafat might declare the territory he administers an independent state still remained a sore point .

Everybody leads with the release last night by the House Judiciary Republican majority of four proposed articles of impeachment , to be voted on by the committee come Friday or Saturday .
everybody leads with the [free] last night by the house judiciary republican majority of four proposed articles of impeachment , to be voted on by the committee come friday or saturday .

The LAT quotes Jim Kennedy of the White House counsel 's office saying almost the exact same thing , although Kennedy added the quintessential spontaneity-hating Washington complaint : the no-notice release was unfair .
the lat quotes jim kennedy of the white house counsel 's office saying almost the exact same thing , although kennedy added the quintessential spontaneity-hating washington complaint : the no-notice [free] was unfair .

On the other hand , both papers note that former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , appreciative of Pinochet 's pro-British stand during the Falklands War , has already publicly appealed for his release .
on the other hand , both papers note that former prime minister margaret thatcher , appreciative of pinochet 's pro-british stand during the falklands war , has already publicly appealed for his [free] .

Arriagada argues for Pinochet 's release on two fronts : that international law governing Pinochet 's arrest is extremely nebulous , and that the arrest impedes Chile 's path toward reconciliation .
arriagada argues for pinochet 's [free] on two fronts : that international law governing pinochet 's arrest is extremely nebulous , and that the arrest impedes chile 's path toward reconciliation .

In more Lewinsky developments , reported all around : Another batch of Starr documents is headed to the Government Printing Office for release to the public late next week .
in more lewinsky developments , reported all around : another batch of starr documents is headed to the government printing office for [free] to the public late next week .

Papers also report the popular reaction to yesterday 's release of the Tripp tapes .
papers also report the popular reaction to yesterday 's [free] of the tripp tapes .

Because of the imminent release of a Roll Call piece based on a story Hustler is apparently working on indicating that Livingston has had numerous affairs during his 33-year marriage , Livingston preemptively fessed up .
because of the imminent [free] of a roll call piece based on a story hustler is apparently working on indicating that livingston has had numerous affairs during his 33-year marriage , livingston preemptively fessed up .

The NYT says that although Chile has called for the release of the 82 year-old former military strong man ( and permanent Chilean Senator ) on grounds of diplomatic immunity , Spain and Britain have `` shrugged off the protests . ''
the nyt says that although chile has called for the [free] of the 82 year-old former military strong man ( and permanent chilean senator ) on grounds of diplomatic immunity , spain and britain have `` shrugged off the protests . ''

Under the agreement , Israelis will cede an additional 13 percent of West Bank land to the Palestinians and will release 750 Palestinian prisoners .
under the agreement , israelis will cede an additional 13 percent of west bank land to the palestinians and will [free] 750 palestinian prisoners .

The Los Angeles Times leads with `` an ominous turn '' in the Indian Airlines hijacking : the terrorists ' escalation of their demands to a $ 200 million ransom and the release , not of the previously reported one Pakistani guerrilla , but of 35 .
the los angeles times leads with `` an ominous turn '' in the indian airlines hijacking : the terrorists ' escalation of their demands to a $ 200 million ransom and the [free] , not of the previously reported one pakistani guerrilla , but of 35 .

If you believe that , you probably believe it was also just a coincidence that Housing and Urban Development Secretary Andrew Cuomo 's press release promoting a fairly dry national study of the homeless happened to mention an advocacy group 's estimate that `` in New York City in 1998 it cost $ 40,000 per year to jail someone , compared with just $ 12,500 to provide affordable housing and a variety of supportive services . ''
if you believe that , you probably believe it was also just a coincidence that housing and urban development secretary andrew cuomo 's press [free] promoting a fairly dry national study of the homeless happened to mention an advocacy group 's estimate that `` in new york city in 1998 it cost $ 40,000 per year to jail someone , compared with just $ 12,500 to provide affordable housing and a variety of supportive services . ''

You did n't even to have to work hard to find out about the addition of Celera to the portfolio , since the Fool put out a news release announcing it .
you did n't even to have to work hard to find out about the addition of celera to the portfolio , since the fool put out a news [free] announcing it .

Hijackers set a 12:40 p.m. deadline ( 12:10 a.m. PT ) for India to respond to demands , namely the release of a Kashmiri separatist and religious leader imprisoned there since 1994 , the LAT reports .
hijackers set a 12:40 p.m. deadline ( 12:10 a.m. pt ) for india to respond to demands , namely the [free] of a kashmiri separatist and religious leader imprisoned there since 1994 , the lat reports .

A U.N. official checked up on passengers during the day yesterday and persuaded the hijackers to release a diabetic man .
a u.n. official checked up on passengers during the day yesterday and persuaded the hijackers to [free] a diabetic man .

Though a box-office flop on release , it became immensely popular on television thanks to repeated showings : Stations programmed it heavily during the holidays , paying no royalties to its producers , and more than 100 distributors sold the movie on tape .
though a box-office flop on [free] , it became immensely popular on television thanks to repeated showings : stations programmed it heavily during the holidays , paying no royalties to its producers , and more than 100 distributors sold the movie on tape .

The five hijackers that commandeered an Indian Airlines jet on Friday are reportedly demanding the release of Kashmiri rebels imprisoned by India .
the five hijackers that commandeered an indian airlines jet on friday are reportedly demanding the [free] of kashmiri rebels imprisoned by india .

The LAT off-lead focuses on a detail mentioned in the other papers ' accounts : The Russian military has been dropping on southern Chechnya fuel-air bombs , which release a gas into the air that then ignites .
the lat off-lead focuses on a detail mentioned in the other papers ' accounts : the russian military has been dropping on southern chechnya fuel-air bombs , which [free] a gas into the air that then ignites .

They threatened to blow up the plane , and its remaining 161 passengers , if India does not release a number of prisoners -- including the leader of a Kashmiri separatist movement jailed in 1994 .
they threatened to blow up the plane , and its remaining 161 passengers , if india does not [free] a number of prisoners -- including the leader of a kashmiri separatist movement jailed in 1994 .

SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt has been publicly on the attack against selective disclosure for the past 18 months , and yesterday the SEC issued a remarkably measured proposal , Regulation FD , that simply stated in essence that companies would not release any `` material information '' privately .
sec chairman arthur levitt has been publicly on the attack against selective disclosure for the past 18 months , and yesterday the sec issued a remarkably measured proposal , regulation fd , that simply stated in essence that companies would not [free] any `` material information '' privately .

This sounds plausible , until you think about what the decision to release the films a day late actually means .
this sounds plausible , until you think about what the decision to [free] the films a day late actually means .

Below , some highlights as described by the Toy Manufacturers of America press release , and me .
below , some highlights as described by the toy manufacturers of america press [free] , and me .

For instance , the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights is currently looking for someone to `` assist in the reviews and analysis of numerous requests for speeches ; to develop , clear , release , and distribute a wide range of information and data concerning the nature and objective of the Commission 's programs ; [ and to ] prepare press releases , fact sheets , etc .
for instance , the u.s. commission on civil rights is currently looking for someone to `` assist in the reviews and analysis of numerous requests for speeches ; to develop , clear , [free] , and distribute a wide range of information and data concerning the nature and objective of the commission 's programs ; [ and to ] prepare press releases , fact sheets , etc .

Murray has won several critics ' awards for his performance , but now that the film is in general release ( it had a brief run in December to qualify for the Academy Awards ) , a few dissenters have surfaced , including the Wall Street Journal 's Joe Morgenstern and Slate 's David Edelstein , who says the writers `` spend a lot of time patting themselves on the back for being aggressively unconventional . ''
murray has won several critics ' awards for his performance , but now that the film is in general [free] ( it had a brief run in december to qualify for the academy awards ) , a few dissenters have surfaced , including the wall street journal 's joe morgenstern and slate 's david edelstein , who says the writers `` spend a lot of time patting themselves on the back for being aggressively unconventional . ''

If Special Prosecutor Lawrence Walsh had operated like Kenneth Starr , he would have forced Reagan , while president , to repeat or renounce under oath his public lies about Iran-Contra , such as those in his first TV address on the subject , when he declared it `` utterly false '' that arms had been shipped to Iran in exchange for the release of American hostages .
if special prosecutor lawrence walsh had operated like kenneth starr , he would have forced reagan , while president , to repeat or renounce under oath his public lies about iran-contra , such as those in his first tv address on the subject , when he declared it `` utterly false '' that arms had been shipped to iran in exchange for the [free] of american hostages .

He tightened up on the release of classified information .
he tightened up on the [free] of classified information .

Release 2.0 : A Design for Living in the Digital Age , by Esther Dyson ( Broadway Books ) .
[free] 2.0 : a design for living in the digital age , by esther dyson ( broadway books ) .

Despite the refusal of major distributors to release it as a theatrical film , Fatal Attraction Director Adriane Lyne 's adaptation of Vladimir Nabokov 's novel is deemed boring rather than shocking .
despite the refusal of major distributors to [free] it as a theatrical film , fatal attraction director adriane lyne 's adaptation of vladimir nabokov 's novel is deemed boring rather than shocking .

Sidebar : Hollywood reporters say Universal Studios is panicking over when to release Mike Nichols ' adaptation of the Clinton satire Primary Colors , currently due out in March .
sidebar : hollywood reporters say universal studios is panicking over when to [free] mike nichols ' adaptation of the clinton satire primary colors , currently due out in march .

The irony is that such laws are already in place , inspired in part by Singleton 's previous release , but they do n't cover him retroactively .
the irony is that such laws are already in place , inspired in part by singleton 's previous [free] , but they do n't cover him retroactively .

The document release was meant to prove the integrity of then-NSC-boss Anthony Lake , thereby persuading senators to confirm him as CIA director .
the document [free] was meant to prove the integrity of then-nsc-boss anthony lake , thereby persuading senators to confirm him as cia director .

In its press release , the Los Angles Critics Association notes the disturbing `` double standard the MPAA continues to maintain when it comes to sexual and violent movie content ...
in its press [free] , the los angles critics association notes the disturbing `` double standard the mpaa continues to maintain when it comes to sexual and violent movie content ...

Your writing has the power to evoke strong visual images in the mind 's eye and for that very reason I feel you should show restraint when reviewing a film early in its release .
your writing has the power to evoke strong visual images in the mind 's eye and for that very reason i feel you should show restraint when reviewing a film early in its [free] .

It 's also worth mentioning that Harvey Weinstein 's interest in funding Good Will Hunting was not spurred by his own finely tuned aesthetic sensibilities but rather by Kevin Smith , a golden boy after the profitable release of Chasing Amy , who delivered the script for Good Will Hunting to Weinstein in person and insisted that it be made .
it 's also worth mentioning that harvey weinstein 's interest in funding good will hunting was not spurred by his own finely tuned aesthetic sensibilities but rather by kevin smith , a golden boy after the profitable [free] of chasing amy , who delivered the script for good will hunting to weinstein in person and insisted that it be made .

A toxic atmosphere can result from the release of poison gas .
a toxic atmosphere can result from the [free] of poison gas .

One of them is emotional release .
one of them is emotional [free] .

Others violate them on special occasions to derive an emotional release .
others violate them on special occasions to derive an emotional [free] .

Though he has yet to visit Washington since his release from prison , he aspires to return to respectability in the city 's eyes .
though he has yet to visit washington since his [free] from prison , he aspires to return to respectability in the city 's eyes .

Everything you need to know about Larry Klayman can be gleaned from a press release he blast-faxed to the world two weeks ago .
everything you need to know about larry klayman can be gleaned from a press [free] he blast-faxed to the world two weeks ago .

A big story in the British press Friday was the release of MI5 intelligence files showing that P.G .
a big story in the british press friday was the [free] of mi5 intelligence files showing that p.g .

An increasingly desperate insomniac , Jack finds relief ( and release ) only at meetings for the terminally ill. At a testicular cancer group , he 's enfolded in the ample arms of Bob ( the singer Meat Loaf Aday ) , a former bodybuilder who ruined his health with steroids and now has `` bitch tits . ''
an increasingly desperate insomniac , jack finds relief ( and [free] ) only at meetings for the terminally ill. at a testicular cancer group , he 's enfolded in the ample arms of bob ( the singer meat loaf aday ) , a former bodybuilder who ruined his health with steroids and now has `` bitch tits . ''

A mock press release has Bush promising `` to raise the age at which minors can be tried as adults ... to age 40 . ''
a mock press [free] has bush promising `` to raise the age at which minors can be tried as adults ... to age 40 . ''

The release of the latest batch of Nixon tapes shows that death has not softened the old anti-Semite , except in the sense that he 's dead .
the [free] of the latest batch of nixon tapes shows that death has not softened the old anti-semite , except in the sense that he 's dead .

McDonald 's recently issued a press release that reads : `` WARNING , WARNING , WARNING .
mcdonald 's recently issued a press [free] that reads : `` warning , warning , warning .

In Colombia , El Tiempo said Garzón was killed because of his attempts to bring an end to the political fighting in Colombia , especially his negotiations with leftist groups , and also because of his efforts to secure the release of many kidnap victims .
in colombia , el tiempo said garzón was killed because of his attempts to bring an end to the political fighting in colombia , especially his negotiations with leftist groups , and also because of his efforts to secure the [free] of many kidnap victims .

Last Thursday , a Bauer press release castigated other candidates for refusing to litmus-test judicial nominees on `` the pro-life issue . ''
last thursday , a bauer press [free] castigated other candidates for refusing to litmus-test judicial nominees on `` the pro-life issue . ''

The word `` abortion '' did n't appear until the end of the release .
the word `` abortion '' did n't appear until the end of the [free] .

In other words , the release of the Starr report one year ago this week was , by traditional Christian standards , the big sin of Flytrap .
in other words , the [free] of the starr report one year ago this week was , by traditional christian standards , the big sin of flytrap .

Upon his release , the professor apologized for any offense he caused , reports Agence France Presse .
upon his [free] , the professor apologized for any offense he caused , reports agence france presse .

Critics from all corners rave over Disney 's first major release of the summer : `` Never has an animated feature seemed more animated by sheer kinetic joy '' ( Joe Morgenstern , the Wall Street Journal ) .
critics from all corners rave over disney 's first major [free] of the summer : `` never has an animated feature seemed more animated by sheer kinetic joy '' ( joe morgenstern , the wall street journal ) .

Any campaign can now take a press release that at one time would have gone to a few dozen political reporters and e-mail it to tens of thousands , even millions , of Internet users .
any campaign can now take a press [free] that at one time would have gone to a few dozen political reporters and e-mail it to tens of thousands , even millions , of internet users .

We 're still talking about a press release , and any reporter will tell you that the value of such releases is inversely proportional to the volume received .
we 're still talking about a press [free] , and any reporter will tell you that the value of such releases is inversely proportional to the volume received .

Kenneth Starr may release a final report criticizing the Clintons .
kenneth starr may [free] a final report criticizing the clintons .

There must be days when she yearns for the sweet release of an unnoticed bite from a rabid bat . )
there must be days when she yearns for the sweet [free] of an unnoticed bite from a rabid bat . )

Dole touted her `` victory '' on every talk show and cited the Myers and Globe quotes in a press release .
dole touted her `` victory '' on every talk show and cited the myers and globe quotes in a press [free] .

Citing executive privilege , he denied congressional Republicans ' request for records relating to last month 's release of 12 imprisoned Puerto Rican nationalists .
citing executive privilege , he denied congressional republicans ' request for records relating to last month 's [free] of 12 imprisoned puerto rican nationalists .

Then , as Staples continued to head toward them , they would panic , release their grip , and scurry apart .
then , as staples continued to head toward them , they would panic , [free] their grip , and scurry apart .

The gunmen demanded that the Myanmar military regime release its political prisoners and start a dialogue with dissident leader Aung San Suu Kyi , and that the parliament elected in 1990 be allowed to convene .
the gunmen demanded that the myanmar military regime [free] its political prisoners and start a dialogue with dissident leader aung san suu kyi , and that the parliament elected in 1990 be allowed to convene .

The saga of former Chilean President Gen. Augusto Pinochet , who has been under house arrest in London since October 1998 when a Spanish judge requested his extradition to face charges there , took still more turns this weekend when the Spanish attorney general called on Britain to release Pinochet because the procedure has taken so long that it is no longer legal .
the saga of former chilean president gen. augusto pinochet , who has been under house arrest in london since october 1998 when a spanish judge requested his extradition to face charges there , took still more turns this weekend when the spanish attorney general called on britain to [free] pinochet because the procedure has taken so long that it is no longer legal .

The Republican spin : Clemency is about security , and the prisoners ' release sends the wrong message about terrorism .
the republican spin : clemency is about security , and the prisoners ' [free] sends the wrong message about terrorism .

Newsweek press release , announcing Susan Faludi piece on Atlanta : `` Recent Shootings Were Acts of Individual Madness , but Reflect ... ''
newsweek press [free] , announcing susan faludi piece on atlanta : `` recent shootings were acts of individual madness , but reflect ... ''

Company Press Release : `` LaunchPad Technologies , an idealab !
company press [free] : `` launchpad technologies , an idealab !

Company Press Release : `` Neuron Data 'Blazes ' Its Way Into the Internet Self-Service Market .
company press [free] : `` neuron data 'blazes ' its way into the internet self-service market .

Company Press Release : `` Maxnet , Inc. 's name has been changed to MaxPlanet , Corp. MXNT has changed its name to reflect ... ''
company press [free] : `` maxnet , inc. 's name has been changed to maxplanet , corp. mxnt has changed its name to reflect ... ''

See if you can match the current release with its CAP-Alert ratings and excerpts from its review .
see if you can match the current [free] with its cap-alert ratings and excerpts from its review .

Lamar Alexander sent out a press release to announce that Joe Klein was writing an item about his campaign .
lamar alexander sent out a press [free] to announce that joe klein was writing an item about his campaign .

Two weeks ago , a DNC press release used the phrase four times in a span of 60 words .
two weeks ago , a dnc press [free] used the phrase four times in a span of 60 words .

If there 's bad news to get out , Politics 101 says release it as early as possible . ''
if there 's bad news to get out , politics 101 says [free] it as early as possible . ''

We hear Microsoft is trying to trademark it for their next Windows release ( though we 're working on that ) .
we hear microsoft is trying to trademark it for their next windows [free] ( though we 're working on that ) .

With that , Monica exultantly threw the dress down at his feet as the president groaned in ecstasy and release , leaving traces of his love on her dress , a memento of the passion they shared together ( Tripp tapes , Pages 124-192 ; Tripp testimony , Pages 36-43 ; Lewinsky I , Page 67 ) .
with that , monica exultantly threw the dress down at his feet as the president groaned in ecstasy and [free] , leaving traces of his love on her dress , a memento of the passion they shared together ( tripp tapes , pages 124-192 ; tripp testimony , pages 36-43 ; lewinsky i , page 67 ) .

Immediately following the TP 's release , reporters fingered the president 's confidant as a suspect .
immediately following the tp 's [free] , reporters fingered the president 's confidant as a suspect .

Immediately following the TP 's release , reporters fingered Lindsey as the leading suspect .
immediately following the tp 's [free] , reporters fingered lindsey as the leading suspect .

It seeks genuine direct elections after a period that is sufficient to organize alternative parties and prepare a campaign based on freedom of speech and other civil rights , the right to have free trade unions , the release of more than 200 political prisoners , debt relief , stronger penalties for corruption and pollution , no amnesty for Suharto and his fellow thieves , and a respite for the poor from the hardest edges of `` economic reform . ''
it seeks genuine direct elections after a period that is sufficient to organize alternative parties and prepare a campaign based on freedom of speech and other civil rights , the right to have free trade unions , the [free] of more than 200 political prisoners , debt relief , stronger penalties for corruption and pollution , no amnesty for suharto and his fellow thieves , and a respite for the poor from the hardest edges of `` economic reform . ''

Given infinite time , developers would prefer to add feature upon feature and never release their product .
given infinite time , developers would prefer to add feature upon feature and never [free] their product .

Upon her release from prison , she plans to kill him -- for real , this time -- since , as everyone knows , you ca n't be prosecuted twice for the same crime .
upon her [free] from prison , she plans to kill him -- for real , this time -- since , as everyone knows , you ca n't be prosecuted twice for the same crime .

In March , New York City Council Speaker Peter Vallone issued a press release urging the Justice Department to intervene because Loew 's Cineplex had just raised ticket prices in Manhattan to $ 9.50 .
in march , new york city council speaker peter vallone issued a press [free] urging the justice department to intervene because loew 's cineplex had just raised ticket prices in manhattan to $ 9.50 .

The New York Times and Washington Post lead with the release of 1998 statistics on health insurance coverage in America : 44.3 million Americans are uninsured , up 1 million from 1997 .
the new york times and washington post lead with the [free] of 1998 statistics on health insurance coverage in america : 44.3 million americans are uninsured , up 1 million from 1997 .

The National Archives ' latest release of Nixon White House tapes is , as usual , a bracing antidote to historical revisionism .
the national archives ' latest [free] of nixon white house tapes is , as usual , a bracing antidote to historical revisionism .

The theme of the latest release , according to articles in yesterday 's Washington Post and today 's New York Times , is Nixon 's anti-Semitism .
the theme of the latest [free] , according to articles in yesterday 's washington post and today 's new york times , is nixon 's anti-semitism .

A press release would do as well .
a press [free] would do as well .

Upon release , he began to scamper furiously in every direction at once .
upon [free] , he began to scamper furiously in every direction at once .

I 'll come right out and say it : I personally oppose the intentional release of radiation near human skin , unless that skin happens to belong to people I do n't personally like .
i 'll come right out and say it : i personally oppose the intentional [free] of radiation near human skin , unless that skin happens to belong to people i do n't personally like .

USA Today puts Indonesia deep inside and leads instead with Department of Justice documents made public yesterday showing that the DOJ believes the clemency release of convicted Puerto Rican terrorists last month by President Clinton increases the threat of violence posed by their separatist group , FALN .
usa today puts indonesia deep inside and leads instead with department of justice documents made public yesterday showing that the doj believes the clemency [free] of convicted puerto rican terrorists last month by president clinton increases the threat of violence posed by their separatist group , faln .

Intel delayed the release of its highest-powered Pentium processor , Coppermine , and a new chipset for memory chips because it could n't hit the production schedules its customers needed .
intel delayed the [free] of its highest-powered pentium processor , coppermine , and a new chipset for memory chips because it could n't hit the production schedules its customers needed .

Since this radiation penetrates the human body , critics theorize that cellular phones could cause physical damage to cells -- either through heating or another form of energy release .
since this radiation penetrates the human body , critics theorize that cellular phones could cause physical damage to cells -- either through heating or another form of energy [free] .

Further , there was no mention of the release of Robert `` Basher '' Bates .
further , there was no mention of the [free] of robert `` basher '' bates .

On Dec. 7 , 1995 , Secretary Shalala issued a press release stating that `` the number of abused and neglected children rose sharply from 1.4 million in 1986 to 2.9 million in 1993 . ''
on dec. 7 , 1995 , secretary shalala issued a press [free] stating that `` the number of abused and neglected children rose sharply from 1.4 million in 1986 to 2.9 million in 1993 . ''

In other words , Shalala issued her press release based on an uncompleted report .
in other words , shalala issued her press [free] based on an uncompleted report .

Decisive and perhaps radical action would be required , not the puny list of previously planned and budgeted activities that Shalala described in her press release : A demonstration program in Illinois , $ 23 million in prevention grants , $ 2.5 million to maternal and child-health programs , past initiatives to fund family preservation programs and to oppose child-welfare block grants , and an `` unprecedented '' level of technical assistance to the states ( again , though , not an increase ) .
decisive and perhaps radical action would be required , not the puny list of previously planned and budgeted activities that shalala described in her press [free] : a demonstration program in illinois , $ 23 million in prevention grants , $ 2.5 million to maternal and child-health programs , past initiatives to fund family preservation programs and to oppose child-welfare block grants , and an `` unprecedented '' level of technical assistance to the states ( again , though , not an increase ) .

Kerr claims that Lars Von Trier 's last film to reach American audiences was Zentropa , when ( as the `` Links '' section at the bottom of the article correctly notes ) Von Trier 's last film to reach these shores was The Kingdom , a film which , while made for television , was given a theatrical release in the United States .
kerr claims that lars von trier 's last film to reach american audiences was zentropa , when ( as the `` links '' section at the bottom of the article correctly notes ) von trier 's last film to reach these shores was the kingdom , a film which , while made for television , was given a theatrical [free] in the united states .

The focus of the event ( as defined by the headline of the press release ) would never be the focus of the article .
the focus of the event ( as defined by the headline of the press [free] ) would never be the focus of the article .

With the British publication last month of Orwell 's complete works , in 20 volumes , we have a more complete story of what he did , despite the fact that the Foreign Office has yet to release the actual list of names Orwell submitted .
with the british publication last month of orwell 's complete works , in 20 volumes , we have a more complete story of what he did , despite the fact that the foreign office has yet to [free] the actual list of names orwell submitted .

My review of Velvet Goldmine -- like my review of Vachon 's other recent release , Happiness -- should be read as the work of a partisan .
my review of velvet goldmine -- like my review of vachon 's other recent [free] , happiness -- should be read as the work of a partisan .

The release of Dylan 's second-rate material has only caused his fans to bay louder for third-rate Bob Dylan .
the [free] of dylan 's second-rate material has only caused his fans to bay louder for third-rate bob dylan .

Evidence that the law of diminishing returns has set in is provided by the latest archival release , the so-called 1966 `` Royal Albert Hall Concert . ''
evidence that the law of diminishing returns has set in is provided by the latest archival [free] , the so-called 1966 `` royal albert hall concert . ''

The hostility and weirdness surrounding this tour also come across in Eat the Document , a film that has been showing at the Museum of Radio and Television in New York City to coincide with the release of the record .
the hostility and weirdness surrounding this tour also come across in eat the document , a film that has been showing at the museum of radio and television in new york city to coincide with the [free] of the record .

When Lewinsky 's lawyer suggested that Starr 's agents had detained his client improperly , Starr issued an equally one-sided press release portraying the encounter as a joint shopping and dining excursion .
when lewinsky 's lawyer suggested that starr 's agents had detained his client improperly , starr issued an equally one-sided press [free] portraying the encounter as a joint shopping and dining excursion .

Critics wax poetic about the official release of the hitherto bootlegged `` Royal Albert Hall '' concert : `` [ S ] tunningly good .
critics wax poetic about the official [free] of the hitherto bootlegged `` royal albert hall '' concert : `` [ s ] tunningly good .

As for Starr , as Kendall pointed out at the hearing , the independent counsel put out a press release the day Flytrap broke declaring , `` Because of confidentiality requirements , we are unable to comment on any aspect of our work . ''
as for starr , as kendall pointed out at the hearing , the independent counsel put out a press [free] the day flytrap broke declaring , `` because of confidentiality requirements , we are unable to comment on any aspect of our work . ''

In his massive reply to Brill 's massive `` Pressgate '' article , Starr wrote that Brill was `` mistaken '' to assume that it was the `` practice '' of Starr or his office `` to release to media the contents of statements made by witnesses outside the grand jury . ''
in his massive reply to brill 's massive `` pressgate '' article , starr wrote that brill was `` mistaken '' to assume that it was the `` practice '' of starr or his office `` to [free] to media the contents of statements made by witnesses outside the grand jury . ''

He wrote , `` Let me repeat categorically : the OIC [ Office of Independent Counsel ] does not release grand jury material directly or indirectly , on the record or off the record . ''
he wrote , `` let me repeat categorically : the oic [ office of independent counsel ] does not [free] grand jury material directly or indirectly , on the record or off the record . ''

Should we snap it shut or release him ?
should we snap it shut or [free] him ?

The decision by the British High Court to order Gen. Augusto Pinochet 's release on the grounds that , as a former Chilean head of state , he enjoys immunity from arrest in Britain made the front pages of newspapers throughout Europe Thursday .
the decision by the british high court to order gen. augusto pinochet 's [free] on the grounds that , as a former chilean head of state , he enjoys immunity from arrest in britain made the front pages of newspapers throughout europe thursday .

The liberal Guardian , while reconciled to the likelihood of the general 's release , said that `` the best outcome of the past two weeks of living under arrest and uncertainty is that the general will have to ponder whether he will ever be able to travel abroad again . ''
the liberal guardian , while reconciled to the likelihood of the general 's [free] , said that `` the best outcome of the past two weeks of living under arrest and uncertainty is that the general will have to ponder whether he will ever be able to travel abroad again . ''

The pullback , which may take only a few hours , is scheduled to take place today in conjunction with the release of 250 Palestinians from Israeli prisons and the opening of the Palestinian International Airport in Gaza .
the pullback , which may take only a few hours , is scheduled to take place today in conjunction with the [free] of 250 palestinians from israeli prisons and the opening of the palestinian international airport in gaza .

In an editorial Sunday , Le Monde of Paris said that Netanyahu 's readiness to sabotage the negotiations by demanding the release of Jonathan Pollard `` augurs badly for the application '' of the Wye agreement .
in an editorial sunday , le monde of paris said that netanyahu 's readiness to sabotage the negotiations by demanding the [free] of jonathan pollard `` augurs badly for the application '' of the wye agreement .

October did choose to release The Celebration , a Danish dysfunctional family drama that treats matters of incest and perversion with a tad more taste .
october did choose to [free] the celebration , a danish dysfunctional family drama that treats matters of incest and perversion with a tad more taste .

News sources are free to release reporters from this obligation , and that is what I am asking you to do today. ``
news sources are free to [free] reporters from this obligation , and that is what i am asking you to do today. ``

Would you be willing , right here today , under oath , to tell all the reporters , producers , and editors for each of the 11 news organizations with whom you or Mr. Bennett are alleged to have spoken that you hereby release them from any promises they or people working with them made to you or to Mr. Bennett to keep any communications between them and you confidential ?
would you be willing , right here today , under oath , to tell all the reporters , producers , and editors for each of the 11 news organizations with whom you or mr. bennett are alleged to have spoken that you hereby [free] them from any promises they or people working with them made to you or to mr. bennett to keep any communications between them and you confidential ?

Will you , right here , right now , direct Mr. Bennett to release them from any such promises made to him ?
will you , right here , right now , direct mr. bennett to [free] them from any such promises made to him ?

In Israel Monday , the Jerusalem Post said that , next week , Israel will `` officially release a so-called dirty list , containing the names of more than a dozen international organizations , both public and private , which the government alleges hold information on Holocaust victims and other related activities , which they are refusing to publish . ''
in israel monday , the jerusalem post said that , next week , israel will `` officially [free] a so-called dirty list , containing the names of more than a dozen international organizations , both public and private , which the government alleges hold information on holocaust victims and other related activities , which they are refusing to publish . ''

Bobby Brown , the Israeli prime minister 's adviser on Diaspora affairs , will release the names during the State Department 's Holocaust era restitution conference starting in Washington Sunday , the paper said , adding that the list will include the Vatican , the Czech Republic , the KGB , and Britain 's MI-5 espionage service .
bobby brown , the israeli prime minister 's adviser on diaspora affairs , will [free] the names during the state department 's holocaust era restitution conference starting in washington sunday , the paper said , adding that the list will include the vatican , the czech republic , the kgb , and britain 's mi-5 espionage service .

After snagging the grand prize at Sundance and the best first film prize at Cannes , this fable of the redemptive power of poetry wins more praise in its general release .
after snagging the grand prize at sundance and the best first film prize at cannes , this fable of the redemptive power of poetry wins more praise in its general [free] .

In London , the Times led its front page with a call by Margaret Thatcher for the immediate release of Gen. Augusto Pinochet , who is under arrest in a London clinic .
in london , the times led its front page with a call by margaret thatcher for the immediate [free] of gen. augusto pinochet , who is under arrest in a london clinic .

A story in Classic CD magazine said that when the 53-year-old singer became trapped in swinging doors on the way to a concert and was advised to turn sideways to release herself , she replied , `` Honey , I ai n't got no sideways . ''
a story in classic cd magazine said that when the 53-year-old singer became trapped in swinging doors on the way to a concert and was advised to turn sideways to [free] herself , she replied , `` honey , i ai n't got no sideways . ''

While I disagreed with the House Judiciary Committee 's decision to release the president 's videotaped testimony before even asking the questions `` Will there be hearings ? ''
while i disagreed with the house judiciary committee 's decision to [free] the president 's videotaped testimony before even asking the questions `` will there be hearings ? ''

The more important concessions , however , were 1 ) Liggett 's admission that the industry had consciously marketed tobacco to minors ( which will increase congressional support for stiff regulation of the industry ) and 2 ) its release -- temporarily blocked by a North Carolina court -- of documents from strategy meetings among lawyers for the five biggest tobacco companies , which industry critics believe will prove a conspiracy of deceit .
the more important concessions , however , were 1 ) liggett 's admission that the industry had consciously marketed tobacco to minors ( which will increase congressional support for stiff regulation of the industry ) and 2 ) its [free] -- temporarily blocked by a north carolina court -- of documents from strategy meetings among lawyers for the five biggest tobacco companies , which industry critics believe will prove a conspiracy of deceit .

Authorities had to get an unprecedented court order to allow the release of his name so that they can find , warn , and test his sex partners and their subsequent sex partners , who may number in the hundreds .
authorities had to get an unprecedented court order to allow the [free] of his name so that they can find , warn , and test his sex partners and their subsequent sex partners , who may number in the hundreds .

According to various reports , Israel 1 ) infuriated Jordan by infiltrating that country and staging the attack there ; 2 ) infuriated Canada and other countries by forging Canadian passports for the Israeli agents ; 3 ) bungled the attack , leading to the agents ' arrest ; 4 ) was forced to release the founder of Hamas ( who was serving a life sentence ) and other Hamas prisoners from Israeli jails and to supply an antidote for the lethal nerve toxin used in the attack , in order to assuage Jordan 's anger ; and 5 ) aroused such fury at Israel and sympathy for Hamas that Yasser Arafat reportedly will have to release the Hamas prisoners he has rounded up and reopen Hamas institutions .
according to various reports , israel 1 ) infuriated jordan by infiltrating that country and staging the attack there ; 2 ) infuriated canada and other countries by forging canadian passports for the israeli agents ; 3 ) bungled the attack , leading to the agents ' arrest ; 4 ) was forced to [free] the founder of hamas ( who was serving a life sentence ) and other hamas prisoners from israeli jails and to supply an antidote for the lethal nerve toxin used in the attack , in order to assuage jordan 's anger ; and 5 ) aroused such fury at israel and sympathy for hamas that yasser arafat reportedly will have to [free] the hamas prisoners he has rounded up and reopen hamas institutions .

If Clinton wavers on Social Security reform -- well , we can always release a few of Linda Tripp 's tapes !
if clinton wavers on social security reform -- well , we can always [free] a few of linda tripp 's tapes !

Today , two days after the release of the UCLA and Berkeley numbers , the university president 's office released the figures for the entire UC system .
today , two days after the [free] of the ucla and berkeley numbers , the university president 's office released the figures for the entire uc system .

Why release the `` bad news '' first , then let the `` good '' news out two days later when it is sure to be buried under the wall-to-wall Paula-Jones-dismissal coverage ?
why [free] the `` bad news '' first , then let the `` good '' news out two days later when it is sure to be buried under the wall-to-wall paula-jones-dismissal coverage ?

He says the release of admissions data has always been left up to the individual campuses , and it simply took a couple of days to calculate the overall university-wide figures once the UCLA and Berkeley numbers became available .
he says the [free] of admissions data has always been left up to the individual campuses , and it simply took a couple of days to calculate the overall university-wide figures once the ucla and berkeley numbers became available .

Some readers wondered why Chatterbox made such a big deal about the delayed release of the UC systemwide figures , since the figures for each of the eight individual UC campuses were available earlier , and indeed were printed on the back page of the New York Times in a chart accompanying the April 1 story about the grim Berkeley and UCLA results .
some readers wondered why chatterbox made such a big deal about the delayed [free] of the uc systemwide figures , since the figures for each of the eight individual uc campuses were available earlier , and indeed were printed on the back page of the new york times in a chart accompanying the april 1 story about the grim berkeley and ucla results .

What possessed them to release their 700-page trove of anti-Clinton documents on a Friday ?
what possessed them to [free] their 700-page trove of anti-clinton documents on a friday ?

Does n't every sentient American know by now that Friday is when you release news you want to bury , because Friday news gets reported in the little-read Saturday papers ?
does n't every sentient american know by now that friday is when you [free] news you want to bury , because friday news gets reported in the little-read saturday papers ?

All three papers praise Madeleine Albright 's shuttle diplomacy : Albright is given credit for salvaging the agreement , which hit a snag on Thursday after Israel refused to release an extra 50 prisoners as part of the deal .
all three papers praise madeleine albright 's shuttle diplomacy : albright is given credit for salvaging the agreement , which hit a snag on thursday after israel refused to [free] an extra 50 prisoners as part of the deal .

Only the WP fronts the story , although it runs it below a piece about a pro-Israel group 's offer of support for Hillary Clinton 's Senate bid if she 'll lobby her husband to release convicted spy Jonathan Pollard .
only the wp fronts the story , although it runs it below a piece about a pro-israel group 's offer of support for hillary clinton 's senate bid if she 'll lobby her husband to [free] convicted spy jonathan pollard .

The multiple AIDS stories are prompted by the government 's release of new numbers at a national HIV conference in Atlanta .
the multiple aids stories are prompted by the government 's [free] of new numbers at a national hiv conference in atlanta .

The new agreement also addresses a water dispute and calls for Israel to release 350 Palestinian refugees .
the new agreement also addresses a water dispute and calls for israel to [free] 350 palestinian refugees .

The 3 inch long , daddy-longlegs-shaped robots use efficient motors to crawl into enemy territory and spy , or perhaps release lethal toxins .
the 3 inch long , daddy-longlegs-shaped robots use efficient motors to crawl into enemy territory and spy , or perhaps [free] lethal toxins .

The simultaneous release of albums from '60s rock stars occasions studies in contrast .
the simultaneous [free] of albums from '60s rock stars occasions studies in contrast .

An appreciation of Norman Mailer -- pegged to the release of The Time of Our Time , a 1,300 page Mailer anthology -- calls him the `` most lavishly gifted of American postwar writers . ''
an appreciation of norman mailer -- pegged to the [free] of the time of our time , a 1,300 page mailer anthology -- calls him the `` most lavishly gifted of american postwar writers . ''

Time 's excuse to put John Travolta on the cover : the release of the movie Primary Colors .
time 's excuse to put john travolta on the cover : the [free] of the movie primary colors .

Time 's cover story is pegged to the release of testimony in the Paula Jones case .
time 's cover story is pegged to the [free] of testimony in the paula jones case .

As invariably occurs upon the release of a new Spielberg blockbuster , critics complain about the lack of plot and the unconvincing characters ; audiences shell out a record-setting amount of money on opening weekend ( in this case , $ 92.7 million ) .
as invariably occurs upon the [free] of a new spielberg blockbuster , critics complain about the lack of plot and the unconvincing characters ; audiences shell out a record-setting amount of money on opening weekend ( in this case , $ 92.7 million ) .

Newsweek 's cover package , pegged to the release of Steven Spielberg 's film Amistad , assesses the legacy of slavery .
newsweek 's cover package , pegged to the [free] of steven spielberg 's film amistad , assesses the legacy of slavery .

Later this fall , Esquire writer Bill Zehme will release The Way You Wear Your Hat : Frank Sinatra and the Lost Art of Livin ' ( his apostrophe ) , a 245-page guide to Frankness .
later this fall , esquire writer bill zehme will [free] the way you wear your hat : frank sinatra and the lost art of livin ' ( his apostrophe ) , a 245-page guide to frankness .

The film 's conceit ( always a good word to use around Eszterhas ) is that a director steals his own terrible movie to prevent its release .
the film 's conceit ( always a good word to use around eszterhas ) is that a director steals his own terrible movie to prevent its [free] .

In the publicity leading up to the release of Showgirls , Eszterhas gave interview after interview about the importance of the movie , of its deep moral message , its serious purpose .
in the publicity leading up to the [free] of showgirls , eszterhas gave interview after interview about the importance of the movie , of its deep moral message , its serious purpose .

Book clubs met and raved , and timorous , tingling questions ( `` How deep did you have to reach to release those wonderful twins ? '' )
book clubs met and raved , and timorous , tingling questions ( `` how deep did you have to reach to [free] those wonderful twins ? '' )

The release of the movie Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas and its attendant publicity have revealed what may be a surprising fact to some Americans : Hunter S. Thompson is alive .
the [free] of the movie fear and loathing in las vegas and its attendant publicity have revealed what may be a surprising fact to some americans : hunter s. thompson is alive .

He pressured Soviet leaders to release Jewish dissidents .
he pressured soviet leaders to [free] jewish dissidents .

Of course it wrote a suck-up about Michael Jordan during the NBA playoffs , a suck-up about Robert Redford for the release of The Horse Whisperer , a suck-up about Warren Beatty for Bulworth .
of course it wrote a suck-up about michael jordan during the nba playoffs , a suck-up about robert redford for the [free] of the horse whisperer , a suck-up about warren beatty for bulworth .

Last week 's release of the group 's new CD , Spiceworld , was the biggest album launch in British history ( though sales were not as brisk as expected ) .
last week 's [free] of the group 's new cd , spiceworld , was the biggest album launch in british history ( though sales were not as brisk as expected ) .

Under Clinton 's privacy rules any patient will have unrestricted access to his own medical record and will have to approve of their release for purposes not related to treatment or billing .
under clinton 's privacy rules any patient will have unrestricted access to his own medical record and will have to approve of their [free] for purposes not related to treatment or billing .

Doctors will be required to hire a privacy `` point person , '' says the LAT , who will be trained to edit records for release ; currently , when an employer inquires about a job-related injury , for example , he is usually given the employee 's entire record .
doctors will be required to hire a privacy `` point person , '' says the lat , who will be trained to edit records for [free] ; currently , when an employer inquires about a job-related injury , for example , he is usually given the employee 's entire record .

Post columnist Richard Cohen predicts the release of Al Gore , Version 2.0 : Alpha Male .
post columnist richard cohen predicts the [free] of al gore , version 2.0 : alpha male .

New quarters , with George Washington on the front and a state design on the back , are being released every 10 weeks in the order that the states ratified the Constitution ( click here for the release dates ) .
new quarters , with george washington on the front and a state design on the back , are being released every 10 weeks in the order that the states ratified the constitution ( click here for the [free] dates ) .

They have been profiteering off the film since its release ( one resident sold the rocks from her backyard for $ 5 each ) .
they have been profiteering off the film since its [free] ( one resident sold the rocks from her backyard for $ 5 each ) .

Typically , a book 's scheduled release date changes multiple times before publication .
typically , a book 's scheduled [free] date changes multiple times before publication .

The Los Angeles Times chronicles the Labor Department 's release of October job statistics , which show that unemployment has dipped to its lowest point in three decades .
the los angeles times chronicles the labor department 's [free] of october job statistics , which show that unemployment has dipped to its lowest point in three decades .

USA Today leads with the release of EgyptAir 990 's data-recorder information , which shows that the plane began its descent under apparent pilot control .
usa today leads with the [free] of egyptair 990 's data-recorder information , which shows that the plane began its descent under apparent pilot control .

Forbes starts with terrifying indoor fireworks and a release of hundreds of balloons .
forbes starts with terrifying indoor fireworks and a [free] of hundreds of balloons .

Lesson : Next time , release balloons at the end .
lesson : next time , [free] balloons at the end .

You got ta wonder if the PR firm that wrote the press release touting Athlon was n't tempted to add : 'No , really .
you got ta wonder if the pr firm that wrote the press [free] touting athlon was n't tempted to add : 'no , really .

Israel agreed to release the document to a German research institution for publication .
israel agreed to [free] the document to a german research institution for publication .

Is it coincidence that the German newspaper Die Welt released the shorter 127-page memoir just days after Israel announced plans to release the longer version ?
is it coincidence that the german newspaper die welt released the shorter 127-page memoir just days after israel announced plans to [free] the longer version ?

The editors at Die Welt surely knew their document would be worthless if released after the Israeli document , and it 's reasonable to assume they sped up their editorial process to scoop Israel 's release .
the editors at die welt surely knew their document would be worthless if released after the israeli document , and it 's reasonable to assume they sped up their editorial process to scoop israel 's [free] .

Look Who 's Talking screenwriter/director Amy Heckerling was accused of stealing whole passages of dialogue from a screenplay shown to her three years before her film 's release .
look who 's talking screenwriter/director amy heckerling was accused of stealing whole passages of dialogue from a screenplay shown to her three years before her film 's [free] .

Celebrating the release in France of his Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil , Libération devoted no less than its first four pages to him Wednesday , while Le Monde ran an article and an interview the next day headlined `` Clint Eastwood , Free Man . ''
celebrating the [free] in france of his midnight in the garden of good and evil , libération devoted no less than its first four pages to him wednesday , while le monde ran an article and an interview the next day headlined `` clint eastwood , free man . ''

The South China Morning Post of Hong Kong said , in contrast to reports elsewhere that the United States had already rejected the South Korean government 's request for an early release of some of its expected international bailout funds , that President Clinton had told President Kim Young Sam that he personally supported the request because he believed that South Korea was abiding by the demands for government-spending cuts and other financial reforms made by the International Monetary Fund .
the south china morning post of hong kong said , in contrast to reports elsewhere that the united states had already rejected the south korean government 's request for an early [free] of some of its expected international bailout funds , that president clinton had told president kim young sam that he personally supported the request because he believed that south korea was abiding by the demands for government-spending cuts and other financial reforms made by the international monetary fund .

European Union diplomats , similarly , were `` put out '' by the fact that the U.S. Embassy refused to brief them on the visit while the president was in Beijing and chose instead to send a standard press release to Britain in its then capacity as president of the EU .
european union diplomats , similarly , were `` put out '' by the fact that the u.s. embassy refused to brief them on the visit while the president was in beijing and chose instead to send a standard press [free] to britain in its then capacity as president of the eu .

The main editorial in Ha'aretz concerned an international campaign to obtain the early release of Israel 's Mordechai Vanunu , who was kidnapped by Mossad in Italy 12 years ago , taken back to Israel , and given an 18-year prison sentence for having revealed his country 's nuclear secrets .
the main editorial in ha'aretz concerned an international campaign to obtain the early [free] of israel 's mordechai vanunu , who was kidnapped by mossad in italy 12 years ago , taken back to israel , and given an 18-year prison sentence for having revealed his country 's nuclear secrets .

A more recent press release from the INS suggests that the agency has made a `` dramatic turnaround '' as a result of new policies initiated last June .
a more recent press [free] from the ins suggests that the agency has made a `` dramatic turnaround '' as a result of new policies initiated last june .

In Nigeria , where President Gen. Sani Abacha died Monday , the independent , pro-democracy Post Express called on the new military leadership to release political detainees and establish a `` Government of National Unity '' as first steps toward re-establishing a civilian democracy .
in nigeria , where president gen. sani abacha died monday , the independent , pro-democracy post express called on the new military leadership to [free] political detainees and establish a `` government of national unity '' as first steps toward re-establishing a civilian democracy .

The cost is often high : Delayed release by authorities means the bodies are decomposed and require `` extra burial materials . ''
the cost is often high : delayed [free] by authorities means the bodies are decomposed and require `` extra burial materials . ''

It criticized the Japanese government for its slow response and its delayed release of information to the Japanese people .
it criticized the japanese government for its slow response and its delayed [free] of information to the japanese people .

The Post notes that the victory celebrations were particularly joyous in the city of Kwangju , where in 1980 , the government suppressed pro-democracy demonstrations , killing hundreds , and blamed the episode on Kim , who was sentenced to death ( he was eventually given a medical release to the U.S. ) .
the post notes that the victory celebrations were particularly joyous in the city of kwangju , where in 1980 , the government suppressed pro-democracy demonstrations , killing hundreds , and blamed the episode on kim , who was sentenced to death ( he was eventually given a medical [free] to the u.s. ) .

The International Nanny Association , says the Times , issued a press release recently with the headline : `` Journalists Make Horrendous Mistake .
the international nanny association , says the times , issued a press [free] recently with the headline : `` journalists make horrendous mistake .

USA Today leads with the news that a special civilian commission appointed by the DOD will release a report today reversing more than a decade of Pentagon gender-integration policies by concluding that men and women should go through basic training separately .
usa today leads with the news that a special civilian commission appointed by the dod will [free] a report today reversing more than a decade of pentagon gender-integration policies by concluding that men and women should go through basic training separately .

The release of official Army studies revealing widespread sexual harassment in the service leads at the New York Times .
the [free] of official army studies revealing widespread sexual harassment in the service leads at the new york times .

The NYT presses the questionable timing of the videos ' release a bit more than the other papers , pointing out that the Senate investigations committee was notified about them on Thursday and that White House officials met with committee staffers on Friday .
the nyt presses the questionable timing of the videos ' [free] a bit more than the other papers , pointing out that the senate investigations committee was notified about them on thursday and that white house officials met with committee staffers on friday .

It 's the Post that has a named Israeli source saying it was Netanyahu himself who directed the assassination plan , and that makes it clear the U.S. was deeply involved in the post-botch negotiations resulting in Israel 's surrendering of the antidote to the poison they used in the mission and in the release from prison of the spiritual head of Hamas .
it 's the post that has a named israeli source saying it was netanyahu himself who directed the assassination plan , and that makes it clear the u.s. was deeply involved in the post-botch negotiations resulting in israel 's surrendering of the antidote to the poison they used in the mission and in the [free] from prison of the spiritual head of hamas .

The WP says that the White House is trying to neutralize the coffee videos by getting the release of a 1996 ABC News tape in which candidate Bob Dole admits that the RNC was financing ads that were helping his campaign .
the wp says that the white house is trying to neutralize the coffee videos by getting the [free] of a 1996 abc news tape in which candidate bob dole admits that the rnc was financing ads that were helping his campaign .

The WP summarizes the rally 's agenda : investigation of the CIA 's role in `` allowing black communities to be flooded with crack cocaine , '' programs to help women prisoners make the transition back to society , the establishment of black independent schools , and the release of political prisoners .
the wp summarizes the rally 's agenda : investigation of the cia 's role in `` allowing black communities to be flooded with crack cocaine , '' programs to help women prisoners make the transition back to society , the establishment of black independent schools , and the [free] of political prisoners .

The WP has an intriguing detail about the release of Wei Jingshang : namely that China signaled the U.S. last month that he would be allowed to leave the country if Jiang Zemin 's visit here went well .
the wp has an intriguing detail about the [free] of wei jingshang : namely that china signaled the u.s. last month that he would be allowed to leave the country if jiang zemin 's visit here went well .

Earthquakes are caused by the sudden release of pressure that has built up between two tectonic plates .
earthquakes are caused by the sudden [free] of pressure that has built up between two tectonic plates .

The NYT fronts the revelation that the FBI `` unequivocally opposed '' the president 's recent release of Puerto Rican criminals .
the nyt fronts the revelation that the fbi `` unequivocally opposed '' the president 's recent [free] of puerto rican criminals .

Disney CEO Michael Eisner was there , and tennis player Martina Navratilova and hockey player Wayne Gretzky and basketball player Bill Russell -- though Culturebox only learned of their attendance from the press release she picked up as she left .
disney ceo michael eisner was there , and tennis player martina navratilova and hockey player wayne gretzky and basketball player bill russell -- though culturebox only learned of their attendance from the press [free] she picked up as she left .

Whereas USAT says Clinton refused to hand over documents , and the Post says it 's saying no to witnesses too , the Times says the White House will release some clemency documents it feels are not covered by executive privilege and will allow three administration officials to appear at congressional hearings .
whereas usat says clinton refused to hand over documents , and the post says it 's saying no to witnesses too , the times says the white house will [free] some clemency documents it feels are not covered by executive privilege and will allow three administration officials to appear at congressional hearings .

Gardiner 's conducting is so good ( his Beethoven Symphony cycle is , to my ears , the one to own , and his Mozart and Handel performances are exemplary ) ; Levin 's playing is so dexterous , intelligent , and ardent ; and the recording is so technically splendid ( there are felicities of scoring , such as a solo cello line in the first movement I 'd never noticed before ) that , whatever its peculiarities , this release at least qualifies as best of breed .
gardiner 's conducting is so good ( his beethoven symphony cycle is , to my ears , the one to own , and his mozart and handel performances are exemplary ) ; levin 's playing is so dexterous , intelligent , and ardent ; and the recording is so technically splendid ( there are felicities of scoring , such as a solo cello line in the first movement i 'd never noticed before ) that , whatever its peculiarities , this [free] at least qualifies as best of breed .

At one point in his account of the Mississippi Freedom Summer voter-registration drive , Branch describes the release from a Greenwood jail of 111 protesters on the same day King arrived in town .
at one point in his account of the mississippi freedom summer voter-registration drive , branch describes the [free] from a greenwood jail of 111 protesters on the same day king arrived in town .

Such an epic saga of political activism may have been what Thom meant to write , but soon enough she settles down into the blander form of the press release .
such an epic saga of political activism may have been what thom meant to write , but soon enough she settles down into the blander form of the press [free] .

Her newsletter , Release 1.0 , may well be the single most indispensable publication in all of technologydom , full of insightful analysis and trend-spotting in the best sense of the word .
her newsletter , [free] 1.0 , may well be the single most indispensable publication in all of technologydom , full of insightful analysis and trend-spotting in the best sense of the word .

Her profile is high enough that the publisher felt justified in putting her face on the cover of her new book , which is titled Release 2.0 .
her profile is high enough that the publisher felt justified in putting her face on the cover of her new book , which is titled [free] 2.0 .

Rather , he argues , Madison Avenue was sincere in its `` cosmic optimism '' about youth culture : Marketers did n't want to contain countercultural energies so much as to release them into the world at large .
rather , he argues , madison avenue was sincere in its `` cosmic optimism '' about youth culture : marketers did n't want to contain countercultural energies so much as to [free] them into the world at large .

For Toru , who is drawn back to it repeatedly , it is simultaneously prison and release .
for toru , who is drawn back to it repeatedly , it is simultaneously prison and [free] .

He plans to release the first titles in two years .
he plans to [free] the first titles in two years .

Is ABC 's rejection of Shoes ironic given that Ellen 's release from the closet is likely to raise the network 's ratings in the crucial May sweeps ?
is abc 's rejection of shoes ironic given that ellen 's [free] from the closet is likely to raise the network 's ratings in the crucial may sweeps ?

In its own press release , given to the Baltimore Sun and posted on the organization 's Web site , Public Agenda charged that PROMO 's report `` while using data that are technically correct , distorts Public Agenda 's findings by presenting them in a biased context and tone . ''
in its own press [free] , given to the baltimore sun and posted on the organization 's web site , public agenda charged that promo 's report `` while using data that are technically correct , distorts public agenda 's findings by presenting them in a biased context and tone . ''

This year marks the centennial of William Faulkner 's birth and the Web release of some of his lost hack work .
this year marks the centennial of william faulkner 's birth and the web [free] of some of his lost hack work .

After four students complained to the administration about her behavior in the classroom last spring , Sandra Flitterman-Lewis was asked to sign a release form requiring her to be medically examined before teaching again this fall .
after four students complained to the administration about her behavior in the classroom last spring , sandra flitterman-lewis was asked to sign a [free] form requiring her to be medically examined before teaching again this fall .

George Will ( ABC 's This Week ) and Charles Krauthammer ( Inside Washington ) share outrage over the White House 's eagerness to release Willey-related correspondence while failing to answer scores of Lewinsky-related queries ( remember her ? ) .
george will ( abc 's this week ) and charles krauthammer ( inside washington ) share outrage over the white house 's eagerness to [free] willey-related correspondence while failing to answer scores of lewinsky-related queries ( remember her ? ) .

Clift contends that there has been no character assassination by the White House , only the release of facts .
clift contends that there has been no character assassination by the white house , only the [free] of facts .

Chatter about the indictment of Webster Hubbell and the release of his taped prison phone calls captures Issue 2 .
chatter about the indictment of webster hubbell and the [free] of his taped prison phone calls captures issue 2 .

It was the era when the Bee Gees could release a record in a red velvet jacket .
it was the era when the bee gees could [free] a record in a red velvet jacket .

The most troubling character of all , however , is the mother , Annie , played by Catherine Hicks with a not-quite-comic tension that never seems to achieve release .
the most troubling character of all , however , is the mother , annie , played by catherine hicks with a not-quite-comic tension that never seems to achieve [free] .

Thomas Nelson Publishers , Nashville , Tenn. , has announced the March release of a book with the working title The Death of Innocence .
thomas nelson publishers , nashville , tenn. , has announced the march [free] of a book with the working title the death of innocence .

In a press release , Sun Microsystems argued , `` Microsoft should be prohibited from buying the distribution channels of the future ( e.g. , cable and wireless ) and from buying rather than inventing technologies '' -- a constraint designed to handcuff Microsoft in a high-tech economy driven by timely acquisitions .
in a press [free] , sun microsystems argued , `` microsoft should be prohibited from buying the distribution channels of the future ( e.g. , cable and wireless ) and from buying rather than inventing technologies '' -- a constraint designed to handcuff microsoft in a high-tech economy driven by timely acquisitions .

The Republican National Committee has issued a press release playing up the `` shadow slut '' quote and suggesting that Gore should `` run like crazy '' from Wolf because he 's `` married . ''
the republican national committee has issued a press [free] playing up the `` shadow slut '' quote and suggesting that gore should `` run like crazy '' from wolf because he 's `` married . ''

The RNC headlines a news release , `` Al Gore & the Big Bad Wolf . ''
the rnc headlines a news [free] , `` al gore & the big bad wolf . ''

Catholics are protesting the release of Dogma .
catholics are protesting the [free] of dogma .

The NYT front reports on the court-ordered release yesterday of more than 124,000 pages of previously secret files from a Mississippi state agency that used spy tactics , intimidation , false imprisonment , jury tampering and other illegal methods to fight civil rights activities in the state .
the nyt front reports on the court-ordered [free] yesterday of more than 124,000 pages of previously secret files from a mississippi state agency that used spy tactics , intimidation , false imprisonment , jury tampering and other illegal methods to fight civil rights activities in the state .

Everybody 's front runs the news that Microsoft yesterday made a surprise last-minute move to avoid antitrust lawsuits by agreeing to delay its release of Windows 98 while it enters settlement talks with the government .
everybody 's front runs the news that microsoft yesterday made a surprise last-minute move to avoid antitrust lawsuits by agreeing to delay its [free] of windows 98 while it enters settlement talks with the government .

A Clinton White House executive order from a few years back requires the CIA and other government agencies to release every classified document in the archives that 's more than 25 years-old .
a clinton white house executive order from a few years back requires the cia and other government agencies to [free] every classified document in the archives that 's more than 25 years-old .

Regarding the release of admiring letters she had written to Clinton after their disputed Oval Office meeting , he is quoted saying , `` We do n't pretend we can compete with the White House spin machine . ''
regarding the [free] of admiring letters she had written to clinton after their disputed oval office meeting , he is quoted saying , `` we do n't pretend we can compete with the white house spin machine . ''

A similar ratcheting up is afoot in the Microsoft wars , with , the NYT front reports , thirteen states planning a joint antitrust action , separate from the pending federal case against the company , to block the release of Windows 98 .
a similar ratcheting up is afoot in the microsoft wars , with , the nyt front reports , thirteen states planning a joint antitrust action , separate from the pending federal case against the company , to block the [free] of windows 98 .

The WP and NYT go top-front with Rep. Dan Burton 's apology to fellow Republicans for the uproar caused by his selective release of Web Hubbell tapes .
the wp and nyt go top-front with rep. dan burton 's apology to fellow republicans for the uproar caused by his selective [free] of web hubbell tapes .

The Washington Post leads with Democrats ' harsh criticism of Rep. Dan Burton for his release of the Web Hubbell prison tapes .
the washington post leads with democrats ' harsh criticism of rep. dan burton for his [free] of the web hubbell prison tapes .

The Times does add something incendiary to the China pile : The DOJ blocked the release of a classified Pentagon report holding that the satellite help China received under Clinton harmed U.S. national security , by upgrading Chinese missile capabilities .
the times does add something incendiary to the china pile : the doj blocked the [free] of a classified pentagon report holding that the satellite help china received under clinton harmed u.s. national security , by upgrading chinese missile capabilities .

The story goes on to note that Burton is planning to release tapes made by authorities of Webster Hubbell 's phone calls from prison .
the story goes on to note that burton is planning to [free] tapes made by authorities of webster hubbell 's phone calls from prison .

It would be far better to interview an actual person instead , if only because you ca n't ask a press release follow-up questions .
it would be far better to interview an actual person instead , if only because you ca n't ask a press [free] follow-up questions .

The country 's justice minister said that the release of other political prisoners will follow soon .
the country 's justice minister said that the [free] of other political prisoners will follow soon .

The WP and LAT note that Habibie 's pronouncements came just one day before the International Monetary Fund is due to begin negotiating terms for release of the latest installment of a stalled $ 43 billion bailout package .
the wp and lat note that habibie 's pronouncements came just one day before the international monetary fund is due to begin negotiating terms for [free] of the latest installment of a stalled $ 43 billion bailout package .

The Times says this meeting was confirmed by a White House aide , while the Post says the White House declined to comment about it and has refused to release the relevant entry logs .
the times says this meeting was confirmed by a white house aide , while the post says the white house declined to comment about it and has refused to [free] the relevant entry logs .

Dissident Wang , a leader of the 1989 pro-democracy demonstrations in Tiananmen Square crushed by Chinese Army tanks , landed in Detroit yesterday after his release from a Chinese jail .
dissident wang , a leader of the 1989 pro-democracy demonstrations in tiananmen square crushed by chinese army tanks , landed in detroit yesterday after his [free] from a chinese jail .

The WP says Wang 's release was part of a `` reported deal '' between Beijing and Washington that clears the way for President Clinton 's visit to China in June .
the wp says wang 's [free] was part of a `` reported deal '' between beijing and washington that clears the way for president clinton 's visit to china in june .

The LAT is more definite , saying the release was `` one of the last steps in an extensive package deal secretly negotiated earlier this year '' during a `` clandestine mission to Beijing on the weekend of March 7-8 by three Clinton administration officials . ''
the lat is more definite , saying the [free] was `` one of the last steps in an extensive package deal secretly negotiated earlier this year '' during a `` clandestine mission to beijing on the weekend of march 7-8 by three clinton administration officials . ''

Yesterday 's White House response to Willey was primarily two-fold : a strong denial from President Clinton , and the release of a raft of friendly letters Willey sent to the White House after the date she alleges she was groped by Clinton .
yesterday 's white house response to willey was primarily two-fold : a strong denial from president clinton , and the [free] of a raft of friendly letters willey sent to the white house after the date she alleges she was groped by clinton .

Its chief failing , however , is that it allows you to easily pull the spout lever and release a plume of steam -- aimed directly at your fingers .
its chief failing , however , is that it allows you to easily pull the spout lever and [free] a plume of steam -- aimed directly at your fingers .

For starters , Hoodlum elevates Johnson 's importance at the expense of Stephanie St. Clair , a k a Madame Queen ( Cicely Tyson ) , an immigrant from Martinique who became a numbers millionaire , and for whom Johnson went to work after his release from jail .
for starters , hoodlum elevates johnson 's importance at the expense of stephanie st. clair , a k a madame queen ( cicely tyson ) , an immigrant from martinique who became a numbers millionaire , and for whom johnson went to work after his [free] from jail .

Mr. B , for his part , says he `` loves a good fight '' and predicts `` Armageddon , '' since his upcoming product release will `` nuke 'em till they glow . ''
mr. b , for his part , says he `` loves a good fight '' and predicts `` armageddon , '' since his upcoming product [free] will `` nuke 'em till they glow . ''

The Washington Post leads with the imminent release of the largest Pentagon study ever of racial attitudes within the uniformed military .
the washington post leads with the imminent [free] of the largest pentagon study ever of racial attitudes within the uniformed military .

The paper quotes one defense official as saying the study was actually concluded two years ago , but release was delayed while the brass debated how to portray the results .
the paper quotes one defense official as saying the study was actually concluded two years ago , but [free] was delayed while the brass debated how to portray the results .

I do n't know if this could have been a big studio picture in wide release unless he got financing from someone like Joel Silver .
i do n't know if this could have been a big studio picture in wide [free] unless he got financing from someone like joel silver .

How do the two papers get different results off the very same press release ?
how do the two papers get different results off the very same press [free] ?

Clannishly , Begley offers Schmidt sexual release .
clannishly , begley offers schmidt sexual [free] .

Then Schmidt retreats from us , lost in a cloth that Begley throws over him , and what began as a sharp examination of public restraint and private release dwindles into a self-pity which seems not merely Schmidt 's , but Begley 's .
then schmidt retreats from us , lost in a cloth that begley throws over him , and what began as a sharp examination of public restraint and private [free] dwindles into a self-pity which seems not merely schmidt 's , but begley 's .

It does n't help that her prose races along like a press release from Utopia .
it does n't help that her prose races along like a press [free] from utopia .

With details like that , García Márquez 's narrative of the kidnapping , the sequestering of the victims in their different safe houses , the efforts by the husband of one of the victims to get the president of Colombia sympathetically involved , the drawn-out negotiations , the months of incarceration , a killing , then another , the intervention of a half-mad television priest , the release of the survivors and , at last , the surrender of Escobar himself -- this tale , like a tropical downpour , conjures up a brilliant leafy-green Latin Americanness .
with details like that , garcía márquez 's narrative of the kidnapping , the sequestering of the victims in their different safe houses , the efforts by the husband of one of the victims to get the president of colombia sympathetically involved , the drawn-out negotiations , the months of incarceration , a killing , then another , the intervention of a half-mad television priest , the [free] of the survivors and , at last , the surrender of escobar himself -- this tale , like a tropical downpour , conjures up a brilliant leafy-green latin americanness .

It is no criticism of Solomon 's lively and fascinating book that she has not sought to explain how an array of the most ordinary objects -- a cordial glass , a bubble pipe , an egg , some glass disks , a map -- should release powers of evocation in one another and quiver into an image that overcomes the personal and the biographical to attain universality , profundity , beauty , and truth .
it is no criticism of solomon 's lively and fascinating book that she has not sought to explain how an array of the most ordinary objects -- a cordial glass , a bubble pipe , an egg , some glass disks , a map -- should [free] powers of evocation in one another and quiver into an image that overcomes the personal and the biographical to attain universality , profundity , beauty , and truth .

Thus he is right on to say that there are two ways in which to reduce the theft of car radios ( Page 90 ) , one of them is to increase the punishment for theft , and the other is to render them useless once they are taken out of the car by someone who does not know the code ( old-fashioned sense ) for their release .
thus he is right on to say that there are two ways in which to reduce the theft of car radios ( page 90 ) , one of them is to increase the punishment for theft , and the other is to render them useless once they are taken out of the car by someone who does not know the code ( old-fashioned sense ) for their [free] .

Somebody has tried to extort $ 100,000 from online music retailer CD Universe by threatening to release some of the company 's more than 300,000 customer credit-card files .
somebody has tried to extort $ 100,000 from online music retailer cd universe by threatening to [free] some of the company 's more than 300,000 customer credit-card files .

However , the press release announcing the AOL-Time Warner merger says that Case will play `` an active role '' in leading the company and that Levin will work `` closely with Mr. Case '' in setting its strategy .
however , the press [free] announcing the aol-time warner merger says that case will play `` an active role '' in leading the company and that levin will work `` closely with mr. case '' in setting its strategy .

Truth be told , the anti-conglomerate conglomerate seems less vexed by conglomerate meddling in journalism -- the Los Angeles Times ' Staples Center scandal , Time 's decision to put Pokémon ( a Warner Bros. release ) on its cover , and Rupert Murdoch 's capitulation to the Chinese , who wanted the BBC off his satellite -- than by the ultra-evil the media conglomerates might do in the future .
truth be told , the anti-conglomerate conglomerate seems less vexed by conglomerate meddling in journalism -- the los angeles times ' staples center scandal , time 's decision to put pokémon ( a warner bros. [free] ) on its cover , and rupert murdoch 's capitulation to the chinese , who wanted the bbc off his satellite -- than by the ultra-evil the media conglomerates might do in the future .

Not even a cover rave in Time for Eyes Wide Shut -- a Warner Bros. release -- could turn that plodding movie into a hit .
not even a cover rave in time for eyes wide shut -- a warner bros. [free] -- could turn that plodding movie into a hit .

Today , we are asking the federal government to release all correspondence that I 've had with every government agency .
today , we are asking the federal government to [free] all correspondence that i 've had with every government agency .

There 's also the fact the industry has developed a code that you ca n't release anything short on special effects in the summertime , so adults and movies that appeal to them are n't welcome in the plexes until at least October .
there 's also the fact the industry has developed a code that you ca n't [free] anything short on special effects in the summertime , so adults and movies that appeal to them are n't welcome in the plexes until at least october .

After all , it did n't just put together a bunch of photographs ; it also hired Ken Shulman ( `` a free-lance journalist who works for Newsweek , '' according to the Web press release ) to conduct interviews with the inmates .
after all , it did n't just put together a bunch of photographs ; it also hired ken shulman ( `` a free-lance journalist who works for newsweek , '' according to the web press [free] ) to conduct interviews with the inmates .

The NYT and the Post front John McCain 's release of more than 500 letters that he sent to federal agencies under the jurisdiction of a committee he chairs .
the nyt and the post front john mccain 's [free] of more than 500 letters that he sent to federal agencies under the jurisdiction of a committee he chairs .

You know the drill : The studios release their Oscar-contending dramatic efforts at the end of the year because films from the end of the year tend to do better come Oscar Night in March .
you know the drill : the studios [free] their oscar-contending dramatic efforts at the end of the year because films from the end of the year tend to do better come oscar night in march .

Although the company had trumpeted its relationship with GM , it quickly came out with a press release pointing out that GM represented just 10 percent of its business .
although the company had trumpeted its relationship with gm , it quickly came out with a press [free] pointing out that gm represented just 10 percent of its business .

You can call MovieFone and book your seat for the latest Warner release . ''
you can call moviefone and book your seat for the latest warner [free] . ''

I can call MovieFone right now and book my seat for the latest Warner release , and AOL will make some money off that and Time Warner will make some money off that , and between the two of them they will make just as much money off my phone call to MovieFone as they would have if they were part of the same company .
i can call moviefone right now and book my seat for the latest warner [free] , and aol will make some money off that and time warner will make some money off that , and between the two of them they will make just as much money off my phone call to moviefone as they would have if they were part of the same company .

Any point you failed to win by rigging the questions and categories can be cleaned up in the `` executive summary '' ( the pollster 's spin ) and the press release and news conference ( the client 's spin on the pollster 's spin ) .
any point you failed to win by rigging the questions and categories can be cleaned up in the `` executive summary '' ( the pollster 's spin ) and the press [free] and news conference ( the client 's spin on the pollster 's spin ) .

In the CAF press release , this magically becomes a mandate for `` increased spending on education . ''
in the caf press [free] , this magically becomes a mandate for `` increased spending on education . ''

This unfortunate result goes unmentioned in Penn 's summary , and the DLC 's press release begins as though it never happened : `` Democratic rank and file voters are following President Clinton into the vital center of the national debate , according to a new survey . ''
this unfortunate result goes unmentioned in penn 's summary , and the dlc 's press [free] begins as though it never happened : `` democratic rank and file voters are following president clinton into the vital center of the national debate , according to a new survey . ''

Having completed his sentence for his one conviction , he is set for release .
having completed his sentence for his one conviction , he is set for [free] .

The study 's release boosted the stock to $ 37 a share overnight and has generated $ 41 million in revenues in the year since .
the study 's [free] boosted the stock to $ 37 a share overnight and has generated $ 41 million in revenues in the year since .

Fen-phen consumption began to fall only this month , when the New England Journal of Medicine essentially withdrew its earlier cost-benefit argument with the emergency release of startling new fen-phen findings .
fen-phen consumption began to fall only this month , when the new england journal of medicine essentially withdrew its earlier cost-benefit argument with the emergency [free] of startling new fen-phen findings .

In this respect , it 's striking that in the press release announcing the latest turmoil , Dunlap said , `` I want to stress that getting the right cost structure is only the first step in the process of building a powerful global business . ''
in this respect , it 's striking that in the press [free] announcing the latest turmoil , dunlap said , `` i want to stress that getting the right cost structure is only the first step in the process of building a powerful global business . ''

In inimitable Hollywood fashion , the IPO is scheduled to coincide with the release date of Tomorrow Never Dies , the studio 's new James Bond film , because MGM figures that the free publicity will boost the stock price .
in inimitable hollywood fashion , the ipo is scheduled to coincide with the [free] date of tomorrow never dies , the studio 's new james bond film , because mgm figures that the free publicity will boost the stock price .

I suppose it 's a measure of how far we 've come that IBM just issued a press release , though it would have been stirring to see CEO Lou Gerstner storm into the Exchange Tuesday to start buying up shares .
i suppose it 's a measure of how far we 've come that ibm just issued a press [free] , though it would have been stirring to see ceo lou gerstner storm into the exchange tuesday to start buying up shares .

Thomas Nelson Publishers , Nashville , Tenn. , has announced the March release of a book with the working title The Death of Innocence .
thomas nelson publishers , nashville , tenn. , has announced the march [free] of a book with the working title the death of innocence .

In all of them , scenes of repressive formality ( hoary English actors sipping sherry in drawing rooms ) would be shattered by scenes of Dionysian release ( Dracula or some other fanged entity swooping down in an animalistic frenzy ) , and an aristocratic figure of both science and Christian faith -- usually the crisply self-satisfied Peter Cushing -- would show up to lecture the frightened villagers and pound a stake through the heaving bosom of some temptress .
in all of them , scenes of repressive formality ( hoary english actors sipping sherry in drawing rooms ) would be shattered by scenes of dionysian [free] ( dracula or some other fanged entity swooping down in an animalistic frenzy ) , and an aristocratic figure of both science and christian faith -- usually the crisply self-satisfied peter cushing -- would show up to lecture the frightened villagers and pound a stake through the heaving bosom of some temptress .

After Tuesday and Wednesday 's violent clashes , in which police made more than 500 arrests and used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse demonstrators , hundreds of people gathered peacefully outside the city jail and called for the protesters ' release .
after tuesday and wednesday 's violent clashes , in which police made more than 500 arrests and used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse demonstrators , hundreds of people gathered peacefully outside the city jail and called for the protesters ' [free] .

In a satirical press release , Rep. James Sensenbrenner , R-Wis. , exclaimed , `` I had no idea my friend Al Gore created the Internet . ''
in a satirical press [free] , rep. james sensenbrenner , r-wis. , exclaimed , `` i had no idea my friend al gore created the internet . ''

A Forbes press release added , `` Forbes Calls on Bush To Cease 'Politics of Personal Destruction ' Against Senator John McCain . ''
a forbes press [free] added , `` forbes calls on bush to cease 'politics of personal destruction ' against senator john mccain . ''

In making this prediction to New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd , Trump declined to release details of either the economic theory or the satanic pact that would make this scenario possible .
in making this prediction to new york times columnist maureen dowd , trump declined to [free] details of either the economic theory or the satanic pact that would make this scenario possible .

Presumably this was an inquiry into the possibilities of gun violence and not a request for the sweet release that death can bring from irksome relatives .
presumably this was an inquiry into the possibilities of gun violence and not a request for the sweet [free] that death can bring from irksome relatives .

We spin the birds around and around , then release them .
we spin the birds around and around , then [free] them .

If so , one would think that after six months of Dole non-reticence on the hustings , including a pit stop for the press at the Battle Creek , Mich. , Army hospital where he recuperated from the Wound , and a full nine months after the release of a campaign video , An American Hero , in which Dole himself describes the Wounding in graphic detail ( `` Some high-explosive bullet entered my right shoulder , fractured my vertebrae in my neck .
if so , one would think that after six months of dole non-reticence on the hustings , including a pit stop for the press at the battle creek , mich. , army hospital where he recuperated from the wound , and a full nine months after the [free] of a campaign video , an american hero , in which dole himself describes the wounding in graphic detail ( `` some high-explosive bullet entered my right shoulder , fractured my vertebrae in my neck .

This excuse usually appears in the form of a corporate press release , because nobody can keep a straight face when it 's spoken out loud .
this excuse usually appears in the form of a corporate press [free] , because nobody can keep a straight face when it 's spoken out loud .

The National Institute on Drug Abuse concludes every press release on its Web site with the boast that NIDA supports more than 85 percent of the world 's research on the health aspects of drug abuse and addiction , and publicizes the results of that research .
the national institute on drug abuse concludes every press [free] on its web site with the boast that nida supports more than 85 percent of the world 's research on the health aspects of drug abuse and addiction , and publicizes the results of that research .

The first sentence of the Times story is indistinguishable from that of the NIDA press release .
the first sentence of the times story is indistinguishable from that of the nida press [free] .

The NYT reports that immediately after last summer 's terrorist bombing of two American embassies in Africa , the government of Sudan detained two suspects , only to angrily release them after the U.S. conducted a cruise missile strike against an alleged chemical weapons facility in Sudan .
the nyt reports that immediately after last summer 's terrorist bombing of two american embassies in africa , the government of sudan detained two suspects , only to angrily [free] them after the u.s. conducted a cruise missile strike against an alleged chemical weapons facility in sudan .

Less than five months after his release , he loses it and goes on a racist shooting spree .
less than five months after his [free] , he loses it and goes on a racist shooting spree .

Those who argue that Clinton will compromise -- i.e. , sign a tax cut greater than the $ 300 billion ceiling he now demands -- point to several signs , such as ( a ) Al Gore 's release of a modest tax cut proposal this week , ( b ) Clinton 's desire to make a deal with the GOP on entitlement reform , and ( c ) the eagerness of some Senate Democrats to be seen as tax-cutters before election time ( Bob Novak , of CNN 's Capitol Gang ; Susan Page and Tucker Carlson , of CNN 's Late Edition ; and Paul Gigot , of PBS 's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) .
those who argue that clinton will compromise -- i.e. , sign a tax cut greater than the $ 300 billion ceiling he now demands -- point to several signs , such as ( a ) al gore 's [free] of a modest tax cut proposal this week , ( b ) clinton 's desire to make a deal with the gop on entitlement reform , and ( c ) the eagerness of some senate democrats to be seen as tax-cutters before election time ( bob novak , of cnn 's capitol gang ; susan page and tucker carlson , of cnn 's late edition ; and paul gigot , of pbs 's newshour with jim lehrer ) .

The Washington Post leads with the release of Atlanta gunman Mark Barton 's confessional notes .
the washington post leads with the [free] of atlanta gunman mark barton 's confessional notes .

The Post 's first illustration of the INS shift is the release Friday of an Ethiopian woman who had been jailed by the INS because she was on probation following a conviction for shoplifting clothes for her children .
the post 's first illustration of the ins shift is the [free] friday of an ethiopian woman who had been jailed by the ins because she was on probation following a conviction for shoplifting clothes for her children .

When , in its third week of release , indie sensation The Blair Witch Project took in an incredible $ 28.5 million at the box office and set a record for the largest per-screen gross in motion-picture history , the major movie studios responded by commissioning studies to explain to them why this $ 50,000 film was crushing all their hundred-million-dollar spectaculars .
when , in its third week of [free] , indie sensation the blair witch project took in an incredible $ 28.5 million at the box office and set a record for the largest per-screen gross in motion-picture history , the major movie studios responded by commissioning studies to explain to them why this $ 50,000 film was crushing all their hundred-million-dollar spectaculars .

Blair Witch , by contrast , had a strictly limited release , playing to sell-out crowds in big cities in its first week , opening at a few more select theaters in its second week , and expanding to just 1,100 screens in its third .
blair witch , by contrast , had a strictly limited [free] , playing to sell-out crowds in big cities in its first week , opening at a few more select theaters in its second week , and expanding to just 1,100 screens in its third .

That release schedule helped build the buzz for the movie , made it seem like the hot ticket to get ( call it the `` I 'll only go to a club if there are a lot of people who ca n't get in '' principle ) , and ensured that the distributors did n't overreach themselves in terms of their advertising .
that [free] schedule helped build the buzz for the movie , made it seem like the hot ticket to get ( call it the `` i 'll only go to a club if there are a lot of people who ca n't get in '' principle ) , and ensured that the distributors did n't overreach themselves in terms of their advertising .

The five hijackers , who seized a jet Friday , are still demanding that India release 35 Kashmiri militants , but they are no longer asking for the return of a colleague 's dead body or for $ 200 million in ransom .
the five hijackers , who seized a jet friday , are still demanding that india [free] 35 kashmiri militants , but they are no longer asking for the return of a colleague 's dead body or for $ 200 million in ransom .

A federal judge said his release could compromise global security because seven of the tapes onto which he had copied American nuclear secrets remain unaccounted for .
a federal judge said his [free] could compromise global security because seven of the tapes onto which he had copied american nuclear secrets remain unaccounted for .

Some are moved by the film 's themes of redemption and spirituality ; Roger Ebert says it 's full of `` vivid characters , humor , outrage and emotional release '' ( the Chicago Sun-Times ) .
some are moved by the film 's themes of redemption and spirituality ; roger ebert says it 's full of `` vivid characters , humor , outrage and emotional [free] '' ( the chicago sun-times ) .

Sixty years after the release of Walt Disney 's film of cartoons set to classical music , this updated IMAX version introduces new sequences as well as a remastered version of the original 's famous `` Sorcerer 's Apprentice '' segment .
sixty years after the [free] of walt disney 's film of cartoons set to classical music , this updated imax version introduces new sequences as well as a remastered version of the original 's famous `` sorcerer 's apprentice '' segment .

He also provides no emotional release , which is n't a small matter when the subject is Holocaust denial .
he also provides no emotional [free] , which is n't a small matter when the subject is holocaust denial .

The Independent ran a bitter commentary by its veteran war correspondent Robert Fisk comparing the attention paid to the release of the three soldiers in Belgrade to that of the deaths of 60 civilians in a NATO bomb attack that destroyed a bus last Saturday .
the independent ran a bitter commentary by its veteran war correspondent robert fisk comparing the attention paid to the [free] of the three soldiers in belgrade to that of the deaths of 60 civilians in a nato bomb attack that destroyed a bus last saturday .

By moving the war to the terrain of American public opinion with his release of the three soldiers , he was attempting a final maneuver .
by moving the war to the terrain of american public opinion with his [free] of the three soldiers , he was attempting a final maneuver .

Libération , in its main front-page headline , called the release of the soldiers `` a diplomatic ambush by Milosevic . ''
libération , in its main front-page headline , called the [free] of the soldiers `` a diplomatic ambush by milosevic . ''

At the beginning of the film , now in wide release , Berkowitz -- thirtyish and divorced and unable to get his directing career off the ground -- explains that he has received a sum of money from a private investor ( heard cursing the director via a hidden tape recorder ) to go on 20 dates with 20 attractive women and thereby capture something unglimpsed in commercial movies about the single life , the nature of love , etc. , etc. , ad nauseam .
at the beginning of the film , now in wide [free] , berkowitz -- thirtyish and divorced and unable to get his directing career off the ground -- explains that he has received a sum of money from a private investor ( heard cursing the director via a hidden tape recorder ) to go on 20 dates with 20 attractive women and thereby capture something unglimpsed in commercial movies about the single life , the nature of love , etc. , etc. , ad nauseam .

All that is captured , of course , is Berkowitz 's ambition to put himself in your face : He comes out of 20 Dates with a trophy fiancee and a feature film in major release , but absolutely no insight into dating , love , or human chemistry .
all that is captured , of course , is berkowitz 's ambition to put himself in your face : he comes out of 20 dates with a trophy fiancee and a feature film in major [free] , but absolutely no insight into dating , love , or human chemistry .

It 's no wonder Clinton is so dilatory : Pollard presents a dilemma with no satisfactory political solution : The entire national security apparatus , from Tenet to the FBI to the Defense Department to the State Department to the heads of House and Senate intelligence committees , adamantly opposes Pollard 's release .
it 's no wonder clinton is so dilatory : pollard presents a dilemma with no satisfactory political solution : the entire national security apparatus , from tenet to the fbi to the defense department to the state department to the heads of house and senate intelligence committees , adamantly opposes pollard 's [free] .

Almost every significant Jewish organization now supports Pollard 's release , from the World Jewish Congress to B'nai B'rith to the Conference of Presidents of Major Jewish Organizations .
almost every significant jewish organization now supports pollard 's [free] , from the world jewish congress to b'nai b'rith to the conference of presidents of major jewish organizations .

None of the Jewish groups has reversed its support for Pollard 's release .
none of the jewish groups has reversed its support for pollard 's [free] .

For 14 years , the intelligence community has refused to release this damage assessment on the grounds that it would harm national security .
for 14 years , the intelligence community has refused to [free] this damage assessment on the grounds that it would harm national security .

The only reason to release it now is political , and national security officials should n't play politics .
the only reason to [free] it now is political , and national security officials should n't play politics .

The Australian government accused the Serb authorities of putting words into Platt 's mouth and demanded his immediate release .
the australian government accused the serb authorities of putting words into platt 's mouth and demanded his immediate [free] .

Dickinson 's poetry is simply too weird , and yes , sexual ( talk about images of `` ecstatic release '' ) , to fit comfortably into a category whose hallmarks are deemed to be `` measure , reason , and control . ''
dickinson 's poetry is simply too weird , and yes , sexual ( talk about images of `` ecstatic [free] '' ) , to fit comfortably into a category whose hallmarks are deemed to be `` measure , reason , and control . ''

If a work is `` about '' `` abandon , irrationality , and ecstatic release , '' but its execution displays `` measure , reason , and control '' -- one might place any number of baroque operas in this category , for instance , or Nathaniel Hawthorne , for that matter .
if a work is `` about '' `` abandon , irrationality , and ecstatic [free] , '' but its execution displays `` measure , reason , and control '' -- one might place any number of baroque operas in this category , for instance , or nathaniel hawthorne , for that matter .

I 'd like to see ya come down here and release that report , tough guys . ''
i 'd like to see ya come down here and [free] that report , tough guys . ''

According to a profile in Vanity Fair , Roberts protested the script 's depiction of Anna 's distraught reaction to the release of a nude video : She argued that Anna would have learned not to let tabloid scandals get to her , because that way lies madness .
according to a profile in vanity fair , roberts protested the script 's depiction of anna 's distraught reaction to the [free] of a nude video : she argued that anna would have learned not to let tabloid scandals get to her , because that way lies madness .

Jesse Jackson brought a delegation of religious leaders to Belgrade , seeking to persuade Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic to release three captured U.S. peacekeeping soldiers .
jesse jackson brought a delegation of religious leaders to belgrade , seeking to persuade yugoslav president slobodan milosevic to [free] three captured u.s. peacekeeping soldiers .

For those who ca n't wait until the fall release date of our book Dow 36,000 and want to start thinking through these issues , check out the Spring 1995 issue of the journal Contemporary Accounting Research , which provides a number of valuable review articles of the some of the relevant academic work .
for those who ca n't wait until the fall [free] date of our book dow 36,000 and want to start thinking through these issues , check out the spring 1995 issue of the journal contemporary accounting research , which provides a number of valuable review articles of the some of the relevant academic work .

The release of Jonathan Pollard would bring this shameful episode to the forefront .
the [free] of jonathan pollard would bring this shameful episode to the forefront .

The Apollonian spirit is one of measure , reason , and control ; the Dionysian is one of abandon , irrationality , and ecstatic release .
the apollonian spirit is one of measure , reason , and control ; the dionysian is one of abandon , irrationality , and ecstatic [free] .

The editors argue that Milosevic 's release of the POWs was a `` humane gesture that should be built upon . ''
the editors argue that milosevic 's [free] of the pows was a `` humane gesture that should be built upon . ''

Chernomyrdin got on the phone and , in a desperate and fragmented conversation broadcast live on Russian TV , negotiated the release of the hostages .
chernomyrdin got on the phone and , in a desperate and fragmented conversation broadcast live on russian tv , negotiated the [free] of the hostages .

Cohen said it was `` highly unlikely '' that Clinton would meet with Milosevic in response to Yugoslavia 's release of the three captured American soldiers over the weekend , since the Serbs were continuing their atrocities and were n't offering to meet NATO 's conditions .
cohen said it was `` highly unlikely '' that clinton would meet with milosevic in response to yugoslavia 's [free] of the three captured american soldiers over the weekend , since the serbs were continuing their atrocities and were n't offering to meet nato 's conditions .

He 's also in on the manufacturing : The man in black narrates the desktop version of the King James Bible , scheduled for a July release .
he 's also in on the manufacturing : the man in black narrates the desktop version of the king james bible , scheduled for a july [free] .

A week later , when Lockhart still had not commented on the study , the RNC blast-faxed a press release congratulating the GOP for its brave stand and slamming Clinton .
a week later , when lockhart still had not commented on the study , the rnc blast-faxed a press [free] congratulating the gop for its brave stand and slamming clinton .

Only after the full-fledged arrival of 1998 did things start to pick up , when the release of Firestorm heralded a return to the usual Hollywood standards of cognitive dissonance .
only after the full-fledged arrival of 1998 did things start to pick up , when the [free] of firestorm heralded a return to the usual hollywood standards of cognitive dissonance .

After months of new disclosures , including the release of transcripts of damning White House conversations , the House Judiciary Committee began impeachment deliberations in earnest on May 9 , 1974 .
after months of new disclosures , including the [free] of transcripts of damning white house conversations , the house judiciary committee began impeachment deliberations in earnest on may 9 , 1974 .

Thereafter when the allergen enters the body , the immunoglobulins send signals to trigger the release of a set of nasty chemicals , most notably histamines , that destroy it .
thereafter when the allergen enters the body , the immunoglobulins send signals to trigger the [free] of a set of nasty chemicals , most notably histamines , that destroy it .

Side effects of histamines include the tightening of airways , constriction of nasal passages , release of mucus , and redness of eyes .
side effects of histamines include the tightening of airways , constriction of nasal passages , [free] of mucus , and redness of eyes .

News Corp. , which does release HarperCollins ' figures , reports that the book division 's operating profit fell 66 percent during the first six months of fiscal year 1997 .
news corp. , which does [free] harpercollins ' figures , reports that the book division 's operating profit fell 66 percent during the first six months of fiscal year 1997 .

Newsweek 's Jonathan Alter blames Clinton 's alleged sexcapades on the rush that some addictive personalities experience from the release of the neurotransmitter dopamine during sex .
newsweek 's jonathan alter blames clinton 's alleged sexcapades on the rush that some addictive personalities experience from the [free] of the neurotransmitter dopamine during sex .

This is a city where Mayor Marion Barry , after his release from prison , tried to give a contract to lay sewer pipe to his friend Rock Newman , a boxing promoter .
this is a city where mayor marion barry , after his [free] from prison , tried to give a contract to lay sewer pipe to his friend rock newman , a boxing promoter .

Quoting John Stuart Mill , he called residents , who elected Barry to a fourth term after his release from prison , `` unfit for liberty . ''
quoting john stuart mill , he called residents , who elected barry to a fourth term after his [free] from prison , `` unfit for liberty . ''

In much the same way that Washington 's blacks re-elected Barry after his release from prison , Boston 's Irish supported their mayor , James Michael Curley , when he went to prison .
in much the same way that washington 's blacks re-elected barry after his [free] from prison , boston 's irish supported their mayor , james michael curley , when he went to prison .

This is a beta release of Slate Explorer .
this is a beta [free] of slate explorer .

For the moment , this beta release is only being promoted in Readme -- that is , to our most loyal and discerning readers ( who are also immune to crass flattery ) .
for the moment , this beta [free] is only being promoted in readme -- that is , to our most loyal and discerning readers ( who are also immune to crass flattery ) .

To minimize the risk of loneliness and depression , read this nine page press release . )
to minimize the risk of loneliness and depression , read this nine page press [free] . )

Since the 1980 release of its Mandate for Leadership , a detailed program for the incoming Reagan administration that the Reagan administration actually took seriously , Heritage has played a central role in setting not only the broad conservative agenda but also the details of legislation .
since the 1980 [free] of its mandate for leadership , a detailed program for the incoming reagan administration that the reagan administration actually took seriously , heritage has played a central role in setting not only the broad conservative agenda but also the details of legislation .

Slate , of course , is determined to bring the same degree of objectivity and hype resistance to this event that we legendarily brought to our coverage of the birth of Jesus some 2,000 years ago -- an occasion the release of IE4 , as it happens , closely resembles .
slate , of course , is determined to bring the same degree of objectivity and hype resistance to this event that we legendarily brought to our coverage of the birth of jesus some 2,000 years ago -- an occasion the [free] of ie4 , as it happens , closely resembles .

I hold in my hands , a few days in advance of its release , the task force 's draft report .
i hold in my hands , a few days in advance of its [free] , the task force 's draft report .

The intermediate analysis : It will probably be in effect until at least June , screwing up the release of Windows 98 , which was supposed to merge Microsoft 's browser and operating system .
the intermediate analysis : it will probably be in effect until at least june , screwing up the [free] of windows 98 , which was supposed to merge microsoft 's browser and operating system .

This would force Starr 's prosecutors to answer questions and release documents , possibly derailing his investigation .
this would force starr 's prosecutors to answer questions and [free] documents , possibly derailing his investigation .

Plain Language also uses the active voice -- although a White House press release accompanying the president 's memorandum notes that the Plain Language Initiative , which now forms a part of Al Gore 's `` Reinventing Government '' program , `` was developed [ oops ! ]
plain language also uses the active voice -- although a white house press [free] accompanying the president 's memorandum notes that the plain language initiative , which now forms a part of al gore 's `` reinventing government '' program , `` was developed [ oops ! ]

This group , the press release goes on , `` was formed in 1996 . ''
this group , the press [free] goes on , `` was formed in 1996 . ''

After the release of Nefertiti , Davis began experimenting with the electric instruments that would consume the remainder of his career -- to the horror of many in the jazz community .
after the [free] of nefertiti , davis began experimenting with the electric instruments that would consume the remainder of his career -- to the horror of many in the jazz community .

USAT 's scoop is that contrary to previous Pentagon announcements , a report was prepared for the Air Force three months before the outbreak of the Gulf War indicating that bombing Iraq 's chemical weapons facilities was `` certain '' to release deadly nerve gases in patterns dangerous to American troops .
usat 's scoop is that contrary to previous pentagon announcements , a report was prepared for the air force three months before the outbreak of the gulf war indicating that bombing iraq 's chemical weapons facilities was `` certain '' to [free] deadly nerve gases in patterns dangerous to american troops .

In a sort of law of conservation of implants , the LAT front also brings word that the FDA has just approved a new kind of surgical implant for hands that is said to allow quadriplegics to grasp and release objects .
in a sort of law of conservation of implants , the lat front also brings word that the fda has just approved a new kind of surgical implant for hands that is said to allow quadriplegics to grasp and [free] objects .

The Wall Street Journal reports that the National Federation of the Blind is demanding that Disney pull the plug on its planned Christmas release of a Mr. Magoo movie ( starring Leslie Nielsen ) , saying that bringing Magoo back implies that `` it 's funny to watch an ill-tempered and incompetent blind man stumble into things and misunderstand his surroundings . ''
the wall street journal reports that the national federation of the blind is demanding that disney pull the plug on its planned christmas [free] of a mr. magoo movie ( starring leslie nielsen ) , saying that bringing magoo back implies that `` it 's funny to watch an ill-tempered and incompetent blind man stumble into things and misunderstand his surroundings . ''

Would Smith ever accept an unconditional release of money for birth-control aid ?
would smith ever accept an unconditional [free] of money for birth-control aid ?

In one respect his bill was more generous than the alternative that passed the Senate , in that it would release the embargoed funds at a faster rate .
in one respect his bill was more generous than the alternative that passed the senate , in that it would [free] the embargoed funds at a faster rate .

With conviction and removal of President Clinton almost surely off the table , say the papers , stress will instead be on : whether or not to call any of the already deposed witnesses to the Senate chamber for questioning , whether or not to release to the public the videotapes of their depositions , and whether or not to vote on findings of fact in the case or on a formal censure of Clinton instead .
with conviction and removal of president clinton almost surely off the table , say the papers , stress will instead be on : whether or not to call any of the already deposed witnesses to the senate chamber for questioning , whether or not to [free] to the public the videotapes of their depositions , and whether or not to vote on findings of fact in the case or on a formal censure of clinton instead .

The LAT main story is the clearest about how the surprise announcement was made , in a press release distributed in the Senate gallery .
the lat main story is the clearest about how the surprise announcement was made , in a press [free] distributed in the senate gallery .

Warren Beatty , whose film Bulworth recently had its nationwide release moved to just a few days before Godzilla opens ( Bulworth debuts in New York and Los Angeles today , Godzilla nationwide next Wednesday ) .
warren beatty , whose film bulworth recently had its nationwide [free] moved to just a few days before godzilla opens ( bulworth debuts in new york and los angeles today , godzilla nationwide next wednesday ) .

J.J showed up just when boys were in gravest need -- in between Hugh Hefner 's calling off his divorce and the release of Godzilla -- to remind us that , whether we see them or not , America 's males are out there , ready to resurface .
j.j showed up just when boys were in gravest need -- in between hugh hefner 's calling off his divorce and the [free] of godzilla -- to remind us that , whether we see them or not , america 's males are out there , ready to resurface .

The Washington Post makes Japan 's banks its off-lead and goes instead with the pledge by Nigeria 's new leader to release all political prisoners , a story that 's the off-lead at the LAT and runs on the bottom front at the Times .
the washington post makes japan 's banks its off-lead and goes instead with the pledge by nigeria 's new leader to [free] all political prisoners , a story that 's the off-lead at the lat and runs on the bottom front at the times .

Everybody leads with the expected near-simultaneous release today to the Congress and the American people of the Starr report .
everybody leads with the expected near-simultaneous [free] today to the congress and the american people of the starr report .

The LAT lead emphasizes the struggle yesterday between get-it-out-now House Republicans and pro-delay Democrats over the timing of the report 's release , a battle , say the papers , the Republicans have won .
the lat lead emphasizes the struggle yesterday between get-it-out-now house republicans and pro-delay democrats over the timing of the report 's [free] , a battle , say the papers , the republicans have won .

USA Today and the Washington Post lead with this morning 's release of President Clinton 's grand jury videotape .
usa today and the washington post lead with this morning 's [free] of president clinton 's grand jury videotape .

USAT says the White House is braced for the simultaneous release of both the Clinton tape and the transcript of Lewinsky 's grand jury testimony , what it calls `` a high-stakes version of 'he said , she said . ' ''
usat says the white house is braced for the simultaneous [free] of both the clinton tape and the transcript of lewinsky 's grand jury testimony , what it calls `` a high-stakes version of 'he said , she said . ' ''

The WP stresses White House Chief of Staff John Podesta 's claim on `` Meet The Press '' ( carried inside by the NYT ) that the tape 's release will produce a backlash against the way Congress is pursuing the Lewinsky matter .
the wp stresses white house chief of staff john podesta 's claim on `` meet the press '' ( carried inside by the nyt ) that the tape 's [free] will produce a backlash against the way congress is pursuing the lewinsky matter .

The big story today is what happens when blue tape meets red tape , with the House Judiciary wrangle over the release of Starr report evidence -- including the Clinton video -- leading at USA Today , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles Times .
the big story today is what happens when blue tape meets red tape , with the house judiciary wrangle over the [free] of starr report evidence -- including the clinton video -- leading at usa today , the washington post , and the los angeles times .

Contrary to expectations , yesterday the Judiciary committee did not release the video of Clinton 's grand jury testimony .
contrary to expectations , yesterday the judiciary committee did not [free] the video of clinton 's grand jury testimony .

The LAT notes that the politics are n't all black and white , with two House Democrats ( not on the Judiciary committee ) calling for the immediate release of all the Starr materials .
the lat notes that the politics are n't all black and white , with two house democrats ( not on the judiciary committee ) calling for the immediate [free] of all the starr materials .

In the same Chicken Little spirit , the WP lead delays until the sixteenth paragraph the news that the day also saw the release of strong figures on the U.S. labor market and on housing starts .
in the same chicken little spirit , the wp lead delays until the sixteenth paragraph the news that the day also saw the [free] of strong figures on the u.s. labor market and on housing starts .

A WP front page piece examines a prickly side-effect of the Starr report 's release : the heightened risk of curious ten-year-olds asking parents what `` oral sex '' is .
a wp front page piece examines a prickly side-effect of the starr report 's [free] : the heightened risk of curious ten-year-olds asking parents what `` oral sex '' is .

The papers note that the adverse ruling is the latest in a string of setbacks for Starr : his failed attempt to eradicate the postmortem lawyer-client privilege , the death of cooperating witness James McDougal , the release from jail of the non-cooperating Susan McDougal , and his failure thus far to delve into communications between Clinton and his government-supplied lawyers or into the observations made of Clinton by his Secret Service detail .
the papers note that the adverse ruling is the latest in a string of setbacks for starr : his failed attempt to eradicate the postmortem lawyer-client privilege , the death of cooperating witness james mcdougal , the [free] from jail of the non-cooperating susan mcdougal , and his failure thus far to delve into communications between clinton and his government-supplied lawyers or into the observations made of clinton by his secret service detail .

The New York Times , Washington Post , and Los Angeles Times lead with the news that , on Monday , Congress will release President Clinton 's videotaped grand jury testimony and 2,800 pages of material gathered by Starr .
the new york times , washington post , and los angeles times lead with the news that , on monday , congress will [free] president clinton 's videotaped grand jury testimony and 2,800 pages of material gathered by starr .

The committee 's big dispute -- other than whether to release -- was over what to delete from the released materials .
the committee 's big dispute -- other than whether to [free] -- was over what to delete from the released materials .

USA Today and the Los Angeles Times lead with congressional Republicans ' push to release to the public the video of President Clinton 's grand jury testimony .
usa today and the los angeles times lead with congressional republicans ' push to [free] to the public the video of president clinton 's grand jury testimony .

USAT says that release would mean the videotape could be airing on TV this weekend .
usat says that [free] would mean the videotape could be airing on tv this weekend .

The paper also states that there are hints from the new leadership of the imminent release of many of the country 's numerous political prisoners .
the paper also states that there are hints from the new leadership of the imminent [free] of many of the country 's numerous political prisoners .

Liu 's release was no doubt hastened by the UN delegation on human rights that arrives in China on Monday .
liu 's [free] was no doubt hastened by the un delegation on human rights that arrives in china on monday .

In a televised speech , he said he would release all political prisoners jailed by the previous military regime , allow the formation of political parties , reform the prison system and put an end to `` lapses '' in the management of public funds .
in a televised speech , he said he would [free] all political prisoners jailed by the previous military regime , allow the formation of political parties , reform the prison system and put an end to `` lapses '' in the management of public funds .

The NYT goes with a story that led elsewhere yesterday -- the imminent release of the Clinton grand jury videotape .
the nyt goes with a story that led elsewhere yesterday -- the imminent [free] of the clinton grand jury videotape .

The NYT lead stresses the concerns of some Judiciary committee Republicans that some of the material suggested for imminent release is too graphic .
the nyt lead stresses the concerns of some judiciary committee republicans that some of the material suggested for imminent [free] is too graphic .

As a reference work on usage , it is far from complete : The Simon and Schuster Publicity Department could have used an entry on foreword/ forward ( spelt “ foreward ” in the release accompanying the review copy ) .
as a reference work on usage , it is far from complete : the simon and schuster publicity department could have used an entry on foreword/ forward ( spelt “ foreward ” in the [free] accompanying the review copy ) .

Earliest Date of Release , which is their sentence less a third taken off for good behavior .
earliest date of [free] , which is their sentence less a third taken off for good behavior .

Latest Date of Release , which is the original sentence with no time off .
latest date of [free] , which is the original sentence with no time off .

Where the reference is made in the first paragraph to “ the twanging release of Ulysses ' silver bow , ” that the bowman is not Ulysses but Apollo , shooting into the Greek camp .
where the reference is made in the first paragraph to “ the twanging [free] of ulysses ' silver bow , ” that the bowman is not ulysses but apollo , shooting into the greek camp .

Software which is promised but whose release is repeatedly delayed or even abandoned , is called vapourware , and shelfware is software that is bought but never used , i.e. , it just sits on the shelf .
software which is promised but whose [free] is repeatedly delayed or even abandoned , is called vapourware , and shelfware is software that is bought but never used , i.e. , it just sits on the shelf .

Although the jacket copy is appropriately dignified , twenty lashes to whoever wrote the release accompanying the book , which cites its appeal to “ trivia buffs and curiosity seekers , ” rather a down-market crowed compared to the higher echelons of literati to whom Adrian Room 's books usually appeal .
although the jacket copy is appropriately dignified , twenty lashes to whoever wrote the [free] accompanying the book , which cites its appeal to “ trivia buffs and curiosity seekers , ” rather a down-market crowed compared to the higher echelons of literati to whom adrian room 's books usually appeal .

What I found was that the syllabics occurred only when the preceding sound was a dental or alveolar ( d or t ) ; when it was a velar ( k or g ) , there was enough time for a speaker to release a sound which was more like a full schwa than a syllabic .
what i found was that the syllabics occurred only when the preceding sound was a dental or alveolar ( d or t ) ; when it was a velar ( k or g ) , there was enough time for a speaker to [free] a sound which was more like a full schwa than a syllabic .

A near relative , the mucus release known as something like huk-ptui , has similarly eased into the accipitrine hawk patooie .
a near relative , the mucus [free] known as something like huk-ptui , has similarly eased into the accipitrine hawk patooie .

When I woke it was the sound of the rocket exploding that announced the release of the bulls from the corrals at the edge of town .
when i woke it was the sound of the rocket exploding that announced the [free] of the bulls from the corrals at the edge of town .

Declaim that line of transliterated Greek , and you can listen to Homer 's cunning selection of words and genitive case capture the twanging release of Ulysses ' silver bow .
declaim that line of transliterated greek , and you can listen to homer 's cunning selection of words and genitive case capture the twanging [free] of ulysses ' silver bow .

Some of the more modern Adlestrop designs have a special ` quick release ' feature which enables the case to fly open at this point and fling your underclothes into the conveyor belt 's gearing mechanism . ”
some of the more modern adlestrop designs have a special ` quick [free] ' feature which enables the case to fly open at this point and fling your underclothes into the conveyor belt 's gearing mechanism . ”

