As you know , a conditioner makes indoor air cool by pumping the heat out of it and then releasing this heat outdoors .
as you know , a conditioner makes indoor air cool by pumping the heat out of it and then [freeing] this heat outdoors .

And was he afraid to do anything as definite as releasing her ? ?
and was he afraid to do anything as definite as [freeing] her ? ?

Over the next few weeks they 're releasing ten of thousands of tiny elvers in Thames tributaries like the River Windrush in Oxfordshire .
over the next few weeks they 're [freeing] ten of thousands of tiny elvers in thames tributaries like the river windrush in oxfordshire .

Police have taken the unusual step of naming and releasing the photograph of a man they wish to question in connection with an alleged double rape of a teenager .
police have taken the unusual step of naming and [freeing] the photograph of a man they wish to question in connection with an alleged double rape of a teenager .

Alan Eastwood believes the the answer is to lock up young offenders instead of releasing them to commit further crimes .
alan eastwood believes the the answer is to lock up young offenders instead of [freeing] them to commit further crimes .

The Vale Rescue Centre prides itself on releasing nine out of every ten animals back into the wild .
the vale rescue centre prides itself on [freeing] nine out of every ten animals back into the wild .

In a minute oh this is it oh no they 're not re releasing in that Cor look at this he 's not doing the one , he 's doing all his Christmas ones together .
in a minute oh this is it oh no they 're not re [freeing] in that cor look at this he 's not doing the one , he 's doing all his christmas ones together .

That 's just , that 's just that 's just releasing .
that 's just , that 's just that 's just [freeing] .

Just releasing .
just [freeing] .

And he criticised the Conservatives for not releasing more of the receipts of council house sales to help correct the ‘ dire need ’ for more houses .
and he criticised the conservatives for not [freeing] more of the receipts of council house sales to help correct the ‘ dire need ’ for more houses .

Sacks of asbestos fibre had been opened in the factory , releasing dust into the atmosphere .
sacks of asbestos fibre had been opened in the factory , [freeing] dust into the atmosphere .

CHILD-welfare specialists are considering the unprecedented step of releasing unpublished medical evidence to counter a campaign for the return of seven Orkney children to their mother 's care .
child-welfare specialists are considering the unprecedented step of [freeing] unpublished medical evidence to counter a campaign for the return of seven orkney children to their mother 's care .

Thereafter , however , a series of self-inflicted wounds proved costly , the turning point coming when Scott Stewart 's long diagonal to Canada 's left touchline saw only Tony Stanger retreat into his 22 at suitable speed , though John Graf and Chris Tynan then got the better of him , the former 's delightful pick-up releasing the latter for a try .
thereafter , however , a series of self-inflicted wounds proved costly , the turning point coming when scott stewart 's long diagonal to canada 's left touchline saw only tony stanger retreat into his 22 at suitable speed , though john graf and chris tynan then got the better of him , the former 's delightful pick-up [freeing] the latter for a try .

The spokesman said : ‘ Lloyds Bank has a policy of not releasing information about thefts .
the spokesman said : ‘ lloyds bank has a policy of not [freeing] information about thefts .

The problem 's been around for a long time , but what 's new is that in an age when women are releasing themselves from stereotypical roles of submission , it 's the men still locked into emotionally repressive macho fantasies who are having all the problems .
the problem 's been around for a long time , but what 's new is that in an age when women are [freeing] themselves from stereotypical roles of submission , it 's the men still locked into emotionally repressive macho fantasies who are having all the problems .

Chief Constable Frank Taylor plans to employ civilians in key posts releasing more officers for patrol duties .
chief constable frank taylor plans to employ civilians in key posts [freeing] more officers for patrol duties .

Roxburgh is also likely to show his understanding of Brown 's situation by releasing Stephen Wright from the full squad to join the young ones in their time of need .
roxburgh is also likely to show his understanding of brown 's situation by [freeing] stephen wright from the full squad to join the young ones in their time of need .

It also amends the Official Secrets Act to allow someone who had been prosecuted to argue that releasing information was in the public interest .
it also amends the official secrets act to allow someone who had been prosecuted to argue that [freeing] information was in the public interest .

Detectives fear the 31year-old is a danger to himself and the public and last night took the unusual step of releasing photographs of him .
detectives fear the 31year-old is a danger to himself and the public and last night took the unusual step of [freeing] photographs of him .

The former Teesside Polytechnic celebrated its name change by releasing hundreds of balloons into the sky above Middlesbrough .
the former teesside polytechnic celebrated its name change by [freeing] hundreds of balloons into the sky above middlesbrough .

So , encouraging tenants or people on the waiting list to move into private ownership is one way of releasing more of our own stock for those in need .
so , encouraging tenants or people on the waiting list to move into private ownership is one way of [freeing] more of our own stock for those in need .

Chlorine used in the bleaching process was releasing dioxin into the lakes .
chlorine used in the bleaching process was [freeing] dioxin into the lakes .

Breeders will face fines if they attempt to boost the number of barn owls living in the wild by releasing birds without a license .
breeders will face fines if they attempt to boost the number of barn owls living in the wild by [freeing] birds without a license .

The painstaking steps towards releasing a captive barn owl into the wild involve taking the chick from the parent at the age of four to five weeks .
the painstaking steps towards [freeing] a captive barn owl into the wild involve taking the chick from the parent at the age of four to five weeks .

‘ Barn owls breed very easily in captivity , but releasing them is a time-consuming process . ’
‘ barn owls breed very easily in captivity , but [freeing] them is a time-consuming process . ’

Oxygen is absorbed into the water by surface movement , where a gaseous exchange takes place releasing carbon dioxide and absorbing oxygen .
oxygen is absorbed into the water by surface movement , where a gaseous exchange takes place [freeing] carbon dioxide and absorbing oxygen .

Spawning then takes place above this nest , the female clasping her anal fin around her vent and the male 's genital papilla , releasing some eggs which , within the fin , are virtually ensured fertilization .
spawning then takes place above this nest , the female clasping her anal fin around her vent and the male 's genital papilla , [freeing] some eggs which , within the fin , are virtually ensured fertilization .

Releasing your koi
[freeing] your koi

In the meantime , though , if you are releasing a work which includes samples of other people 's records , get them cleared through the labels and the music copyright owners .
in the meantime , though , if you are [freeing] a work which includes samples of other people 's records , get them cleared through the labels and the music copyright owners .

The fish is eating well , but every now and again it goes to the surface , collects a mouthful of air and then returns quickly to the bottom , chewing and releasing air at the same time .
the fish is eating well , but every now and again it goes to the surface , collects a mouthful of air and then returns quickly to the bottom , chewing and [freeing] air at the same time .

Corals , like the majority of marine invertebrates can also reproduce sexually by releasing eggs and sperm .
corals , like the majority of marine invertebrates can also reproduce sexually by [freeing] eggs and sperm .

Sponges ( Porifera ) , rarely used as aquarium subjects , also reproduce by releasing eggs and sperm which form free swimming pelagic larvae .
sponges ( porifera ) , rarely used as aquarium subjects , also reproduce by [freeing] eggs and sperm which form free swimming pelagic larvae .

Two large storage annexes for housing the collections were added by 1931 thus releasing space so that the library could be arranged in an orderly fashion .
two large storage annexes for housing the collections were added by 1931 thus [freeing] space so that the library could be arranged in an orderly fashion .

He retreated into Sebadoh , releasing two albums of lo-fi acoustic introspection with help from drummer Eric Gaffney , a fellow veteran of the Massachusetts hardcore scene .
he retreated into sebadoh , [freeing] two albums of lo-fi acoustic introspection with help from drummer eric gaffney , a fellow veteran of the massachusetts hardcore scene .

The band were taking a break from each other , but they 'd be working on some new material soon with a view to releasing a new song as a single to coincide with Reading .
the band were taking a break from each other , but they 'd be working on some new material soon with a view to [freeing] a new song as a single to coincide with reading .

• The message is brief — Shelleyan Orphan are alive and well and still signed to Rough Trade , who , in mid-October , will be releasing an album that answers to the name of ‘ Humroot ’ . Happy endings — you ca n't beat ‘ em !
• the message is brief — shelleyan orphan are alive and well and still signed to rough trade , who , in mid-october , will be [freeing] an album that answers to the name of ‘ humroot ’ . happy endings — you ca n't beat ‘ em !

Frank , who works for Bristol Council , said he would follow the wishes of the Bath-based Buddhists but added : ‘ Releasing the wasps into the wild could be extremely hazardous to anyone around . ’
frank , who works for bristol council , said he would follow the wishes of the bath-based buddhists but added : ‘ [freeing] the wasps into the wild could be extremely hazardous to anyone around . ’

He took her to a Forest Hill bedsit where he repeatedly raped her before releasing her .
he took her to a forest hill bedsit where he repeatedly raped her before [freeing] her .

Perhaps other bands could be persuaded to up their releasing to one single a month ; this would slow Gedge down , until , presumably , he resorted to bringing out a single every week and , indeed , every day .
perhaps other bands could be persuaded to up their [freeing] to one single a month ; this would slow gedge down , until , presumably , he resorted to bringing out a single every week and , indeed , every day .

When releasing barn owls that have been in captivity for a long time , we keep them confined to the barn until we 're sure that they are going to adapt happily to their new surrounding . ( )
when [freeing] barn owls that have been in captivity for a long time , we keep them confined to the barn until we 're sure that they are going to adapt happily to their new surrounding . ( )

As you can see , it is n't just a case of opening a wicker basket and saying ‘ shoo , like releasing racing pigeons : you have to find the owls a home .
as you can see , it is n't just a case of opening a wicker basket and saying ‘ shoo , like [freeing] racing pigeons : you have to find the owls a home .

They would not regard a mere Act of the United Kingdom Parliament , in contravention of European law , as capable of releasing the United Kingdom from its treaty obligations .
they would not regard a mere act of the united kingdom parliament , in contravention of european law , as capable of [freeing] the united kingdom from its treaty obligations .

Keeping the bottle in an inverted position Dom Pérignon would have carried the Champagne to the table , before removing the cork and releasing the sediment .
keeping the bottle in an inverted position dom pérignon would have carried the champagne to the table , before removing the cork and [freeing] the sediment .

’ Salt went to take a huge apple pie from the oven set in the chimneyplace , releasing cinnamon sweetness .
’ salt went to take a huge apple pie from the oven set in the chimneyplace , [freeing] cinnamon sweetness .

Fill the hall with plants , as they improve the air quality by releasing oxygen and water .
fill the hall with plants , as they improve the air quality by [freeing] oxygen and water .

Natural air fresheners such as pot pourri scented candles and dried flowers will keep the bathroom smelling sweet without releasing chemicals .
natural air fresheners such as pot pourri scented candles and dried flowers will keep the bathroom smelling sweet without [freeing] chemicals .

Meryl felt slightly dizzy among the heady scents of the plants , but nevertheless plucked a rosemary leaf from its stem and held it to her nose , crushed between finger and thumb , before releasing it to twist emptily to the ground .
meryl felt slightly dizzy among the heady scents of the plants , but nevertheless plucked a rosemary leaf from its stem and held it to her nose , crushed between finger and thumb , before [freeing] it to twist emptily to the ground .

The church planter will do well to set a goal of identifying and releasing others .
the church planter will do well to set a goal of identifying and [freeing] others .

This is unlikely by itself to reduce speeds significantly , but it does act as a facilitating element in making other measures possible and in releasing former carriageway space for other uses .
this is unlikely by itself to reduce speeds significantly , but it does act as a facilitating element in making other measures possible and in [freeing] former carriageway space for other uses .

The hot steam melts away the sticky oils and greases , releasing the dirt and grime which can either be absorbed by the cotton towel provided or vacuumed up later .
the hot steam melts away the sticky oils and greases , [freeing] the dirt and grime which can either be absorbed by the cotton towel provided or vacuumed up later .

Guthrie and Hay were unable to prevent the attack , two of the Savoias releasing torpedoes at ‘ Ark Royal ’ and ‘ Renown ’ , narrowly missing the carrier .
guthrie and hay were unable to prevent the attack , two of the savoias [freeing] torpedoes at ‘ ark royal ’ and ‘ renown ’ , narrowly missing the carrier .

And this week 's Djax release … Djax-Up are currently releasing records faster than most people can note and , with at least another seven in the pipeline over the next two months , they continue to stop anybody standing in their way .
and this week 's djax release … djax-up are currently [freeing] records faster than most people can note and , with at least another seven in the pipeline over the next two months , they continue to stop anybody standing in their way .

The Stranglers started going downhill when they took to releasing piss-poor cover versions as singles .
the stranglers started going downhill when they took to [freeing] piss-poor cover versions as singles .

But Moose are weathering the cold winds of Indifference well , chiefly by releasing their best single yet ( ‘ Little Bird ’ ) and a debut album full of interesting moments .
but moose are weathering the cold winds of indifference well , chiefly by [freeing] their best single yet ( ‘ little bird ’ ) and a debut album full of interesting moments .

It is expressing and releasing the emotions that heals .
it is expressing and [freeing] the emotions that heals .

The sketches on pages 108 and 109 demonstrate two popular types , one with a spring-loaded hanger which is retained internally by a split pin anchor , the other with a pull-through which is not spring-loaded but comes right through the tube after releasing a bear squad in any multiple drop .
the sketches on pages 108 and 109 demonstrate two popular types , one with a spring-loaded hanger which is retained internally by a split pin anchor , the other with a pull-through which is not spring-loaded but comes right through the tube after [freeing] a bear squad in any multiple drop .

In June , it was n't getting dark till midnight , and we 'd be sitting about talking , not releasing what time it was , and going to bed at four in the morning when it was starting to get light again .
in june , it was n't getting dark till midnight , and we 'd be sitting about talking , not [freeing] what time it was , and going to bed at four in the morning when it was starting to get light again .

Although her brother , Bert , was now employed by a local fisherman , Arnold Spence , and could do no more than a few day 's work at Four Winds now and then , nevertheless her new arrangements left Harriet free to work outside herself and this regular exercise had a calming effect , releasing her from a great deal of inner tension .
although her brother , bert , was now employed by a local fisherman , arnold spence , and could do no more than a few day 's work at four winds now and then , nevertheless her new arrangements left harriet free to work outside herself and this regular exercise had a calming effect , [freeing] her from a great deal of inner tension .

By releasing it into the world , he relieved himself and taunted the fates to punish him .
by [freeing] it into the world , he relieved himself and taunted the fates to punish him .

From there , he lobbed the bottle to the tiled floor beneath the sink unit , where it smashed into pieces , releasing its contents to flow over the floor .
from there , he lobbed the bottle to the tiled floor beneath the sink unit , where it smashed into pieces , [freeing] its contents to flow over the floor .

Rhode Island-based Sunrise Software International , is releasing the latest version of ezX 3.2 , its flagship graphical user interface prototype productivity tool for Motif .
rhode island-based sunrise software international , is [freeing] the latest version of ezx 3.2 , its flagship graphical user interface prototype productivity tool for motif .

Itasca Systems Inc , Minneapolis , Minnesota , is releasing version 2.1 of its Itasca distributed Object Database Management System .
itasca systems inc , minneapolis , minnesota , is [freeing] version 2.1 of its itasca distributed object database management system .

Uniface Corp and Ingres in a joint venture , are releasing an Uniface built interface driver to access the latest release of Ingres 's 6.4 relational database management system .
uniface corp and ingres in a joint venture , are [freeing] an uniface built interface driver to access the latest release of ingres 's 6.4 relational database management system .

The females of most protogynous species spawn on the edge of the reef , releasing their eggs into the plankton , and seldom compete for spawning sites .
the females of most protogynous species spawn on the edge of the reef , [freeing] their eggs into the plankton , and seldom compete for spawning sites .

If you provoke anger in others in this way , part of the explanation is that it is possible to use provocation as a means of releasing your own tension by way of another person .
if you provoke anger in others in this way , part of the explanation is that it is possible to use provocation as a means of [freeing] your own tension by way of another person .

The free-running ratchet mechanism allow changes of direction to be made with finger and thumb , without releasing the handle .
the free-running ratchet mechanism allow changes of direction to be made with finger and thumb , without [freeing] the handle .

Blade changing is easy , with Allen key releasing set screw inside shoe
blade changing is easy , with allen key [freeing] set screw inside shoe

But be warned that some species react badly to a change of water chemistry , and a ‘ home quarantine tank in which the fish may be further conditioned and observed before releasing them into an established aquarium , is an asset .
but be warned that some species react badly to a change of water chemistry , and a ‘ home quarantine tank in which the fish may be further conditioned and observed before [freeing] them into an established aquarium , is an asset .

He is releasing an album of love songs , From Both Sides Now , on Monday to mark the happiest moments of his 12-year marriage to actress Gwen Humble .
he is [freeing] an album of love songs , from both sides now , on monday to mark the happiest moments of his 12-year marriage to actress gwen humble .

Des , whose singing is the butt of dozens of jokes , is releasing both a single and a 12-track album in time for the big buying season .
des , whose singing is the butt of dozens of jokes , is [freeing] both a single and a 12-track album in time for the big buying season .

The rearrangement of electrons among neighbouring atoms involves the transfer of ‘ chemical ’ energy , taking in or releasing heat ( as when carbon and oxygen combine to produce heat in a fire ) .
the rearrangement of electrons among neighbouring atoms involves the transfer of ‘ chemical ’ energy , taking in or [freeing] heat ( as when carbon and oxygen combine to produce heat in a fire ) .

In the presence of deuterium , for example , the proton fuses with the deuterium nucleus making helium-3 and releasing energy — but no neutron this time .
in the presence of deuterium , for example , the proton fuses with the deuterium nucleus making helium-3 and [freeing] energy — but no neutron this time .

This happens very quickly and the energy generated by the fusion can kick out the muon , releasing it to play its role as matchmaker again , acting as a ‘ catalyst ’ : hence ‘ muon catalysed fusion ’ was born .
this happens very quickly and the energy generated by the fusion can kick out the muon , [freeing] it to play its role as matchmaker again , acting as a ‘ catalyst ’ : hence ‘ muon catalysed fusion ’ was born .

These fuse together and then break apart , releasing energy in the motion of the products .
these fuse together and then break apart , [freeing] energy in the motion of the products .

Fleischmann was alluding to the strategic importance of lithium-6 , which is present as 7.5 per cent of all naturally occurring lithium and is an important ingredient in thermonuclear weapons as it can be cleft by neutrons to make tritium , the essential fuel , and can fuse with deuterium to make helium-4 , releasing energy in the form of gamma rays without accompanying neutrons .
fleischmann was alluding to the strategic importance of lithium-6 , which is present as 7.5 per cent of all naturally occurring lithium and is an important ingredient in thermonuclear weapons as it can be cleft by neutrons to make tritium , the essential fuel , and can fuse with deuterium to make helium-4 , [freeing] energy in the form of gamma rays without accompanying neutrons .

They were waiting for their target to pass , releasing the night-watch man from his stint of duty .
they were waiting for their target to pass , [freeing] the night-watch man from his stint of duty .

Not surprisingly , Sheffield Wednesday are reluctant even to consider releasing such a prolific scorer .
not surprisingly , sheffield wednesday are reluctant even to consider [freeing] such a prolific scorer .

There is no historical evidence for the custom of releasing a prisoner at festival time , although such an amnesty was possible .
there is no historical evidence for the custom of [freeing] a prisoner at festival time , although such an amnesty was possible .

When the crack is very shallow it is consuming more energy as surface energy than it is releasing as relaxed strain energy and therefore the conditions are energetically unfavourable for it to propagate .
when the crack is very shallow it is consuming more energy as surface energy than it is [freeing] as relaxed strain energy and therefore the conditions are energetically unfavourable for it to propagate .

Walker relies on his speed to the ball and the change of the back-pass law has exposed his weakness in releasing it constructively .
walker relies on his speed to the ball and the change of the back-pass law has exposed his weakness in [freeing] it constructively .

However , ‘ release ’ did not include any transaction which either consisted of , or amounted to , repayment of the loan if the transaction , when viewed in isolation , had the effect of releasing the debtor from the obligation to repay .
however , ‘ release ’ did not include any transaction which either consisted of , or amounted to , repayment of the loan if the transaction , when viewed in isolation , had the effect of [freeing] the debtor from the obligation to repay .

Lloyd 's is now releasing through its magazine , Limelight , financial figures for all the syndicates .
lloyd 's is now [freeing] through its magazine , limelight , financial figures for all the syndicates .

Later still he may train himself to eradicate the desire or aversion itself , releasing himself from one causally necessary condition of facing facts , so that the formula is no longer directly applicable ; but that will be in the service of other ends , and unless he can discover some new way of validating them these too will be spontaneous goals selected from the rest by thinking within the frame of the same formula .
later still he may train himself to eradicate the desire or aversion itself , [freeing] himself from one causally necessary condition of facing facts , so that the formula is no longer directly applicable ; but that will be in the service of other ends , and unless he can discover some new way of validating them these too will be spontaneous goals selected from the rest by thinking within the frame of the same formula .

Just ahead of each tank , there was a wheel operated valve for releasing water .
just ahead of each tank , there was a wheel operated valve for [freeing] water .

But there was no stopping Charlotte and Ruth realised , as the words poured out of her , that she was releasing the pent-up feelings of many months .
but there was no stopping charlotte and ruth realised , as the words poured out of her , that she was [freeing] the pent-up feelings of many months .

This emerged as the Treasury took the extraordinary step of releasing internal letters justifying its decision .
this emerged as the treasury took the extraordinary step of [freeing] internal letters justifying its decision .

The facts emerged as the Treasury took the extraordinary step of releasing internal letters in a bid to justify the decision .
the facts emerged as the treasury took the extraordinary step of [freeing] internal letters in a bid to justify the decision .

Midlands-based Sovereign Music was barred from releasing the album Lisa Stansfield In Session , pending a full hearing .
midlands-based sovereign music was barred from [freeing] the album lisa stansfield in session , pending a full hearing .

‘ The Prime Minister is guilty of releasing only part of the information , ’ he said .
‘ the prime minister is guilty of [freeing] only part of the information , ’ he said .

Judge Malachy Higgins , releasing Donnelly on continuing bail pending a trial date being fixed , told the accused that part of the bail conditions were that he must not attempt to see Janice Brothers , or speak to her or make any contact with her .
judge malachy higgins , [freeing] donnelly on continuing bail pending a trial date being fixed , told the accused that part of the bail conditions were that he must not attempt to see janice brothers , or speak to her or make any contact with her .

Additional evidence for the importance of mutation accumulation has come from experiments where artificial selection has proceeded by restricting breeding to young adults , releasing the late part of the life history from natural selection , an approach originally proposed by Edney and Gill .
additional evidence for the importance of mutation accumulation has come from experiments where artificial selection has proceeded by restricting breeding to young adults , [freeing] the late part of the life history from natural selection , an approach originally proposed by edney and gill .

Leon Panetta , Mr Clinton 's budget director , suggested that the president should delay releasing his health-care reforms because his economic plan was in trouble in Congress .
leon panetta , mr clinton 's budget director , suggested that the president should delay [freeing] his health-care reforms because his economic plan was in trouble in congress .

But countries like Russia and China are rather coy about releasing such details .
but countries like russia and china are rather coy about [freeing] such details .

Lace patterns : This is self descriptive and is used for lace patterns of all types , whether involving the transfer of garter/lace carriage , or lace created by releasing stitches from the back bed after every two rows .
lace patterns : this is self descriptive and is used for lace patterns of all types , whether involving the transfer of garter/lace carriage , or lace created by [freeing] stitches from the back bed after every two rows .

There also appears to have been a decline in the output of feminist writings on art , but Abrams will be releasing American Beauties : women in Art and Literature edited by Charles Sullivan ( £25 , $29.95 ) , which includes paintings , sculptures , drawings and other works of art from the National Museum of American Art , part of the Smithsonian Institution .
there also appears to have been a decline in the output of feminist writings on art , but abrams will be [freeing] american beauties : women in art and literature edited by charles sullivan ( £25 , $29.95 ) , which includes paintings , sculptures , drawings and other works of art from the national museum of american art , part of the smithsonian institution .

Alkaline explains : ‘ It 's an angry track , just releasing the tension inside about how things are going with British rap at the moment , and how we 're being treated as a rap group .
alkaline explains : ‘ it 's an angry track , just [freeing] the tension inside about how things are going with british rap at the moment , and how we 're being treated as a rap group .

Alex points to the ‘ anti-image ’ of their virtually anonymous stage shows and talks of releasing low-key dub albums in plain sleeves . But how quickly would the emperor 's old clothes fall from fashion when stripped of their conceptual trimmings ?
alex points to the ‘ anti-image ’ of their virtually anonymous stage shows and talks of [freeing] low-key dub albums in plain sleeves . but how quickly would the emperor 's old clothes fall from fashion when stripped of their conceptual trimmings ?

The Black and Ambers ' pack steamroller on as prop Malcolm Sibthorpe ( in possession ) holds up Bridgend before releasing scrum-half David Llewellyn .
the black and ambers ' pack steamroller on as prop malcolm sibthorpe ( in possession ) holds up bridgend before [freeing] scrum-half david llewellyn .

Just after releasing the torpedo five searchlights , two from the breakwaters and three from the Harbour were switched directly onto the aircraft .
just after [freeing] the torpedo five searchlights , two from the breakwaters and three from the harbour were switched directly onto the aircraft .

On occasions like these , friends of Burton reported , he would counter-attack by releasing his temper , tearing up the room and making it quite clear and genuinely credible that whatever they did , said or tried on he would do just whatever he wanted .
on occasions like these , friends of burton reported , he would counter-attack by [freeing] his temper , tearing up the room and making it quite clear and genuinely credible that whatever they did , said or tried on he would do just whatever he wanted .

Deism frees this bound-in monadic god by releasing him as an immanent but impersonal spirit .
deism frees this bound-in monadic god by [freeing] him as an immanent but impersonal spirit .

For a woman , releasing the creative process in herself is in fact a passive state .
for a woman , [freeing] the creative process in herself is in fact a passive state .

‘ Well , we ai n't letting 'er go , that 's for sure , ’ Forest told him , releasing his hold so that she crumpled to the floor .
‘ well , we ai n't letting 'er go , that 's for sure , ’ forest told him , [freeing] his hold so that she crumpled to the floor .

Holding the tablet with the thumb and first finger of your right hand , drop this as far back as possible in the dog s mouth , without releasing your grip on the jaws .
holding the tablet with the thumb and first finger of your right hand , drop this as far back as possible in the dog s mouth , without [freeing] your grip on the jaws .

Eventually the grille swung away from the iron chair , and the helmet from his head , releasing Lexandro .
eventually the grille swung away from the iron chair , and the helmet from his head , [freeing] lexandro .

He went to it at once , looking for a catch , a way of releasing it , but there was nothing .
he went to it at once , looking for a catch , a way of [freeing] it , but there was nothing .

Only when she had finished did she go to the door again and , releasing the bottom catch , go out into the rose garden .
only when she had finished did she go to the door again and , [freeing] the bottom catch , go out into the rose garden .

She wound the bracket clock on the letter table in the hall , the marble mantel clock in the serious chill of the ballroom , catching the pendulum , releasing it , listening for the rhythm of ticks stuttering into the vastness .
she wound the bracket clock on the letter table in the hall , the marble mantel clock in the serious chill of the ballroom , catching the pendulum , [freeing] it , listening for the rhythm of ticks stuttering into the vastness .

This can be accomplished by wisely releasing the creative potential of individual employees and empowering them to contribute to the goals of the corporation .
this can be accomplished by wisely [freeing] the creative potential of individual employees and empowering them to contribute to the goals of the corporation .

This personalized process aims at releasing human potential in a way that will benefit the corporation .
this personalized process aims at [freeing] human potential in a way that will benefit the corporation .

As stated earlier these strategies are defined as ‘ activating forces within the system to alter the system ’ , and they involve either improving the problem-solving capabilities of the system , or releasing and fostering growth in the persons who make up the system to be changed .
as stated earlier these strategies are defined as ‘ activating forces within the system to alter the system ’ , and they involve either improving the problem-solving capabilities of the system , or [freeing] and fostering growth in the persons who make up the system to be changed .

Some moths take their defence a stage further by releasing a pyrozine froth from their abdomen to deter attackers .
some moths take their defence a stage further by [freeing] a pyrozine froth from their abdomen to deter attackers .

If a springbok or pronghorn antelope detects a hunting cheetah , it jumps up , releasing alarm chemicals from glands on its back into the air .
if a springbok or pronghorn antelope detects a hunting cheetah , it jumps up , [freeing] alarm chemicals from glands on its back into the air .

As November approaches , the end part of its body starts to swell until , on the night of the full moon , it breaks off and explodes , releasing eggs or sperm .
as november approaches , the end part of its body starts to swell until , on the night of the full moon , it breaks off and explodes , [freeing] eggs or sperm .

Permanently attached to their stony home , the living polyps reproduce sexually by releasing eggs or sperm into the sea .
permanently attached to their stony home , the living polyps reproduce sexually by [freeing] eggs or sperm into the sea .

On a warm , sunny day , when the bees and butterflies are working amongst the flowers , and your fingers are releasing the aromatic oils into the atmosphere , tranquillity and contentment unavoidably seep into one 's outlook .
on a warm , sunny day , when the bees and butterflies are working amongst the flowers , and your fingers are [freeing] the aromatic oils into the atmosphere , tranquillity and contentment unavoidably seep into one 's outlook .

This simply involves marking out a small area , collecting and marking all the dogwhelks within it , releasing them again into the same area .
this simply involves marking out a small area , collecting and marking all the dogwhelks within it , [freeing] them again into the same area .

As well as not functioning in a submersed situation , dying cells , releasing adverse substances will pollute the water .
as well as not functioning in a submersed situation , dying cells , [freeing] adverse substances will pollute the water .

If danger is sensed air can be expelled from the lung , and the snail , releasing any grip on an object , drops to the bottom , its operculum closing the shell .
if danger is sensed air can be expelled from the lung , and the snail , [freeing] any grip on an object , drops to the bottom , its operculum closing the shell .

But we began the year by releasing Networking International , a one-off information publication in collaboration with the Women in Arts Project at the Arts Council .
but we began the year by [freeing] networking international , a one-off information publication in collaboration with the women in arts project at the arts council .

‘ Fine little family , ’ he said , releasing them .
‘ fine little family , ’ he said , [freeing] them .

There had been a series of rumours about accidents : pods which malfunctioned on impact , leaving their passengers trapped and helpless ; pods which misinterpreted conditions of temperature and air pressure , releasing their human cargo while they were still several kilometres above ground .
there had been a series of rumours about accidents : pods which malfunctioned on impact , leaving their passengers trapped and helpless ; pods which misinterpreted conditions of temperature and air pressure , [freeing] their human cargo while they were still several kilometres above ground .

She felt his other hand cupping her head and , releasing his finger , she leaned forward until she lay against his chest .
she felt his other hand cupping her head and , [freeing] his finger , she leaned forward until she lay against his chest .

Minima found after releasing constraints on ε are indicated by stars .
minima found after [freeing] constraints on ε are indicated by stars .

It has long been accepted that people make jokes about what frightens them and that groups who feel oppressed use humour as a way of releasing negative feelings to those in power .
it has long been accepted that people make jokes about what frightens them and that groups who feel oppressed use humour as a way of [freeing] negative feelings to those in power .

While women use them as a way of releasing tension , frustration , and rage they will have the illusion of doing something while nothing changes .
while women use them as a way of [freeing] tension , frustration , and rage they will have the illusion of doing something while nothing changes .

On the opening page a woman lifts the lid of a soup tureen , releasing a cloud of steam in which unfurls all the ingredients in the soup .
on the opening page a woman lifts the lid of a soup tureen , [freeing] a cloud of steam in which unfurls all the ingredients in the soup .

In June a papal bull releasing from their oaths those who had sworn to destroy the Despensers was published — in Latin , French and English — in cathedrals , churches and other public places throughout the land , on Sundays , feasts and other days .
in june a papal bull [freeing] from their oaths those who had sworn to destroy the despensers was published — in latin , french and english — in cathedrals , churches and other public places throughout the land , on sundays , feasts and other days .

The hole was expanding , slowly at first , and then suddenly releasing Defries , who fell to the floor of the corridor with a shriek of pain .
the hole was expanding , slowly at first , and then suddenly [freeing] defries , who fell to the floor of the corridor with a shriek of pain .

As to offending royalty , or a significant swathe of popular opinion in releasing ‘ God Save the Queen ’ , Virgin were strictly neutral — ‘ Like publishers .
as to offending royalty , or a significant swathe of popular opinion in [freeing] ‘ god save the queen ’ , virgin were strictly neutral — ‘ like publishers .

Presumably this provision had the effect of discouraging the Secretary of State from releasing a convicted murderer on licence at a date earlier than the judiciary thought appropriate .
presumably this provision had the effect of discouraging the secretary of state from [freeing] a convicted murderer on licence at a date earlier than the judiciary thought appropriate .

Landlord and Tenant — Covenant — Release by accord and satisfaction — Assignees covenanting directly with landlord to perform covenants — Landlord releasing defaulting occupying assignee from all liabilities in return for immediate surrender of lease and goods — Whether release by accord and satisfaction — Whether operating as release of intermediate assignee from obligations under direct covenant
landlord and tenant — covenant — release by accord and satisfaction — assignees covenanting directly with landlord to perform covenants — landlord [freeing] defaulting occupying assignee from all liabilities in return for immediate surrender of lease and goods — whether release by accord and satisfaction — whether operating as release of intermediate assignee from obligations under direct covenant

Although the plaintiffs in that case had reached a compromise with the assignee and the surety , it specifically did not involve releasing the assignee from the liability to pay the arrears of rent .
although the plaintiffs in that case had reached a compromise with the assignee and the surety , it specifically did not involve [freeing] the assignee from the liability to pay the arrears of rent .

On closer inspection , you 'll find that the lichen is organised into an outer ring of lobed segments surrounding an inner patch on the surface which develop low cup-like structures for releasing spores .
on closer inspection , you 'll find that the lichen is organised into an outer ring of lobed segments surrounding an inner patch on the surface which develop low cup-like structures for [freeing] spores .

This training , quite different from the acquisition of knowledge , skill and technique which makes up education today , will be directed towards the understanding of one 's self and releasing the unique potential of each person .
this training , quite different from the acquisition of knowledge , skill and technique which makes up education today , will be directed towards the understanding of one 's self and [freeing] the unique potential of each person .

The change-manager will no doubt contemplate the required strategy before releasing his ( or her ) proposals , just as Quinn would suggest , but he will still need to be adept at riding the waves of change .
the change-manager will no doubt contemplate the required strategy before [freeing] his ( or her ) proposals , just as quinn would suggest , but he will still need to be adept at riding the waves of change .

Blinking indignantly , she pushed against him , but instead of releasing her he bent and kissed her .
blinking indignantly , she pushed against him , but instead of [freeing] her he bent and kissed her .

He had taken Nocenzi 's hand , denying him , but Nocenzi had insisted , squeezing his hand weakly , not releasing it until the T'ang accepted his resignation .
he had taken nocenzi 's hand , denying him , but nocenzi had insisted , squeezing his hand weakly , not [freeing] it until the t'ang accepted his resignation .

At once they moved back , releasing him , but stayed close enough to catch him if he fell .
at once they moved back , [freeing] him , but stayed close enough to catch him if he fell .

Particularly noticeable in some Swedish lakes , with pH below 6 , is the expansion of the moss Sphagnum , which covers the lake bottom , displacing other plant life and further increasing lake acidity by removing base materials such as calcium from solution and releasing hydrogen ( figure 4.16 ) .
particularly noticeable in some swedish lakes , with ph below 6 , is the expansion of the moss sphagnum , which covers the lake bottom , displacing other plant life and further increasing lake acidity by removing base materials such as calcium from solution and [freeing] hydrogen ( figure 4.16 ) .

Excessive amounts of hydrogen cations introduced into the soil by acid precipitation may exchange for these heavy-metal cations , thereby releasing the metals into the soil and into watercourses ( Babich et al .
excessive amounts of hydrogen cations introduced into the soil by acid precipitation may exchange for these heavy-metal cations , thereby [freeing] the metals into the soil and into watercourses ( babich et al .

However , although it is the ideal course of action for John — allowing him to take advantage of some of the excellent schemes around at the moment as well as releasing cash that has been building up in his home over the years — he should look out for excessive costs that a remortgage can incur .
however , although it is the ideal course of action for john — allowing him to take advantage of some of the excellent schemes around at the moment as well as [freeing] cash that has been building up in his home over the years — he should look out for excessive costs that a remortgage can incur .

You should work towards establishing the moment at which the hands start releasing in the downswing , while at the same time keeping your swing objectives uppermost in your mind .
you should work towards establishing the moment at which the hands start [freeing] in the downswing , while at the same time keeping your swing objectives uppermost in your mind .

As for the man who is hitting too late as an involuntary natural action , the usual causes are a steep start to his backswing , turning into the shot too soon — usually caused by slogging , swaying to the left during the downswing , a stiff-wristed action , and not releasing the clubhead soon enough — with hands arriving forward of the ball .
as for the man who is hitting too late as an involuntary natural action , the usual causes are a steep start to his backswing , turning into the shot too soon — usually caused by slogging , swaying to the left during the downswing , a stiff-wristed action , and not [freeing] the clubhead soon enough — with hands arriving forward of the ball .

As part of the new financing arrangements , the first plaintiffs and some of the shareholders signed a document releasing all claims .
as part of the new financing arrangements , the first plaintiffs and some of the shareholders signed a document [freeing] all claims .

It 's all to do with tensing and releasing muscles in order to tone your body .
it 's all to do with tensing and [freeing] muscles in order to tone your body .

He stood back , releasing her .
he stood back , [freeing] her .

Some forms of psychotherapy are based on the work of Reich , an analyst who gave up ‘ talking ’ therapy because he saw the possibility of releasing emotional tension locked into the body , and making faster contact with the sources of conflict that cause pain and distress .
some forms of psychotherapy are based on the work of reich , an analyst who gave up ‘ talking ’ therapy because he saw the possibility of [freeing] emotional tension locked into the body , and making faster contact with the sources of conflict that cause pain and distress .

‘ We might make the odd administrative error , Detective Inspector , but releasing the wrong men does n't usually fall into that category .
‘ we might make the odd administrative error , detective inspector , but [freeing] the wrong men does n't usually fall into that category .

An overhaul of the tax system along the lines suggested would make collection cleaner and more administratively efficient , costing less than 1% of receipts and probably releasing many non- productive industries , thereby increasing our national productive potential .
an overhaul of the tax system along the lines suggested would make collection cleaner and more administratively efficient , costing less than 1% of receipts and probably [freeing] many non- productive industries , thereby increasing our national productive potential .

Just as forbearance on the part of workers would be asked for when real effort was made in creating jobs for them , so too would the landowners have to contribute , by releasing the land for needed facilities designed for the national good .
just as forbearance on the part of workers would be asked for when real effort was made in creating jobs for them , so too would the landowners have to contribute , by [freeing] the land for needed facilities designed for the national good .

He must have become a fairly senior member of his own company , since he was one of the receiving trustees of Painter-Stainers ' Hall in 1580 , and one of those releasing the hall to others in 1605 .
he must have become a fairly senior member of his own company , since he was one of the receiving trustees of painter-stainers ' hall in 1580 , and one of those [freeing] the hall to others in 1605 .

His work included investigations into the effect of gonadal hormones on sexual differentiation of the brain during neonatal life , and into the isolation of hypothalamic releasing factors .
his work included investigations into the effect of gonadal hormones on sexual differentiation of the brain during neonatal life , and into the isolation of hypothalamic [freeing] factors .

She was torn between a desire to hurt him , by releasing the hate and resentment which had been steadily accumulating inside her ever since he had casually annexed her mind and body , and a craven reluctance to precipitate their separation .
she was torn between a desire to hurt him , by [freeing] the hate and resentment which had been steadily accumulating inside her ever since he had casually annexed her mind and body , and a craven reluctance to precipitate their separation .

He gave her hand an extra squeeze before releasing it .
he gave her hand an extra squeeze before [freeing] it .

At a number of North-Eastern stations a porter would spend half an hour every Saturday or Sunday releasing pigeons from individual baskets , according to the instructions on the label .
at a number of north-eastern stations a porter would spend half an hour every saturday or sunday [freeing] pigeons from individual baskets , according to the instructions on the label .

The Turkistan-Siberian ( or Turksib ) line was built between 1928 and 1931 so that the grain of Western Siberia could be exchanged for the cotton of Central Asia , releasing the Central Asian cotton-growers from the need for food production .
the turkistan-siberian ( or turksib ) line was built between 1928 and 1931 so that the grain of western siberia could be exchanged for the cotton of central asia , [freeing] the central asian cotton-growers from the need for food production .

As the music sobbed and sighed to a conclusion , she breathed upon both the bottle-neck and the opening of the net , gradually releasing the tension on the cords as she did so .
as the music sobbed and sighed to a conclusion , she breathed upon both the bottle-neck and the opening of the net , gradually [freeing] the tension on the cords as she did so .

Streicher has abandoned the softness of the other Viennese instruments , with their too delicate touch and bouncing rolling action , and on Beethoven 's advice and request has given his instruments a more resisting touch … so that the virtuoso … has more control … in the striking and releasing .
streicher has abandoned the softness of the other viennese instruments , with their too delicate touch and bouncing rolling action , and on beethoven 's advice and request has given his instruments a more resisting touch … so that the virtuoso … has more control … in the striking and [freeing] .

The deaths can not be medically accounted for and environmentalists fear that costal erosion could be releasing buried poisons from the site .
the deaths can not be medically accounted for and environmentalists fear that costal erosion could be [freeing] buried poisons from the site .

Clause 8.1.1 is so worded to circumvent the problem by which any time given by a creditor to a debtor could have the effect of releasing the guarantor from its obligations .
clause 8.1.1 is so worded to circumvent the problem by which any time given by a creditor to a debtor could have the effect of [freeing] the guarantor from its obligations .

The latter part of this subclause is inserted to try to avoid the difficulty that could arise where a landlord declines to accept rent in order not to waive a breach of covenant by the tenant , which it has been suggested could have a similar effect of releasing the guarantor , but this is not certain .
the latter part of this subclause is inserted to try to avoid the difficulty that could arise where a landlord declines to accept rent in order not to waive a breach of covenant by the tenant , which it has been suggested could have a similar effect of [freeing] the guarantor , but this is not certain .

There was a long pause , a violence of conflicting emotions at war within her . Her right hand tingled to smack his arrogant face , but she remembered her drama coach 's advice , consciously releasing her tension in a long , draining breath ; then she said as clearly and cuttingly as she could , ‘ Whatever has Peter done to deserve a rat like you for a brother ? He 's the dearest , sweetest boy who — ’
there was a long pause , a violence of conflicting emotions at war within her . her right hand tingled to smack his arrogant face , but she remembered her drama coach 's advice , consciously [freeing] her tension in a long , draining breath ; then she said as clearly and cuttingly as she could , ‘ whatever has peter done to deserve a rat like you for a brother ? he 's the dearest , sweetest boy who — ’

‘ Hot , ’ he judged , releasing her a little .
‘ hot , ’ he judged , [freeing] her a little .

’ She meant that , once she had talked him into releasing her from this crazy engagement , she would be free to take up her own life once more .
’ she meant that , once she had talked him into [freeing] her from this crazy engagement , she would be free to take up her own life once more .

She followed , taking several deep breaths , releasing them shakily .
she followed , taking several deep breaths , [freeing] them shakily .

But instead of releasing it he began to kiss each finger in turn until he came to the pale circle on the third finger of her left hand .
but instead of [freeing] it he began to kiss each finger in turn until he came to the pale circle on the third finger of her left hand .

He 'd lit a bonfire beneath her , releasing in her all sorts of wild emotions that she had never , even fleetingly , experienced before .
he 'd lit a bonfire beneath her , [freeing] in her all sorts of wild emotions that she had never , even fleetingly , experienced before .

Strictly , as far as unregistered conveyancing is concerned , there is no need for the mortgagee to be a party to the conveyance if it is not releasing the husband from liability .
strictly , as far as unregistered conveyancing is concerned , there is no need for the mortgagee to be a party to the conveyance if it is not [freeing] the husband from liability .

It is not necessary for the building society to be joined as a party to a registered land transfer where it is only receiving the benefit of a covenant to observe and perform the terms of the mortgage by the wife ( and not releasing the husband ) because it can enforce the covenant without being a party ( Chelsea and Walham Green Building Society v Armstrong [ 1951 ] Ch 853 ) .
it is not necessary for the building society to be joined as a party to a registered land transfer where it is only receiving the benefit of a covenant to observe and perform the terms of the mortgage by the wife ( and not [freeing] the husband ) because it can enforce the covenant without being a party ( chelsea and walham green building society v armstrong [ 1951 ] ch 853 ) .

Swiftly Rachel and Nina moved from person to person , releasing seatbelts , offering reassurance and assessing injuries .
swiftly rachel and nina moved from person to person , [freeing] seatbelts , offering reassurance and assessing injuries .

When an old issue of bonds is approaching maturity , the Bank of England will probably enter the market to buy them back over a number of weeks or months , rather than waiting to the maturity date and then suddenly releasing a large amount of liquidity into the economy .
when an old issue of bonds is approaching maturity , the bank of england will probably enter the market to buy them back over a number of weeks or months , rather than waiting to the maturity date and then suddenly [freeing] a large amount of liquidity into the economy .

Releasing special deposits allows banks to create more credit .
[freeing] special deposits allows banks to create more credit .

When forest is cut in Amazonia , cations from the burn de-acidify the soil , releasing phosphorus from iron and aluminium compounds , but leaching rapidly removes the cations , only 18 % of the standing crop potassium remaining after 3 years , while in crops only 3 % of the nitrogen was incorporated ( only 1 % in the edible parts ) , 12 % of the calcium ( 1 % in edible parts ) 24 % , potassium ( 4 % in edible parts ) and 5 % of the phosphorus ( 1 % in the edible parts ) .
when forest is cut in amazonia , cations from the burn de-acidify the soil , [freeing] phosphorus from iron and aluminium compounds , but leaching rapidly removes the cations , only 18 % of the standing crop potassium remaining after 3 years , while in crops only 3 % of the nitrogen was incorporated ( only 1 % in the edible parts ) , 12 % of the calcium ( 1 % in edible parts ) 24 % , potassium ( 4 % in edible parts ) and 5 % of the phosphorus ( 1 % in the edible parts ) .

‘ He ca n't have been much fun to live with ; his wife would n't necessarily have been heartbroken , ’ Guy commented drily , finally releasing her and going in search of a large box of tissues . ‘ Did you tell the police what happened ? ’
‘ he ca n't have been much fun to live with ; his wife would n't necessarily have been heartbroken , ’ guy commented drily , finally [freeing] her and going in search of a large box of tissues . ‘ did you tell the police what happened ? ’

Abruptly releasing her , Guy strode down to answer it .
abruptly [freeing] her , guy strode down to answer it .

Next morning Mr Jarvis rang to tell them of the pleasure he and his daughter with her little friend had had when releasing the squirrel .
next morning mr jarvis rang to tell them of the pleasure he and his daughter with her little friend had had when [freeing] the squirrel .

Then releasing her , he turned away .
then [freeing] her , he turned away .

Releasing herself from his arms , Sophie said drily , ‘ The career Dawn wants is that of a veterinary surgeon 's wife .
[freeing] herself from his arms , sophie said drily , ‘ the career dawn wants is that of a veterinary surgeon 's wife .

Releasing her arms , he stepped back and , head on one side , surveyed her with guileless appreciation .
[freeing] her arms , he stepped back and , head on one side , surveyed her with guileless appreciation .

’ He sat back , releasing her hand .
’ he sat back , [freeing] her hand .

They drove back to the farmhouse in total silence , Rory too confused and unhappy to utter a single word , knowing too well that if she did , the floodgates on her feelings would open , releasing a veritable tidal wave .
they drove back to the farmhouse in total silence , rory too confused and unhappy to utter a single word , knowing too well that if she did , the floodgates on her feelings would open , [freeing] a veritable tidal wave .

Kathleen was just releasing the cuff .
kathleen was just [freeing] the cuff .

By the same token he gave her hand a reassuring squeeze before releasing it .
by the same token he gave her hand a reassuring squeeze before [freeing] it .

Releasing her , he stepped back , eyes scanning the small tract of land .
[freeing] her , he stepped back , eyes scanning the small tract of land .

‘ Anything to oblige a lady , ’ he responded , releasing the zip .
‘ anything to oblige a lady , ’ he responded , [freeing] the zip .

Releasing her , Travis took a step away .
[freeing] her , travis took a step away .

Releasing her shoulders , he took a firm grip on her arm and began steering her towards the steps down to the lawn .
[freeing] her shoulders , he took a firm grip on her arm and began steering her towards the steps down to the lawn .

Transfer to a more permanent medium is not without penalty despite its promise of releasing Sisyphus from his fate in the copying room .
transfer to a more permanent medium is not without penalty despite its promise of [freeing] sisyphus from his fate in the copying room .

The reasons for this puzzling association of money wage changes and real-wage changes in classical theory are not altogether clear , though we speculated in Chapter 2 that the influence of the quantity theory of money probably played an important part since it anchored the price level to the quantity of money in circulation , releasing the money-wage bargain to determine real wages .
the reasons for this puzzling association of money wage changes and real-wage changes in classical theory are not altogether clear , though we speculated in chapter 2 that the influence of the quantity theory of money probably played an important part since it anchored the price level to the quantity of money in circulation , [freeing] the money-wage bargain to determine real wages .

In an effort to renew the population , Russian conservationists are releasing 11 captive-bred chicks along the Ob .
in an effort to renew the population , russian conservationists are [freeing] 11 captive-bred chicks along the ob .

The reservoir would have submerged cedar forests and rapids which attract 10,000 tourists a year , while releasing mercury from submerged ores .
the reservoir would have submerged cedar forests and rapids which attract 10,000 tourists a year , while [freeing] mercury from submerged ores .

The commission is concerned about the possible risks associated with releasing genetically altered organisms into the environment .
the commission is concerned about the possible risks associated with [freeing] genetically altered organisms into the environment .

Instead of acting as some source of `` alternative expertise `` , projects have been run by union committees and have involved releasing both workers representatives and specialists to produce specifications for new technology and associated systems .
instead of acting as some source of `` alternative expertise `` , projects have been run by union committees and have involved [freeing] both workers representatives and specialists to produce specifications for new technology and associated systems .

The only real answer she provides is the joke-capping session itself , which then forms the topic of the rest of the chapter ; but more could be said , for example , on the functions of joke-telling ( for breaking down taboos , reassuring , releasing tension , passing the time , indirect criticising , etc ) ; and on the relation of joke-telling to questions of `` power `` and `` solidarity `` .
the only real answer she provides is the joke-capping session itself , which then forms the topic of the rest of the chapter ; but more could be said , for example , on the functions of joke-telling ( for breaking down taboos , reassuring , [freeing] tension , passing the time , indirect criticising , etc ) ; and on the relation of joke-telling to questions of `` power `` and `` solidarity `` .

Jellyfish reproduce by releasing eggs and sperm into the sea .
jellyfish reproduce by [freeing] eggs and sperm into the sea .

But many of the fertilised eggs remain buried deep among the sand grains where they will stay for a month until , once more , high water reaches this part of the beach , stirring the sand , releasing the larvae to swim freely in the sea .
but many of the fertilised eggs remain buried deep among the sand grains where they will stay for a month until , once more , high water reaches this part of the beach , stirring the sand , [freeing] the larvae to swim freely in the sea .

Can you eliminate some of the administration — or pass it on to the administrators — thereby releasing your time for more profitable activities ?
can you eliminate some of the administration — or pass it on to the administrators — thereby [freeing] your time for more profitable activities ?

To backhead the ball , press the fire button and move the joystick backwards then forwards before releasing the fire button .
to backhead the ball , press the fire button and move the joystick backwards then forwards before [freeing] the fire button .

This is achieved by holding down the fire button until the meter below the energy bar reaches maximum , then releasing it at the right moment .
this is achieved by holding down the fire button until the meter below the energy bar reaches maximum , then [freeing] it at the right moment .

By learning to produce muscular tension through tensing exercises and then releasing this tension , you will gradually find it is possible to release the physical tension from everyday stress in the same way , letting go .
by learning to produce muscular tension through tensing exercises and then [freeing] this tension , you will gradually find it is possible to release the physical tension from everyday stress in the same way , letting go .

On releasing this tension two things will happen .
on [freeing] this tension two things will happen .

Exercise provides a way of releasing a great deal of the muscle tension , and general physical arousal ( adrenalin ) accumulated in the body 's response to stress .
exercise provides a way of [freeing] a great deal of the muscle tension , and general physical arousal ( adrenalin ) accumulated in the body 's response to stress .

The Data Protection Act forbids us releasing names and addresses of members without their permission .
the data protection act forbids us [freeing] names and addresses of members without their permission .

The rapid rate of mechanization from the 1960s was particularly important in releasing male labour , and only a small proportion of farmers ' sons now expect to follow their fathers on the land .
the rapid rate of mechanization from the 1960s was particularly important in [freeing] male labour , and only a small proportion of farmers ' sons now expect to follow their fathers on the land .

Also null and void is any stipulation releasing a partner from playing an active role in running the business .
also null and void is any stipulation [freeing] a partner from playing an active role in running the business .

The Hypothalamus ( floor of the forebrain ) produces two Releasing Hormones .
the hypothalamus ( floor of the forebrain ) produces two [freeing] hormones .

Or at home , when there is an unresolved issue distorting a relationship , a good row can clear the air , releasing tension and allowing the couple to deal with their differences .
or at home , when there is an unresolved issue distorting a relationship , a good row can clear the air , [freeing] tension and allowing the couple to deal with their differences .

If one group does win the competition , that group remains cohesive , releasing tension through playful activities , and remains highly cooperative ( although it may also become complacent ) .
if one group does win the competition , that group remains cohesive , [freeing] tension through playful activities , and remains highly cooperative ( although it may also become complacent ) .

In the event , no effort was needed : the early years of the Great War caused great damage to the Edinburgh printing trade , with several firms going out of business , others laying off workers or releasing them for other jobs since trade was so poor .
in the event , no effort was needed : the early years of the great war caused great damage to the edinburgh printing trade , with several firms going out of business , others laying off workers or [freeing] them for other jobs since trade was so poor .

The Golden Horde will not after all be releasing that ‘ difficult ’ first album .
the golden horde will not after all be [freeing] that ‘ difficult ’ first album .

The Boots Electric Mosquito Killer , £6.25 , works by releasing an odour fatal to mosquitos — just plug in the machine and insert a tablet .
the boots electric mosquito killer , £6.25 , works by [freeing] an odour fatal to mosquitos — just plug in the machine and insert a tablet .

Officially the reasons for selling home shopping is to focus the group on the pools and the high street , while releasing capital to fund expansion .
officially the reasons for selling home shopping is to focus the group on the pools and the high street , while [freeing] capital to fund expansion .

In the two sea-stories it is an important clue to character as well as a way of releasing tension .
in the two sea-stories it is an important clue to character as well as a way of [freeing] tension .

It was a profound release of tension and in some hazy way gave her a sense of control over herself and a means of releasing the anger she felt .
it was a profound release of tension and in some hazy way gave her a sense of control over herself and a means of [freeing] the anger she felt .

Insider dealing , however , not only provides firms with a cost effective way of releasing news to the market , it also provides a speedy and efficient means by which the markets can integrate new information into the price of a security ( the ‘ market speed argument ’ ) and helps smooth out fluctuations in stock market prices ( the ‘ market smoothness argument ’ ) .
insider dealing , however , not only provides firms with a cost effective way of [freeing] news to the market , it also provides a speedy and efficient means by which the markets can integrate new information into the price of a security ( the ‘ market speed argument ’ ) and helps smooth out fluctuations in stock market prices ( the ‘ market smoothness argument ’ ) .

Loosened by the heavy rainstorm of the previous day , armchair-sized boulders fell nearly 3,000 feet and crashed into the path , releasing an intense , sulphurous odour .
loosened by the heavy rainstorm of the previous day , armchair-sized boulders fell nearly 3,000 feet and crashed into the path , [freeing] an intense , sulphurous odour .

Sulphide ores tend to oxidise in aerobic conditions , consuming oxygen and releasing carbon dioxide .
sulphide ores tend to oxidise in aerobic conditions , consuming oxygen and [freeing] carbon dioxide .

He would probably try releasing Osman even if he gave no outward sign of acquiescence .
he would probably try [freeing] osman even if he gave no outward sign of acquiescence .

Additionally , this waste is a potential source of pollution when it degrades , releasing undesirable chemicals into the soil and air .
additionally , this waste is a potential source of pollution when it degrades , [freeing] undesirable chemicals into the soil and air .

Transnational corporations , transnational capitalist classes and the culture-ideology of consumerism are all seen as evil attempts to undermine the freedom and cultural autonomy of weak and poor victims , or the only true paths to development and the only reliable vehicles for releasing the poor from their misery .
transnational corporations , transnational capitalist classes and the culture-ideology of consumerism are all seen as evil attempts to undermine the freedom and cultural autonomy of weak and poor victims , or the only true paths to development and the only reliable vehicles for [freeing] the poor from their misery .

Gastrin releasing peptide was purchased from Cambridge Research Biochemicals ( Cheshire , England ) in 0.5 mg aliquots .
gastrin [freeing] peptide was purchased from cambridge research biochemicals ( cheshire , england ) in 0.5 mg aliquots .

Basal acid output was calculated by taking the mean of all three 15 minute samples before gastrin releasing peptide infusion .
basal acid output was calculated by taking the mean of all three 15 minute samples before gastrin [freeing] peptide infusion .

Acid and pepsin outputs for each gastrin releasing peptide infusion rate were calculated by taking the mean of the second and third 15 minute collections .
acid and pepsin outputs for each gastrin [freeing] peptide infusion rate were calculated by taking the mean of the second and third 15 minute collections .

The pepsin response to gastrin releasing peptide showed the same pattern as the acid response at each infusion rate of gastrin releasing peptide .
the pepsin response to gastrin [freeing] peptide showed the same pattern as the acid response at each infusion rate of gastrin [freeing] peptide .

The differences between the groups , however , were most evident at the gastrin releasing peptide infusion rate of 100 pmol/kg/h ( Fig 4 ) .
the differences between the groups , however , were most evident at the gastrin [freeing] peptide infusion rate of 100 pmol/kg/h ( fig 4 ) .

Water can be placed in a burette and the fresh air can be collected displacing the water by removing the stopper and releasing the tap .
water can be placed in a burette and the fresh air can be collected displacing the water by removing the stopper and [freeing] the tap .

It is then cooked until it becomes gelatinous , releasing the starch from its tough coating .
it is then cooked until it becomes gelatinous , [freeing] the starch from its tough coating .

New driers worth £150,000 will replace old ones on parts of the backing plant , shortening the length and releasing space for a new inspection table .
new driers worth £150,000 will replace old ones on parts of the backing plant , shortening the length and [freeing] space for a new inspection table .

Scientific fears are based mainly on suggested risks which might arise from releasing new organisms into the environment , whether they are plants , animals , bacteria or viruses .
scientific fears are based mainly on suggested risks which might arise from [freeing] new organisms into the environment , whether they are plants , animals , bacteria or viruses .

Around the time of the anniversary , the Chinese authorities sought to demonstrate what Prime Minister Li Peng described on June 7 as a more lenient policy towards those involved in the `` turbulence `` , releasing from detention a number of pro-democracy activists arrested in the aftermath of the June 1989 massacre .
around the time of the anniversary , the chinese authorities sought to demonstrate what prime minister li peng described on june 7 as a more lenient policy towards those involved in the `` turbulence `` , [freeing] from detention a number of pro-democracy activists arrested in the aftermath of the june 1989 massacre .

Releasing knowledge slowly not only enhances the drama , it also increases the likelihood that the children will want to get involved in research .
[freeing] knowledge slowly not only enhances the drama , it also increases the likelihood that the children will want to get involved in research .

It is this essentially dynamic experience — energy releasing energy , which gives medieval Christian mysticism its special characteristics , many of which were directly derived from the teaching of St Augustine ( fifth century ) , the most seminal figure in the West for orthodox mystical theology .
it is this essentially dynamic experience — energy [freeing] energy , which gives medieval christian mysticism its special characteristics , many of which were directly derived from the teaching of st augustine ( fifth century ) , the most seminal figure in the west for orthodox mystical theology .

Consider releasing more information at this stage .
consider [freeing] more information at this stage .

The procedures adopted in making and releasing subjective provisions , for example a general bad debt reserve .
the procedures adopted in making and [freeing] subjective provisions , for example a general bad debt reserve .

She got up , pulling back the bedclothes and releasing the blinds on both windows .
she got up , pulling back the bedclothes and [freeing] the blinds on both windows .

Something seemed to open or to expand in her brain , releasing a cold voice which she had never heard there before , telling her that if he cheated her she might just as well kill him .
something seemed to open or to expand in her brain , [freeing] a cold voice which she had never heard there before , telling her that if he cheated her she might just as well kill him .

Authors in countries around the world are constantly releasing software for business and pleasure use .
authors in countries around the world are constantly [freeing] software for business and pleasure use .

The NeXT Computer company , headed by Steve Jobs ( co-designer of the Apple Macintosh ) , are releasing NeXTSTEP 486 , an object-oriented system that gives complete software data compatibility , unlimited multitasking both locally and across a network , and allows you to create custom applications on your desktop .
the next computer company , headed by steve jobs ( co-designer of the apple macintosh ) , are [freeing] nextstep 486 , an object-oriented system that gives complete software data compatibility , unlimited multitasking both locally and across a network , and allows you to create custom applications on your desktop .

Authors in countries around the world are constantly releasing software for business and pleasure use .
authors in countries around the world are constantly [freeing] software for business and pleasure use .

Releasing her , he said , ‘ For someone who 's supposedly about to breathe her last , you appear to have an awful lot to say for yourself .
[freeing] her , he said , ‘ for someone who 's supposedly about to breathe her last , you appear to have an awful lot to say for yourself .

Releasing her wrist briefly , he tugged apart the edges of her robe and stared down at her nakedness .
[freeing] her wrist briefly , he tugged apart the edges of her robe and stared down at her nakedness .

It did n't budge , but the lid creaked open , releasing the dead thief .
it did n't budge , but the lid creaked open , [freeing] the dead thief .

That did not solve the problem of those places on the disc which , during the wars , had suffered a direct hit by a spell . The magic faded away — slowly , over the millenia , releasing as it decayed myriads of sub-astral particles that severely distorted the reality around it …
that did not solve the problem of those places on the disc which , during the wars , had suffered a direct hit by a spell . the magic faded away — slowly , over the millenia , [freeing] as it decayed myriads of sub-astral particles that severely distorted the reality around it …

In contrast to the merchants and traders , they had an increasing need to concentrate on investment in fixed capital in their own enterprises , and indeed , with canal carriage reducing raw material costs and quite possibly releasing capital tied up in inventories , on their ability to increase their stock of fixed capital .
in contrast to the merchants and traders , they had an increasing need to concentrate on investment in fixed capital in their own enterprises , and indeed , with canal carriage reducing raw material costs and quite possibly [freeing] capital tied up in inventories , on their ability to increase their stock of fixed capital .

He nodded , releasing her arm , but Theda thought there was a shade of disappointment in his face .
he nodded , [freeing] her arm , but theda thought there was a shade of disappointment in his face .

’ he exclaimed angrily , releasing her .
’ he exclaimed angrily , [freeing] her .

Her father pressed a kiss to her forehead , and smiled , releasing her at last .
her father pressed a kiss to her forehead , and smiled , [freeing] her at last .

Robyn stretched her arms high above her head , releasing some of the tension in her aching shoulders from being hunched over her drawing-board for so long .
robyn stretched her arms high above her head , [freeing] some of the tension in her aching shoulders from being hunched over her drawing-board for so long .

He shrugged , releasing her .
he shrugged , [freeing] her .

Seb guided Anna to a chair and sat her down , but instead of releasing his hand immediately she pulled him to her and her hand went up to his face , her finger-tips gently assessing his injuries .
seb guided anna to a chair and sat her down , but instead of [freeing] his hand immediately she pulled him to her and her hand went up to his face , her finger-tips gently assessing his injuries .

Shyly , guided by instinct , she put her other hand on the front of his shirt , feeling the warmth of his skin through the smooth , crisp fabric , before releasing one button , then another .
shyly , guided by instinct , she put her other hand on the front of his shirt , feeling the warmth of his skin through the smooth , crisp fabric , before [freeing] one button , then another .

‘ Isabel de Tracy , ’ she whispered , and , releasing the gate , took a tentative step forward into the sunlight , the skirts of her close-fitting blue kersey gown swaying gently about her ankles .
‘ isabel de tracy , ’ she whispered , and , [freeing] the gate , took a tentative step forward into the sunlight , the skirts of her close-fitting blue kersey gown swaying gently about her ankles .

’ Releasing her at last , he stepped back .
’ [freeing] her at last , he stepped back .

She heard him grunt as her nails raked across his face and he pulled back , releasing her mouth .
she heard him grunt as her nails raked across his face and he pulled back , [freeing] her mouth .

With surprising strength he jerked Isabel forward , releasing her just as abruptly .
with surprising strength he jerked isabel forward , [freeing] her just as abruptly .

‘ There 's a bruise , ’ he told her curtly , releasing her hair as she pulled away from him defensively , the inner disturbance that was her inevitable response to his lightest touch suddenly infuriating her .
‘ there 's a bruise , ’ he told her curtly , [freeing] her hair as she pulled away from him defensively , the inner disturbance that was her inevitable response to his lightest touch suddenly infuriating her .

Releasing a shaky little sigh , she put the iron back on its stand with a hand that shook .
[freeing] a shaky little sigh , she put the iron back on its stand with a hand that shook .

Automatically obeying , she tugged the leather free , then delayed for a moment before releasing the hook on his trousers .
automatically obeying , she tugged the leather free , then delayed for a moment before [freeing] the hook on his trousers .

He pushed the bra straps off her shoulders and she looked at him helplessly , torn between releasing the bodice to grab his hands and keeping it safely in place .
he pushed the bra straps off her shoulders and she looked at him helplessly , torn between [freeing] the bodice to grab his hands and keeping it safely in place .

’ He rubbed his eyes and sat up , releasing her .
’ he rubbed his eyes and sat up , [freeing] her .

The door opened and she held her breath as she sensed him standing by her bed , releasing it as she heard the creak of the other bed .
the door opened and she held her breath as she sensed him standing by her bed , [freeing] it as she heard the creak of the other bed .

She went on industriously compressing and releasing , but now she felt the breath of life responding to her touch , following the pressure of her hands in and out , lifting the body under her , until she was only orchestrating the performance , and signalling its progression by the measured touch of her palms and undulation of her body .
she went on industriously compressing and [freeing] , but now she felt the breath of life responding to her touch , following the pressure of her hands in and out , lifting the body under her , until she was only orchestrating the performance , and signalling its progression by the measured touch of her palms and undulation of her body .

In terms of giving teachers more chances to learn and to develop it comes down to releasing them for as long as they can with some financial help , some doubling-up of teaching and a well-organized use of locally managed funds .
in terms of giving teachers more chances to learn and to develop it comes down to [freeing] them for as long as they can with some financial help , some doubling-up of teaching and a well-organized use of locally managed funds .

He would leave his position once they were over the target and would ‘ talk ’ the pilot over the target before releasing the bombs .
he would leave his position once they were over the target and would ‘ talk ’ the pilot over the target before [freeing] the bombs .

My kingdom is not of this world `` was not regarded as releasing the pope from an active role in government , though it did express the great moral fervour that fuelled the late eleventh- and early twelfth-century reforms — especially in the attack on clerical marriage and in the drive to rid the Church of unchaste priests and to control the proprietary church system ( secular theocracy ) .
my kingdom is not of this world `` was not regarded as [freeing] the pope from an active role in government , though it did express the great moral fervour that fuelled the late eleventh- and early twelfth-century reforms — especially in the attack on clerical marriage and in the drive to rid the church of unchaste priests and to control the proprietary church system ( secular theocracy ) .

Polisario accused the Moroccan government on Aug. 18 of " trying to influence the international community by releasing a few Saharan prisoners " in an amnesty on Aug. 14 [ see this page ] claiming that 800 Saharans were still missing .
polisario accused the moroccan government on aug. 18 of " trying to influence the international community by [freeing] a few saharan prisoners " in an amnesty on aug. 14 [ see this page ] claiming that 800 saharans were still missing .

The government let it be known in late May that it was planning to close the three Saharan detention camps of Reggane , Ain Salah and Ain M'guel , releasing many of those detained for their radical Islamic sympathies , and moving the others further north .
the government let it be known in late may that it was planning to close the three saharan detention camps of reggane , ain salah and ain m'guel , [freeing] many of those detained for their radical islamic sympathies , and moving the others further north .

The releases , however , failed to win the support of anti-apartheid groups which claimed that almost all those released were criminals and that the government `` was putting up a smokescreen `` to avoid releasing political offenders .
the releases , however , failed to win the support of anti-apartheid groups which claimed that almost all those released were criminals and that the government `` was putting up a smokescreen `` to avoid [freeing] political offenders .

Menem , who later claimed that his action had been taken in the long-term interests of national unity and reconciliation , was immediately accused of double standards in releasing the former officers when he was simultaneously demanding the severest penalties for those involved in the latest rebellion .
menem , who later claimed that his action had been taken in the long-term interests of national unity and reconciliation , was immediately accused of double standards in [freeing] the former officers when he was simultaneously demanding the severest penalties for those involved in the latest rebellion .

This was particularly embarrassing for Bolger as he had been in the forefront of those who had castigated former Labour Prime Minister David Lange for bowing to French economic pressure by releasing Alain Mafart and Dominique Prieur , the two saboteurs who were tried and sentenced for the crime .
this was particularly embarrassing for bolger as he had been in the forefront of those who had castigated former labour prime minister david lange for bowing to french economic pressure by [freeing] alain mafart and dominique prieur , the two saboteurs who were tried and sentenced for the crime .

The Qatar News Agency quoted an unidentified Islamic Jihad spokesman as saying that his group expected Israel `` to reciprocate by releasing another group of Arab prisoners `` .
the qatar news agency quoted an unidentified islamic jihad spokesman as saying that his group expected israel `` to reciprocate by [freeing] another group of arab prisoners `` .

The authorities seemed to adopt a dual approach to the anniversary ; on the one hand they launched a massive security operation in the city and detained a number of potential trouble makers , but on the other hand they attempted to portray an image of leniency by releasing groups of pro-democracy activists who had been arrested in 1989 .
the authorities seemed to adopt a dual approach to the anniversary ; on the one hand they launched a massive security operation in the city and detained a number of potential trouble makers , but on the other hand they attempted to portray an image of leniency by [freeing] groups of pro-democracy activists who had been arrested in 1989 .

We had with us a Danakil from the Awash Station , not only as guide but also as hostage , and would not be releasing him until he found a replacement from the next tribe .
we had with us a danakil from the awash station , not only as guide but also as hostage , and would not be [freeing] him until he found a replacement from the next tribe .

It is thus possible that most of the tissue damage is caused by neutrophils generating free oxygen radicals and releasing lysosomal enzymes when in contact with a chemoattractant within the lumina propria .
it is thus possible that most of the tissue damage is caused by neutrophils generating free oxygen radicals and [freeing] lysosomal enzymes when in contact with a chemoattractant within the lumina propria .

The number of mononuclear phagocytes is high at the site of inflammation , which suggests that these cells participate in the pathogenesis and resolution of the tissue damage by releasing enzymes or generating toxic oxygen metabolites .
the number of mononuclear phagocytes is high at the site of inflammation , which suggests that these cells participate in the pathogenesis and resolution of the tissue damage by [freeing] enzymes or generating toxic oxygen metabolites .

Thus , the enterochromaffin like cell density , histamine content and histidine decarboxylase activity of the oxyntic mucosa all increased with increasing gastrin dose up to a maximal level at a gastrin concentration in the same range as found for the maximal histamine releasing and acid stimulatory effect of gastrin .
thus , the enterochromaffin like cell density , histamine content and histidine decarboxylase activity of the oxyntic mucosa all increased with increasing gastrin dose up to a maximal level at a gastrin concentration in the same range as found for the maximal histamine [freeing] and acid stimulatory effect of gastrin .

Hence , the histamine releasing and trophic effect of gastrin on the enterochromaffin like cells show about the same concentration dependence with regard to the minimal concentration of gastrin causing maximal effect .
hence , the histamine [freeing] and trophic effect of gastrin on the enterochromaffin like cells show about the same concentration dependence with regard to the minimal concentration of gastrin causing maximal effect .

This may suggest that the histamine releasing and the trophic effects of gastrin on the enterochromaffin like cells are mediated by interaction with the same receptor .
this may suggest that the histamine [freeing] and the trophic effects of gastrin on the enterochromaffin like cells are mediated by interaction with the same receptor .

In man and other species , there is accumulating evidence that gastrin stimulates acid secretion by releasing histamine .
in man and other species , there is accumulating evidence that gastrin stimulates acid secretion by [freeing] histamine .

The trust 's assets , which consist of shareholdings in other companies , are then liquidated thus releasing the capital needed by the acquiring corporation .
the trust 's assets , which consist of shareholdings in other companies , are then liquidated thus [freeing] the capital needed by the acquiring corporation .

She went to the full-length mirror beside her dressing-table , pulling off the headband she had worn in the bath and releasing the glossy brown hair that tumbled almost to her shoulders .
she went to the full-length mirror beside her dressing-table , pulling off the headband she had worn in the bath and [freeing] the glossy brown hair that tumbled almost to her shoulders .

In particular , they argued for the existence of ‘ innate releasing mechanisms ’ and ‘ fixed action patterns ’ — concepts that are best explained by examples .
in particular , they argued for the existence of ‘ innate [freeing] mechanisms ’ and ‘ fixed action patterns ’ — concepts that are best explained by examples .

The classic example of an innate releasing mechanism is afforded by herring gull chicks , which peck at their parent 's bill to elicit food .
the classic example of an innate [freeing] mechanism is afforded by herring gull chicks , which peck at their parent 's bill to elicit food .

Dada is an event that took place between 1916 and 1922 releasing such creative energies that its reverberations and influences remain part of our daily lives : particularly among the young at heart and the rebellious .
dada is an event that took place between 1916 and 1922 [freeing] such creative energies that its reverberations and influences remain part of our daily lives : particularly among the young at heart and the rebellious .

Australian Supreme Court Judge Barry Beach kicked out their attempt to stop Grundy Television from releasing a special Neighbours video based on Kylie 's screen romance with Jason .
australian supreme court judge barry beach kicked out their attempt to stop grundy television from [freeing] a special neighbours video based on kylie 's screen romance with jason .

Cumulus clouds rolled majestically through the blue sky , casting shadows or releasing light as they did so .
cumulus clouds rolled majestically through the blue sky , casting shadows or [freeing] light as they did so .

Army troops took over Visegrad dam after a Muslim fanatic opened sluice gates on Monday , releasing a tidal wave of water which flooded part of Visegrad , a key strategic town .
army troops took over visegrad dam after a muslim fanatic opened sluice gates on monday , [freeing] a tidal wave of water which flooded part of visegrad , a key strategic town .

When refloating a herd , it is important to hold the rescued animals together until the entire herd is assembled before releasing them to the open sea .
when refloating a herd , it is important to hold the rescued animals together until the entire herd is assembled before [freeing] them to the open sea .

’ Dexter Cate , Hawaiian environmentalist , arrested for releasing 250 netted dolphins at Iki , 6–8 November 1980 .
’ dexter cate , hawaiian environmentalist , arrested for [freeing] 250 netted dolphins at iki , 6–8 november 1980 .

Once there , they are broken up by ultraviolet radiation , releasing chlorine atoms which destroy ozone , CFCs are also an important greenhouse gas ( see above ) .
once there , they are broken up by ultraviolet radiation , [freeing] chlorine atoms which destroy ozone , cfcs are also an important greenhouse gas ( see above ) .

David had originally made a demo with John Hutchinson , a demo which had been taken to Philips who were releasing in this country for Mercury Records in America , and they all agreed that this would be the first single under that contract . ’
david had originally made a demo with john hutchinson , a demo which had been taken to philips who were [freeing] in this country for mercury records in america , and they all agreed that this would be the first single under that contract . ’

The aviary was for injured birds before releasing them into the wild .
the aviary was for injured birds before [freeing] them into the wild .

Last year the average cost of making a picture rose 15 % , to $ 26.8m ; and the cost of releasing it rose 25 % , to $ 11.6m .
last year the average cost of making a picture rose 15 % , to $ 26.8m ; and the cost of [freeing] it rose 25 % , to $ 11.6m .

That is on top of the main costs of releasing a movie : advertising and printing the film .
that is on top of the main costs of [freeing] a movie : advertising and printing the film .

The Emergency Bed Service has issued a yellow warning to hospitals in the North-East and South-East Thames Regional Health Authorities in the hope of releasing sufficient beds to cope with the outbreak .
the emergency bed service has issued a yellow warning to hospitals in the north-east and south-east thames regional health authorities in the hope of [freeing] sufficient beds to cope with the outbreak .

The Emergency Bed Service has issued a yellow warning to hospitals in the North-East and South-East Thames Regional Health Authorities in the hope of releasing sufficient beds to cope with the outbreak .
the emergency bed service has issued a yellow warning to hospitals in the north-east and south-east thames regional health authorities in the hope of [freeing] sufficient beds to cope with the outbreak .

Making time and releasing creative energy by incorporating the community and children into management processes so that they can contribute to , rather than be subjects of , school management .
making time and [freeing] creative energy by incorporating the community and children into management processes so that they can contribute to , rather than be subjects of , school management .

This is the process by which these organisms synthesize the compounds of life from water and carbon dioxide , using energy from the Sun , and releasing oxygen ( see p.93 ) .
this is the process by which these organisms synthesize the compounds of life from water and carbon dioxide , using energy from the sun , and [freeing] oxygen ( see p.93 ) .

Organic molecules broken down in this way release virtually as much energy as they are capable of releasing — so such ‘ oxidative ’ breakdown is extremely efficient .
organic molecules broken down in this way release virtually as much energy as they are capable of [freeing] — so such ‘ oxidative ’ breakdown is extremely efficient .

The purpose of these games has been in the main to do with releasing energy and reducing inhibitions or achieving group cohesion .
the purpose of these games has been in the main to do with [freeing] energy and reducing inhibitions or achieving group cohesion .

While the former may relish the proposed new responsibility , the latter may actively resist releasing such a valued member of staff .
while the former may relish the proposed new responsibility , the latter may actively resist [freeing] such a valued member of staff .

Without plants and soil to act as a ‘ sponge ’ , soaking up the rain and releasing it gradually , flooding is commonplace .
without plants and soil to act as a ‘ sponge ’ , soaking up the rain and [freeing] it gradually , flooding is commonplace .

It was a way of releasing some of the strain and tension of her life .
it was a way of [freeing] some of the strain and tension of her life .

The original dairy , with copper and other traditional fittings , is now their kitchen , releasing the farm kitchen as a delightful breakfast room complete with roaring fire and well-worn pamments on the floor .
the original dairy , with copper and other traditional fittings , is now their kitchen , [freeing] the farm kitchen as a delightful breakfast room complete with roaring fire and well-worn pamments on the floor .

One of the bar serveries could be removed , releasing extra space and removing the need for double manning .
one of the bar serveries could be removed , [freeing] extra space and removing the need for double manning .

Tenterden on the Kent/Sussex border ( 058 06 3033 ) is just releasing its first pink bubbly using mainly Pinot Noir grapes .
tenterden on the kent/sussex border ( 058 06 3033 ) is just [freeing] its first pink bubbly using mainly pinot noir grapes .

However , the inner city depopulation of recent years has led to falling rolls in city schools and the consequent rationalisation of local education has caused certain Board schools to become redundant , releasing them for alternative uses .
however , the inner city depopulation of recent years has led to falling rolls in city schools and the consequent rationalisation of local education has caused certain board schools to become redundant , [freeing] them for alternative uses .

resourcing which is flexible and allows individuality to be central releasing the property and other resources which are not being used to their full potential .
resourcing which is flexible and allows individuality to be central [freeing] the property and other resources which are not being used to their full potential .

No one outside of the wilder sects of the artificial intelligence fraternity would suggest that a device that translated morse into natural language characters on the screen of a computer was releasing the consciousness implicit in morse .
no one outside of the wilder sects of the artificial intelligence fraternity would suggest that a device that translated morse into natural language characters on the screen of a computer was [freeing] the consciousness implicit in morse .

It is important for these pilots to develop the habit of checking the position of the gliding site immediately after releasing the tow and to re-check it regularly every few circles .
it is important for these pilots to develop the habit of checking the position of the gliding site immediately after [freeing] the tow and to re-check it regularly every few circles .

After releasing , slow right down , retrim the glider , and then raise the main wheel .
after [freeing] , slow right down , retrim the glider , and then raise the main wheel .

In order to achieve this they seem certain to continue to deny close analysis of their practices , for exposure could well generate the potential to contest the system by releasing knowledge to those the system was set up to control .
in order to achieve this they seem certain to continue to deny close analysis of their practices , for exposure could well generate the potential to contest the system by [freeing] knowledge to those the system was set up to control .

Mobbs says : ‘ On-site training is only viable where suitable facilities exist and commitment is given to releasing staff from daily duties .
mobbs says : ‘ on-site training is only viable where suitable facilities exist and commitment is given to [freeing] staff from daily duties .

The ovaries are the female equivalent of the male testes but are rather more economical in their production of seed , each releasing one egg every other month .
the ovaries are the female equivalent of the male testes but are rather more economical in their production of seed , each [freeing] one egg every other month .

The spokesman from Rough Trade took great care before releasing the following statement : ‘ The Smiths stand 100 % behind the lyrics to all their songs .
the spokesman from rough trade took great care before [freeing] the following statement : ‘ the smiths stand 100 % behind the lyrics to all their songs .

Releasing a collection of radio sessions with a few previously unavailable songs in perfect timing for Christmas does appear to be begging for critical crucifixion .
[freeing] a collection of radio sessions with a few previously unavailable songs in perfect timing for christmas does appear to be begging for critical crucifixion .

They seemed relaxed , confident and powerful , perhaps relieved to find themselves once again working , once again releasing records .
they seemed relaxed , confident and powerful , perhaps relieved to find themselves once again working , once again [freeing] records .

It reproduces by releasing single-celled spores which drift off in the sea and grow into new plants .
it reproduces by [freeing] single-celled spores which drift off in the sea and grow into new plants .

But the very fact that the French were the most intransigent as regards releasing Germany from the cruelties of the Versailles treaty made all the more imperative the need to bring to the gathering at Darlington Hall at least one French gentleman with unambiguous influence over his country 's foreign policy .
but the very fact that the french were the most intransigent as regards [freeing] germany from the cruelties of the versailles treaty made all the more imperative the need to bring to the gathering at darlington hall at least one french gentleman with unambiguous influence over his country 's foreign policy .

Vallely is releasing his new plank , which will replace his double kick deck .
vallely is [freeing] his new plank , which will replace his double kick deck .

Jenny Pitman is another who has been waiting for the rain before releasing a very strong team .
jenny pitman is another who has been waiting for the rain before [freeing] a very strong team .

Banks wish paper-based administration to be completely electronic releasing back-office staff to become front office ‘ sales people .
banks wish paper-based administration to be completely electronic [freeing] back-office staff to become front office ‘ sales people .

Releasing a single is probably the most effective way to promote a band .
[freeing] a single is probably the most effective way to promote a band .

Once you have recorded your music , the first step to releasing it is to make the cuts .
once you have recorded your music , the first step to [freeing] it is to make the cuts .

Artists sign a world-wide , long-term deal , and the record company is committed initially to releasing one or two singles and an album .
artists sign a world-wide , long-term deal , and the record company is committed initially to [freeing] one or two singles and an album .

sometimes artists have been working for two or three years , releasing records unsuccessfully , although the public 's perception is that their first hit must be their first record .
sometimes artists have been working for two or three years , [freeing] records unsuccessfully , although the public 's perception is that their first hit must be their first record .

The artist needs to ensure the record company is committed to releasing a certain amount of product each year .
the artist needs to ensure the record company is committed to [freeing] a certain amount of product each year .

But the aim now is not necessarily to liberate sexuality ( the sexual drive ) , but to eroticize the social while at the same time releasing it from the grip of sexuality especially as manifested in the ideology of sexual difference .
but the aim now is not necessarily to liberate sexuality ( the sexual drive ) , but to eroticize the social while at the same time [freeing] it from the grip of sexuality especially as manifested in the ideology of sexual difference .

The final chapter is a real case study considering luteinising hormone releasing hormone .
the final chapter is a real case study considering luteinising hormone [freeing] hormone .

Mr Don Dovaston , assistant chief constable of Derbyshire , issued the two men 's names 24 hours after releasing a photograph and identity of the third man — Joseph Magee , 26 , who lived in Derby with his wife and son for the past year after being released from jail in Northern Ireland .
mr don dovaston , assistant chief constable of derbyshire , issued the two men 's names 24 hours after [freeing] a photograph and identity of the third man — joseph magee , 26 , who lived in derby with his wife and son for the past year after being released from jail in northern ireland .

‘ Yes , ’ he said , releasing his grip .
‘ yes , ’ he said , [freeing] his grip .

The Wedding Present were as helpful as possible in relating the rigorous mechanics of releasing records and the structure of the independent scene to anyone requesting the information .
the wedding present were as helpful as possible in relating the rigorous mechanics of [freeing] records and the structure of the independent scene to anyone requesting the information .

Charman , whose address was printed on ‘ Once More ’ and ‘ This Boy Can Wait ’ dealt mainly with the administration of releasing a record by another Leeds band , Cud , called , ‘ You 're The Boss ’ . It was preceded by a single from The Wedding Present 's long-standing friends , This Poison !
charman , whose address was printed on ‘ once more ’ and ‘ this boy can wait ’ dealt mainly with the administration of [freeing] a record by another leeds band , cud , called , ‘ you 're the boss ’ . it was preceded by a single from the wedding present 's long-standing friends , this poison !

The six steps proposed by this celebrated trinity of black anti-apartheid leaders were : lifting the state of emergency ; lifting political restrictions on individuals ; releasing all those detained without trial ; unbanning political organisations ; releasing all political prisoners ; reprieving all those sentenced to death .
the six steps proposed by this celebrated trinity of black anti-apartheid leaders were : lifting the state of emergency ; lifting political restrictions on individuals ; [freeing] all those detained without trial ; unbanning political organisations ; [freeing] all political prisoners ; reprieving all those sentenced to death .

In the case of Finney ( 1974 ) , where an attendant at a mental hospital caused the death of a patient by releasing a flow of boiling water into a bath , the test was whether he was grossly negligent .
in the case of finney ( 1974 ) , where an attendant at a mental hospital caused the death of a patient by [freeing] a flow of boiling water into a bath , the test was whether he was grossly negligent .

Otley riffled through a pile of old sheet music releasing a musty smell of pipe tobacco and Evening in Paris .
otley riffled through a pile of old sheet music [freeing] a musty smell of pipe tobacco and evening in paris .

The dangers of releasing our creations into the world are , he insists , very real .
the dangers of [freeing] our creations into the world are , he insists , very real .

Releasing buoyant stars
[freeing] buoyant stars

He said , releasing Marcus and addressing Franca , ‘ This is Professor Vallar .
he said , [freeing] marcus and addressing franca , ‘ this is professor vallar .

‘ Tell me some then ! ’ she said , squeezing his hand and releasing it .
‘ tell me some then ! ’ she said , squeezing his hand and [freeing] it .

Jack , releasing her , had then , almost formally , taken her hand and kissed it .
jack , [freeing] her , had then , almost formally , taken her hand and kissed it .

To date , we 've seen Rome from the Air , Venice from the Air , Florence from the Air , with Thames & Hudson releasing Egypt from the Air and Tuscany from the Air .
to date , we 've seen rome from the air , venice from the air , florence from the air , with thames & hudson [freeing] egypt from the air and tuscany from the air .

There are people who go about liberating tame animals into the wild , stealing koi carp from ornamental ponds , for example , and releasing them in lakes , where the pike will quickly re-initiate them into the rhythms of nature .
there are people who go about liberating tame animals into the wild , stealing koi carp from ornamental ponds , for example , and [freeing] them in lakes , where the pike will quickly re-initiate them into the rhythms of nature .

Unfortunately releasing these into the wort requires mutually incompatable conditions .
unfortunately [freeing] these into the wort requires mutually incompatable conditions .

Genetic engineering has reached a point of such sophistication that there are clear benefits to be gained by releasing from the laboratory living organisms upon which have been conferred characteristics they could never have acquired through the normal processes of evolution or selective breeding .
genetic engineering has reached a point of such sophistication that there are clear benefits to be gained by [freeing] from the laboratory living organisms upon which have been conferred characteristics they could never have acquired through the normal processes of evolution or selective breeding .

The policy of releasing prisoners into the community without a transitional period of supervision was challenged earlier this year following the case of David Evans , who murdered the schoolgirl Anna Humphries shortly after his release .
the policy of [freeing] prisoners into the community without a transitional period of supervision was challenged earlier this year following the case of david evans , who murdered the schoolgirl anna humphries shortly after his release .

If sulphur hexafluoride is subjected to electrical sparking in the presence of oxygen , it degrades , releasing toxic breakdown products .
if sulphur hexafluoride is subjected to electrical sparking in the presence of oxygen , it degrades , [freeing] toxic breakdown products .

If efficiency forms a part of development , then a country will be able to spend less on fuel and power , as well as releasing fewer greenhouse gases .
if efficiency forms a part of development , then a country will be able to spend less on fuel and power , as well as [freeing] fewer greenhouse gases .

Simply using energy and fuel efficiently could stop us releasing much of the carbon dioxide we currently emit .
simply using energy and fuel efficiently could stop us [freeing] much of the carbon dioxide we currently emit .

For now Great Nations must free themselves by releasing peoples they oppressed , not simply assimilate them , and that would have to include Engels ’ non-historic peoples .
for now great nations must free themselves by [freeing] peoples they oppressed , not simply assimilate them , and that would have to include engels ’ non-historic peoples .

The case of Instan seems to be authority for the proposition that a common-law duty was imposed upon the defendant to continue to care for her aunt , having once undertaken this responsibility.55 It would seem to follow from the fact that a relationship has to be created for the duty to arise that if the relationship ceases by one party releasing and absolving the other of his obligations , the duty also ceases .
the case of instan seems to be authority for the proposition that a common-law duty was imposed upon the defendant to continue to care for her aunt , having once undertaken this responsibility.55 it would seem to follow from the fact that a relationship has to be created for the duty to arise that if the relationship ceases by one party [freeing] and absolving the other of his obligations , the duty also ceases .

Aquifers are located and drilled into , so releasing the water trapped in the pockets .
aquifers are located and drilled into , so [freeing] the water trapped in the pockets .

One day , when Chola was releasing the hens from the coop , she noticed that the cockerel was missing .
one day , when chola was [freeing] the hens from the coop , she noticed that the cockerel was missing .

On his way home to Brest , sailing north-about round Ireland , Jones confirmed his reputation as a maritime Robin Hood by releasing , with a new sail and money in their pockets , some Irish fishermen he had captured , but his arrival back in port , on 8 May 1778 , proved a disappointment , for the French failed to give him the hero 's welcome he had expected .
on his way home to brest , sailing north-about round ireland , jones confirmed his reputation as a maritime robin hood by [freeing] , with a new sail and money in their pockets , some irish fishermen he had captured , but his arrival back in port , on 8 may 1778 , proved a disappointment , for the french failed to give him the hero 's welcome he had expected .

Smaller library authorities have traditionally faced the problem of lack of staff ‘ mobility ’ , with difficulties in releasing staff from normal service points : the ability of libraries with larger establishments to release groups of staff , making internal training viable and economic , or to be able to afford external courses , has perhaps contributed to a tendency to define training largely in terms of off-the-job courses which may have discouraged some libraries from even attempting to develop a coherent overall training plan .
smaller library authorities have traditionally faced the problem of lack of staff ‘ mobility ’ , with difficulties in [freeing] staff from normal service points : the ability of libraries with larger establishments to release groups of staff , making internal training viable and economic , or to be able to afford external courses , has perhaps contributed to a tendency to define training largely in terms of off-the-job courses which may have discouraged some libraries from even attempting to develop a coherent overall training plan .

With rabbit numbers low , this was seen as the opportunity for a further reduction but in response to public outcry legislation was also introduced making it illegal to spread myxomatosis by artificial means — by taking infected rabbits and releasing them near disease-free colonies .
with rabbit numbers low , this was seen as the opportunity for a further reduction but in response to public outcry legislation was also introduced making it illegal to spread myxomatosis by artificial means — by taking infected rabbits and [freeing] them near disease-free colonies .

This helps to break down the pockets of cellulite , thus releasing the toxins into the circulatory systems from which they can be eliminated .
this helps to break down the pockets of cellulite , thus [freeing] the toxins into the circulatory systems from which they can be eliminated .

The act of tensing , stretching and releasing is also extremely satisfying to practise .
the act of tensing , stretching and [freeing] is also extremely satisfying to practise .

Now become aware of your body and ‘ feel ’ around for any areas that still feel tense and repeat the tightening and releasing of the muscles until you feel deeply relaxed and at peace .
now become aware of your body and ‘ feel ’ around for any areas that still feel tense and repeat the tightening and [freeing] of the muscles until you feel deeply relaxed and at peace .

Ranganathan asserts that releasing a book without an index should be an indictable offence .
ranganathan asserts that [freeing] a book without an index should be an indictable offence .

venerable old Jew whose noble nature and gratitude to Fledgeby for releasing him from debts owed to Fledgeby 's father cause him to serve the young man devotedly as agent for Pubsey & Co .
venerable old jew whose noble nature and gratitude to fledgeby for [freeing] him from debts owed to fledgeby 's father cause him to serve the young man devotedly as agent for pubsey & co .

Even private and personal information can evade the conscious controls or natural brakes , and an individual 's subconscious will transmit information that the conscious mind would otherwise never dream of releasing .
even private and personal information can evade the conscious controls or natural brakes , and an individual 's subconscious will transmit information that the conscious mind would otherwise never dream of [freeing] .

There are various meditation or relaxation techniques which are admirable in counteracting the effects of stress and in releasing unwanted feelings ( see Preventing unwanted feelings on page 138 ) .
there are various meditation or relaxation techniques which are admirable in counteracting the effects of stress and in [freeing] unwanted feelings ( see preventing unwanted feelings on page 138 ) .

There was authority in his voice and she felt a great surge of relief , as if he were plucking at her pain and releasing it .
there was authority in his voice and she felt a great surge of relief , as if he were plucking at her pain and [freeing] it .

But the main source of money for releasing the poor and insolvent came from the rich and solvent ; Neild placed advertisements in the newspapers appealing for donations .
but the main source of money for [freeing] the poor and insolvent came from the rich and solvent ; neild placed advertisements in the newspapers appealing for donations .

The Thatched House Society saw their role not only as releasing debtors but making sure they never had to rescue them again .
the thatched house society saw their role not only as [freeing] debtors but making sure they never had to rescue them again .

‘ That gun 's mine , sir , ’ he said , lifting Sheridan 's wrist six inches sideways and releasing it .
‘ that gun 's mine , sir , ’ he said , lifting sheridan 's wrist six inches sideways and [freeing] it .

Spruce needles certainly take longer to decay than some other leaves , releasing humic acid over a longer period but at a slower rate , but being a long standing constituent of the northern latitudes coniferous belt , spruce ( Picea ) is quite compatible with lakes well stocked with fish .
spruce needles certainly take longer to decay than some other leaves , [freeing] humic acid over a longer period but at a slower rate , but being a long standing constituent of the northern latitudes coniferous belt , spruce ( picea ) is quite compatible with lakes well stocked with fish .

But a British video company is releasing a home tape with both endings , one after the other .
but a british video company is [freeing] a home tape with both endings , one after the other .

In non-specific immunity a class of white blood cells called macrophages kill invading organisms by releasing a gamut of potent substances and toxins .
in non-specific immunity a class of white blood cells called macrophages kill invading organisms by [freeing] a gamut of potent substances and toxins .

It was in these tumours that the peptide , called human pancreas growth hormone releasing factor , or hpGRF , was discovered .
it was in these tumours that the peptide , called human pancreas growth hormone [freeing] factor , or hpgrf , was discovered .

But is it the same as the hypothetical hypothalamic growth hormone releasing factor ?
but is it the same as the hypothetical hypothalamic growth hormone [freeing] factor ?

It was one of these piles that caught fire , releasing the deadly polonium in the form of a gas .
it was one of these piles that caught fire , [freeing] the deadly polonium in the form of a gas .

The light ions ‘ fuse ’ to yield larger ions , releasing energy in the process .
the light ions ‘ fuse ’ to yield larger ions , [freeing] energy in the process .

Bennett and Williams suggest that the cells of opening or closing traps acidify their own walls by releasing hydrogen ions .
bennett and williams suggest that the cells of opening or closing traps acidify their own walls by [freeing] hydrogen ions .

New hosts are infected by direct contact with perithecia loaded with mature spores , each contact releasing a spore or two .
new hosts are infected by direct contact with perithecia loaded with mature spores , each contact [freeing] a spore or two .

The pillars of coal left behind were compressed , releasing large amounts of an explosive mixture of air and methane called firedamp .
the pillars of coal left behind were compressed , [freeing] large amounts of an explosive mixture of air and methane called firedamp .

If the bird keeps struggling , it will be clawed and bitten repeatedly by its captor , but if it lies still the cat may then make the mistake of putting it down on the ground and releasing it from its jaws .
if the bird keeps struggling , it will be clawed and bitten repeatedly by its captor , but if it lies still the cat may then make the mistake of putting it down on the ground and [freeing] it from its jaws .

Walking and swimming are also excellent for releasing tension .
walking and swimming are also excellent for [freeing] tension .

Although tension may be built up , fictitious treatment usually involves the releasing of that tension ( by the ‘ happy ending ’ , for example ) or the reader can terminate the situation by lifting his or her eyes from the page .
although tension may be built up , fictitious treatment usually involves the [freeing] of that tension ( by the ‘ happy ending ’ , for example ) or the reader can terminate the situation by lifting his or her eyes from the page .

Nevertheless , it is unrealistic to expect clients always to seek advice on these matters from sources other than the building designer , and a basic knowledge of planning law , compensation and the individual vagaries in attitudes of planning authorities is often the basis of releasing latent development value which is of tangible benefit and for which the client is prepared to pay high rewards .
nevertheless , it is unrealistic to expect clients always to seek advice on these matters from sources other than the building designer , and a basic knowledge of planning law , compensation and the individual vagaries in attitudes of planning authorities is often the basis of [freeing] latent development value which is of tangible benefit and for which the client is prepared to pay high rewards .

Think of the sitting bones releasing into the chair ( for arched back ) .
think of the sitting bones [freeing] into the chair ( for arched back ) .

If you find that one side of the body is pushing down into the floor , then think of that side of the body releasing away from the floor .
if you find that one side of the body is pushing down into the floor , then think of that side of the body [freeing] away from the floor .

Do n't expect any instant changes , as releasing muscular tension takes time .
do n't expect any instant changes , as [freeing] muscular tension takes time .

Plants consume carbon dioxide , releasing the oxygen that we other species require , completing in our turn the full circle by ‘ burning ’ carbon and breathing out carbon dioxide .
plants consume carbon dioxide , [freeing] the oxygen that we other species require , completing in our turn the full circle by ‘ burning ’ carbon and breathing out carbon dioxide .

All cetaceans draw in fresh air through this nasal orifice down into their lungs , releasing it and drawing in a fresh supply whenever they return to the surface .
all cetaceans draw in fresh air through this nasal orifice down into their lungs , [freeing] it and drawing in a fresh supply whenever they return to the surface .

These tiny creatures take the very rocks and stones as their food , releasing the valuable minerals into the soil upon which plant life may flourish .
these tiny creatures take the very rocks and stones as their food , [freeing] the valuable minerals into the soil upon which plant life may flourish .

Reich developed techniques for releasing these locked-up emotions by a combination of relaxation , breathing and massage .
reich developed techniques for [freeing] these locked-up emotions by a combination of relaxation , breathing and massage .

Ian Taylor speculates that tree clumps may act as a respiratory system , drawing up earth energies and releasing them through the clump 's composite aura , as well as performing the same function with subtle celestial stimuli .
ian taylor speculates that tree clumps may act as a respiratory system , drawing up earth energies and [freeing] them through the clump 's composite aura , as well as performing the same function with subtle celestial stimuli .

People and places , who 's in the studio and who 's releasing what with whom ( the latter now revised and reverting to the end of this section ) .
people and places , who 's in the studio and who 's [freeing] what with whom ( the latter now revised and reverting to the end of this section ) .

One ploy that McGegan has adopted to avoid any unnecessary comparison with Eliot Gardiner is to record , initially at least , Handel 's operas which , being Italian , are very different works from the English oratorios that Philips were releasing to such great acclaim .
one ploy that mcgegan has adopted to avoid any unnecessary comparison with eliot gardiner is to record , initially at least , handel 's operas which , being italian , are very different works from the english oratorios that philips were [freeing] to such great acclaim .

The sympathetic nerves achieve their effects by releasing the hormone noradrenaline from the nerve-tips , which are located close to the organs that they influence .
the sympathetic nerves achieve their effects by [freeing] the hormone noradrenaline from the nerve-tips , which are located close to the organs that they influence .

One possibility is that the yeast is releasing toxins and other products that travel around the body in the blood .
one possibility is that the yeast is [freeing] toxins and other products that travel around the body in the blood .

Some people who need extra care and can afford the cost actually choose it , perhaps because they understand the advantages of releasing a daughter and other family members from the 24-hour responsibility of caring .
some people who need extra care and can afford the cost actually choose it , perhaps because they understand the advantages of [freeing] a daughter and other family members from the 24-hour responsibility of caring .

After the menopause , women are no longer able to bear children , as their ovaries stop releasing eggs .
after the menopause , women are no longer able to bear children , as their ovaries stop [freeing] eggs .

However , ‘ players ’ do not confine themselves to releasing into the public domain ‘ required ’ publications . They will also seek to influence public and corporate opinion by generating other publicly available information via :
however , ‘ players ’ do not confine themselves to [freeing] into the public domain ‘ required ’ publications . they will also seek to influence public and corporate opinion by generating other publicly available information via :

This is true because the excess concentration of the hexamer DNA , compared to its equilibrium , could in principle be released by degradation of the hexamer to the two trimer substrates , releasing that stored free energy as this reaction couple flowed toward its own equilibrium ratio of hexamer and trimers .
this is true because the excess concentration of the hexamer dna , compared to its equilibrium , could in principle be released by degradation of the hexamer to the two trimer substrates , [freeing] that stored free energy as this reaction couple flowed toward its own equilibrium ratio of hexamer and trimers .

In 1579 , seven provinces north of the Rhine conclude the Treaty of Utrecht , releasing the suffocating grip of Spanish rule .
in 1579 , seven provinces north of the rhine conclude the treaty of utrecht , [freeing] the suffocating grip of spanish rule .

Walkers Cay ’ s shark-feeding program allows divers to watch large groups of sharks fight over a frozen fish “ chumsickle ” ( buckets of fish parts frozen into a block that thaws in the warm water , releasing the fish slowly to prolong the feeding ) .
walkers cay ’ s shark-feeding program allows divers to watch large groups of sharks fight over a frozen fish “ chumsickle ” ( buckets of fish parts frozen into a block that thaws in the warm water , [freeing] the fish slowly to prolong the feeding ) .

The program achieved design stability before moving into system demonstration by incorporating mature technologies and components from other missiles and munitions , using engineering prototypes to demonstrate the design , holding a series of design reviews prior to the system level critical design review , and completing and releasing 95 percent of the engineering drawings at that time .
the program achieved design stability before moving into system demonstration by incorporating mature technologies and components from other missiles and munitions , using engineering prototypes to demonstrate the design , holding a series of design reviews prior to the system level critical design review , and completing and [freeing] 95 percent of the engineering drawings at that time .

The Bureau plans to use the Internet as its principal medium for releasing data from the 2000 Census .
the bureau plans to use the internet as its principal medium for [freeing] data from the 2000 census .

This consists of the six chain-building modules , preceded by a short module for loading the starter unit and ending in a domain for releasing the completed carbon chain from the PKS .
this consists of the six chain-building modules , preceded by a short module for loading the starter unit and ending in a domain for [freeing] the completed carbon chain from the pks .

Again , from other molecules , we know that shedding can serve important cellular functions by releasing diffusible ligands from their membrane-bound precursors ( e.g. , TGFα and TNFα ) or by terminating intercellular signaling ( e.g. , Notch ) .
again , from other molecules , we know that shedding can serve important cellular functions by [freeing] diffusible ligands from their membrane-bound precursors ( e.g. , tgfα and tnfα ) or by terminating intercellular signaling ( e.g. , notch ) .

Thus , IPCs respond to glucose challenge in vivo by releasing insulin C-peptide .
thus , ipcs respond to glucose challenge in vivo by [freeing] insulin c-peptide .

Regardless of the existence of a centralized effort , countries would greatly promote health rights by integrating equity issues into health information systems , releasing that information publicly , and supporting participation and decision-making attentive to the concerns of health equity and human rights .
regardless of the existence of a centralized effort , countries would greatly promote health rights by integrating equity issues into health information systems , [freeing] that information publicly , and supporting participation and decision-making attentive to the concerns of health equity and human rights .

Ghrelin administration has been found to increase non-REM sleep in humans and mice , possibly via its interactions with the sleep-inducing peptide growth hormone releasing hormone ( GHRH ) .
ghrelin administration has been found to increase non-rem sleep in humans and mice , possibly via its interactions with the sleep-inducing peptide growth hormone [freeing] hormone ( ghrh ) .

Several features of Hsp90 suggest that it is an evolutionary buffer , capable of hiding and then releasing genetic variation : ( 1 ) individuals heterozygous for mutations in Hsp83 ( the gene encoding Hsp90 ) show increased levels of morphological abnormalities ; ( 2 ) individuals treated with a pharmacological inhibitor of Hsp90 show severe morphological abnormalities ; ( 3 ) the normal function of Hsp90 is to stabilise the tertiary structure of signal transduction molecules involved in developmental pathways ; and ( 4 ) this function may be compromised by environmental factors , e.g. , heat shock .
several features of hsp90 suggest that it is an evolutionary buffer , capable of hiding and then [freeing] genetic variation : ( 1 ) individuals heterozygous for mutations in hsp83 ( the gene encoding hsp90 ) show increased levels of morphological abnormalities ; ( 2 ) individuals treated with a pharmacological inhibitor of hsp90 show severe morphological abnormalities ; ( 3 ) the normal function of hsp90 is to stabilise the tertiary structure of signal transduction molecules involved in developmental pathways ; and ( 4 ) this function may be compromised by environmental factors , e.g. , heat shock .

Siegal and Bergman ( 2002 ) proposed that when a network is compromised by ‘ knocking out ’ one of several genes , buffering may be lost or compromised , releasing variation that was hidden in the intact network .
siegal and bergman ( 2002 ) proposed that when a network is compromised by ‘ knocking out ’ one of several genes , buffering may be lost or compromised , [freeing] variation that was hidden in the intact network .

Thus , the ‘ knockout ’ mutations were clearly beneficial because they sped up adaptation to a new phenotypic optimum by releasing hidden genetic variation , thereby providing a new substrate upon which natural selection may act .
thus , the ‘ knockout ’ mutations were clearly beneficial because they sped up adaptation to a new phenotypic optimum by [freeing] hidden genetic variation , thereby providing a new substrate upon which natural selection may act .

A backlash may be in the works against Republicans who favored releasing the tape .
a backlash may be in the works against republicans who favored [freeing] the tape .

The NYT lead says that before CIA director George Tenet took his stand regarding Pollard , President Clinton was seriously considering releasing him .
the nyt lead says that before cia director george tenet took his stand regarding pollard , president clinton was seriously considering [freeing] him .

The studios have explained that they are n't releasing their movies on Christmas Eve because it is one of the slowest -- if not the slowest -- moviegoing day of the year , and they 'd rather wait and let their films debut with a splash on Christmas .
the studios have explained that they are n't [freeing] their movies on christmas eve because it is one of the slowest -- if not the slowest -- moviegoing day of the year , and they 'd rather wait and let their films debut with a splash on christmas .

After last weekend , the studios releasing The Green Mile and Toy Story 2 mixed it up because Toy Story 2 claimed the top position in weekend gross by a slim margin , even though it was The Green Mile 's opening weekend .
after last weekend , the studios [freeing] the green mile and toy story 2 mixed it up because toy story 2 claimed the top position in weekend gross by a slim margin , even though it was the green mile 's opening weekend .

Releasing him from prison , even to further Middle East peace , would be a huge mistake .
[freeing] him from prison , even to further middle east peace , would be a huge mistake .

Dry Cleaning ( Strand Releasing ) .
dry cleaning ( strand [freeing] ) .

It works by releasing hydrogen peroxide to break up or remove the color from organic materials but is gentle enough that it wo n't affect most fabric dyes .
it works by [freeing] hydrogen peroxide to break up or remove the color from organic materials but is gentle enough that it wo n't affect most fabric dyes .

Kurt and Courtney ( Roxie Releasing ) .
kurt and courtney ( roxie [freeing] ) .

Return With Honor ( Ocean Releasing ) .
return with honor ( ocean [freeing] ) .

Instead of running lotteries or using disappearing ink , most publishers make used textbooks obsolete by periodically releasing revised editions .
instead of running lotteries or using disappearing ink , most publishers make used textbooks obsolete by periodically [freeing] revised editions .

It does so by releasing calcium from the bones , literally peeing them away .
it does so by [freeing] calcium from the bones , literally peeing them away .

No doubt I am not alone in wondering if anyone from Slate 's ownership talked to William Saletan before releasing `` The Week/The Spin , '' which covered the Justice Department 's antitrust actions aimed at Microsoft .
no doubt i am not alone in wondering if anyone from slate 's ownership talked to william saletan before [freeing] `` the week/the spin , '' which covered the justice department 's antitrust actions aimed at microsoft .

The hype is encouraged by Columbia , which profits by releasing more and more unfinished songs , rejected versions , live recordings -- and before long , voice mail messages -- from its vaults .
the hype is encouraged by columbia , which profits by [freeing] more and more unfinished songs , rejected versions , live recordings -- and before long , voice mail messages -- from its vaults .

Of course , if you never leaked anything illegally to them and never swore them to confidentiality , there is no harm in releasing them from a promise they never made . ''
of course , if you never leaked anything illegally to them and never swore them to confidentiality , there is no harm in [freeing] them from a promise they never made . ''

When I called to ask for one , Parker 's office told me that it was n't releasing it .
when i called to ask for one , parker 's office told me that it was n't [freeing] it .

Some Israelis blame Jordan 's King Hussein for inciting the attack by releasing a vitriolic letter that accused Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of provoking Palestinian violence .
some israelis blame jordan 's king hussein for inciting the attack by [freeing] a vitriolic letter that accused israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu of provoking palestinian violence .

The result is an explosion , releasing a cloud of tear gas particles mixed with smoke .
the result is an explosion , [freeing] a cloud of tear gas particles mixed with smoke .

Certainly Sumner Redstone , CEO of Viacom , likes that idea , as evidenced by things like Simon & Schuster 's selling MTV books , Paramount 's releasing The Rugrats movie , and so on .
certainly sumner redstone , ceo of viacom , likes that idea , as evidenced by things like simon & schuster 's selling mtv books , paramount 's [freeing] the rugrats movie , and so on .

A Map of the World ( Look Pictures Releasing ) .
a map of the world ( look pictures [freeing] ) .

Arbitrary cyber assaults with serious civilian repercussions -- opening a dam 's floodgates , releasing radioactivity -- would be just as illegal under international law as if they were performed manually .
arbitrary cyber assaults with serious civilian repercussions -- opening a dam 's floodgates , [freeing] radioactivity -- would be just as illegal under international law as if they were performed manually .

What 's the harm in releasing memoirs that repeat it ?
what 's the harm in [freeing] memoirs that repeat it ?

Ben-Gurion felt that releasing the document after the trial would distract attention from the court 's verdict -- an explicit rejection of Eichmann 's claims .
ben-gurion felt that [freeing] the document after the trial would distract attention from the court 's verdict -- an explicit rejection of eichmann 's claims .

The prosecutor argued that there was no harm in not releasing the Eichmann 's memoir , since he had already been given his day in court .
the prosecutor argued that there was no harm in not [freeing] the eichmann 's memoir , since he had already been given his day in court .

In any case , the secret of manual dexterity is all in the timing -- hitting the piano key or releasing the curveball at precisely the right instant .
in any case , the secret of manual dexterity is all in the timing -- hitting the piano key or [freeing] the curveball at precisely the right instant .

Burton -- who was publicly flayed last Sunday for calling Clinton a `` scumbag '' -- is flayed again , this time for releasing tapes of phone calls between Webster Hubbell , then incarcerated , and his wife .
burton -- who was publicly flayed last sunday for calling clinton a `` scumbag '' -- is flayed again , this time for [freeing] tapes of phone calls between webster hubbell , then incarcerated , and his wife .

For this reason , releasing the Windows source code might not instantly erode Microsoft 's dominance in PC operating systems unless a great number of software engineers applied themselves to the effort .
for this reason , [freeing] the windows source code might not instantly erode microsoft 's dominance in pc operating systems unless a great number of software engineers applied themselves to the effort .

Microsoft argues that releasing the source code would be bad for consumers because it would result in many incompatible versions of Windows .
microsoft argues that [freeing] the source code would be bad for consumers because it would result in many incompatible versions of windows .

Far , the results of releasing source code to the public are mixed .
far , the results of [freeing] source code to the public are mixed .

Much better to keep digging , declare that indictments are just around the corner , and hold off on releasing that final report just a few months longer .
much better to keep digging , declare that indictments are just around the corner , and hold off on [freeing] that final report just a few months longer .

Toobin then told me he was justified in releasing the documents because they were `` part of history now . ''
toobin then told me he was justified in [freeing] the documents because they were `` part of history now . ''

As for Hollywood 's penchant for releasing the `` classy '' movies as close to Oscar time as the rules and the calendar allow , I agree that the ravages of memory have a lot to do with it .
as for hollywood 's penchant for [freeing] the `` classy '' movies as close to oscar time as the rules and the calendar allow , i agree that the ravages of memory have a lot to do with it .

The studio 's explanation : We could have shattered weekend records by releasing the film on a Friday but chose to accommodate fans by opening on Wednesday .
the studio 's explanation : we could have shattered weekend records by [freeing] the film on a friday but chose to accommodate fans by opening on wednesday .

Moe Asch created Folkways and ran it for 38 years , until his death in 1986 , releasing 2,200 records , including sides by Leadbelly and Woody Guthrie and artists from all over the globe playing everything from children 's music to jazz .
moe asch created folkways and ran it for 38 years , until his death in 1986 , [freeing] 2,200 records , including sides by leadbelly and woody guthrie and artists from all over the globe playing everything from children 's music to jazz .

Because the incentive to an author of free software is to make her package the best , so releasing inadequately tested software will do the author 's personal reputation no good at all .
because the incentive to an author of free software is to make her package the best , so [freeing] inadequately tested software will do the author 's personal reputation no good at all .

In releasing a draft report on the subject , Deputy Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers said , `` We absolutely reject the idea that the Internet is some sort of golden goose whose feathers should be taxed .
in [freeing] a draft report on the subject , deputy treasury secretary lawrence summers said , `` we absolutely reject the idea that the internet is some sort of golden goose whose feathers should be taxed .

In the previous episode , Burton , the chairman of the House investigation of the campaign finance scandal , was under fire for 1 ) releasing transcripts of Webster Hubbell 's phone calls from jail and 2 ) omitting parts of the transcripts in which Hubbell vouched for Hillary Clinton 's innocence .
in the previous episode , burton , the chairman of the house investigation of the campaign finance scandal , was under fire for 1 ) [freeing] transcripts of webster hubbell 's phone calls from jail and 2 ) omitting parts of the transcripts in which hubbell vouched for hillary clinton 's innocence .

In today 's episode , Burton 1 ) said he would bypass Democratic objections by assigning the investigation 's next step to a GOP-stacked committee ; 2 ) reversed that decision , evidently at Speaker Gingrich 's behest ; and 3 ) `` accepted the resignation '' of his chief investigator , David Bossie , who is blamed for releasing the transcripts .
in today 's episode , burton 1 ) said he would bypass democratic objections by assigning the investigation 's next step to a gop-stacked committee ; 2 ) reversed that decision , evidently at speaker gingrich 's behest ; and 3 ) `` accepted the resignation '' of his chief investigator , david bossie , who is blamed for [freeing] the transcripts .

The paper notes that the deal would come at a time when Republicans in Congress are on the verge of releasing a report concluding China 's military has profited over the years from stealing and buying U.S. equipment .
the paper notes that the deal would come at a time when republicans in congress are on the verge of [freeing] a report concluding china 's military has profited over the years from stealing and buying u.s. equipment .

