A copy was released to the press .
a copy was [freed] to the press .

Fuchs , after nine and a half years , was released , being given time off for good behavior .
fuchs , after nine and a half years , was [freed] , being given time off for good behavior .

The verdict brought vindication to the dead woman's stepson , Vincent Hengesbach , 54 , who was tried for the same crime in December , 1958 , and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict .
the verdict brought vindication to the dead woman's stepson , vincent hengesbach , 54 , who was tried for the same crime in december , 1958 , and [freed] when the jury failed to reach a verdict .

A prepared statement released by the student group Friday stated that `` extensive research by COAHR into techniques and methods of theater integration in other cities indicated that the presence of picket lines and stand-ins before segregated theaters causes a drop in profits ''
a prepared statement [freed] by the student group friday stated that `` extensive research by coahr into techniques and methods of theater integration in other cities indicated that the presence of picket lines and stand-ins before segregated theaters causes a drop in profits ''

`` But it did destroy the natural controls of a borer and released a new plague that wrecked a sugar cane crop '' , he said .
`` but it did destroy the natural controls of a borer and [freed] a new plague that wrecked a sugar cane crop '' , he said .

Until Moscow resumed nuclear testing last September 1 , the US and UK had released more than twice as much radiation into the atmosphere as the Russians , and the fallout from the earlier blasts is still coming down .
until moscow resumed nuclear testing last september 1 , the us and uk had [freed] more than twice as much radiation into the atmosphere as the russians , and the fallout from the earlier blasts is still coming down .

Good Time Jazz has released a nice two-record album which he made .
good time jazz has [freed] a nice two-record album which he made .

The tremendous energy released by giant rocket engines perhaps can be felt much better than it can be heard .
the tremendous energy [freed] by giant rocket engines perhaps can be felt much better than it can be heard .

Most drill presses have a quill return spring that raises the spindle automatically when the feed lever is released and holds the quill in the raised position .
most drill presses have a quill return spring that raises the spindle automatically when the feed lever is [freed] and holds the quill in the raised position .

The return spring tension may be adjusted to suit individual requirements by gripping the spring housing with a pair of pliers ( to prevent the spring from unwinding when it is released ) , loosening the lock nut or screw , and rotating the housing until the desired tension is achieved .
the return spring tension may be adjusted to suit individual requirements by gripping the spring housing with a pair of pliers ( to prevent the spring from unwinding when it is [freed] ) , loosening the lock nut or screw , and rotating the housing until the desired tension is achieved .

Of course , when your 6-inch torrent of water is released , it may cause a lot of comment as it passes through or by neighboring properties .
of course , when your 6-inch torrent of water is [freed] , it may cause a lot of comment as it passes through or by neighboring properties .

From a pen of wild bulls one would be released , and with much yellin' a cowhand'd take after 'im .
from a pen of wild bulls one would be [freed] , and with much yellin' a cowhand'd take after 'im .

After that , it requires several minutes of concentrated work , including six separate and deliberate actions by a minimum of three men sitting at three separate stations in a bomber , each with another man beside him to help , for an armed bomb to be released .
after that , it requires several minutes of concentrated work , including six separate and deliberate actions by a minimum of three men sitting at three separate stations in a bomber , each with another man beside him to help , for an armed bomb to be [freed] .

For example , he captured some persons from York County , who with teams were taking to Philadelphia the furniture of a man who had just been released from prison through the efforts of his wife , and who apparently was helpless to prevent the theft of his household goods .
for example , he captured some persons from york county , who with teams were taking to philadelphia the furniture of a man who had just been [freed] from prison through the efforts of his wife , and who apparently was helpless to prevent the theft of his household goods .

A study of their activity on thyroglobulin has shown that thyroxine is not preferentially released and that the degradation proceeds stepwise with the formation of macromolecular intermediates ( Alpers , Petermann and Rall , 1956 ) .
a study of their activity on thyroglobulin has shown that thyroxine is not preferentially [freed] and that the degradation proceeds stepwise with the formation of macromolecular intermediates ( alpers , petermann and rall , 1956 ) .

It is assumed that the iodine released from the iodotyrosines remains in the iodide pool of the thyroid , where it is oxidised and re-incorporated into thyroglobulin .
it is assumed that the iodine [freed] from the iodotyrosines remains in the iodide pool of the thyroid , where it is oxidised and re-incorporated into thyroglobulin .

The thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine released by proteolysis and so escaping de-iodination presumably diffuse into the blood stream .
the thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine [freed] by proteolysis and so escaping de-iodination presumably diffuse into the blood stream .

Figures reporting the volume of odd-lot purchases and odd-lot sales are released by the stock exchange and carried in the newspapers .
figures reporting the volume of odd-lot purchases and odd-lot sales are [freed] by the stock exchange and carried in the newspapers .

Thinking the evidence insufficient to get a conviction , he later released him .
thinking the evidence insufficient to get a conviction , he later [freed] him .

The kiss outraged our friends but it was done and meanwhile had released in me all the remote , exciting premonitions of lust , all the mysterious sensations that I had imagined a truly consummated kiss would convey to me .
the kiss outraged our friends but it was done and meanwhile had [freed] in me all the remote , exciting premonitions of lust , all the mysterious sensations that i had imagined a truly consummated kiss would convey to me .

He released her and joined Mike .
he [freed] her and joined mike .

He released her reluctantly for her enthusiastic reunion with Old Hap .
he [freed] her reluctantly for her enthusiastic reunion with old hap .

Rod and Dan released their holds on the arms of her hickory rocker and exchanged embarrassed grins .
rod and dan [freed] their holds on the arms of her hickory rocker and exchanged embarrassed grins .

Teeth again flashing back at me , the driver released a deluge of Spanish in which `` amigo '' appeared every so often like an island in the stormy waves of surrounding sound .
teeth again flashing back at me , the driver [freed] a deluge of spanish in which `` amigo '' appeared every so often like an island in the stormy waves of surrounding sound .

The clapping they made on the concrete interrupted him in the ecstatic pleasure he knew , so that he quickly released his hold on the goat and pretended to be examining its haunches for ticks .
the clapping they made on the concrete interrupted him in the ecstatic pleasure he knew , so that he quickly [freed] his hold on the goat and pretended to be examining its haunches for ticks .

By the time the film was released we were three million dollars over-spent , war was imminent and the public apparently had forgotten all about Mother Cabrini .
by the time the film was [freed] we were three million dollars over-spent , war was imminent and the public apparently had forgotten all about mother cabrini .

Johnson , took another taxi to Harrow , where the prison officer was released .
johnson , took another taxi to harrow , where the prison officer was [freed] .

Why was he released ? Family of shooting victim say gunman should not have been bailed .
why was he [freed] ? family of shooting victim say gunman should not have been bailed .

Relatives say he should not have been released .
relatives say he should not have been [freed] .

The officer was released unharmed a few hours later … but Johnson , described by the police as armed and dangerous was on the run until this afternoon , when he was captured in a car park at Radlett in Hertfordshire .
the officer was [freed] unharmed a few hours later … but johnson , described by the police as armed and dangerous was on the run until this afternoon , when he was captured in a car park at radlett in hertfordshire .

The Marquis of Blandford arrived at Chipping Norton magistrates court to face a charge of possessing a shot gun without a licence , only weeks after he was released from Oxford prison .
the marquis of blandford arrived at chipping norton magistrates court to face a charge of possessing a shot gun without a licence , only weeks after he was [freed] from oxford prison .

Two people have been arrested and released on police bail .
two people have been arrested and [freed] on police bail .

Black balloons were released with the same message , and at one point there was a shoot out , purely symbolic , of course .
black balloons were [freed] with the same message , and at one point there was a shoot out , purely symbolic , of course .

Thomas Rennie has been released from a twenty one month jail sentence , imposed last year , after he abducted his pregnant ex-girlfriend Marita Brown and her father in law Richard Loren from their home in Gloucestershire .
thomas rennie has been [freed] from a twenty one month jail sentence , imposed last year , after he abducted his pregnant ex-girlfriend marita brown and her father in law richard loren from their home in gloucestershire .

The wing fracture is a bad one , and he 'll have to be certain it has healed properly before the bird is released .
the wing fracture is a bad one , and he 'll have to be certain it has healed properly before the bird is [freed] .

She 'd been missing for 24 hours , her disappearance reported by her boyfriend , himself arrested and questioned by police , but then released .
she 'd been missing for 24 hours , her disappearance reported by her boyfriend , himself arrested and questioned by police , but then [freed] .

Today police released a photograph of Carol wearing the same jacket she had on the night she dissapeared .
today police [freed] a photograph of carol wearing the same jacket she had on the night she dissapeared .

Video pictures have been released of a man who tried to snatch a baby girl from her pushchair .
video pictures have been [freed] of a man who tried to snatch a baby girl from her pushchair .

There were around 80 arrests … some have been released without charge , some bailed . Police say they were determined to prevent the rave …
there were around 80 arrests … some have been [freed] without charge , some bailed . police say they were determined to prevent the rave …

But research released , along with his report , show those who do , will be far less likely to offend again , than people living other prisons , despite taking the country 's most violent criminals .
but research [freed] , along with his report , show those who do , will be far less likely to offend again , than people living other prisons , despite taking the country 's most violent criminals .

New research from Grendon 's psychology department shows 33% of Grendon graduates offended again within 2 years of being released , compared to 40% from normal prisons .
new research from grendon 's psychology department shows 33% of grendon graduates offended again within 2 years of being [freed] , compared to 40% from normal prisons .

Judith Ward released on bail after 18 years
judith ward [freed] on bail after 18 years

Police have released a video of a man who carried out three robberies including one where a shot was fired .
police have [freed] a video of a man who carried out three robberies including one where a shot was fired .

But any off-spring from Noddy and Rupert will be able to be released into the wild .
but any off-spring from noddy and rupert will be able to be [freed] into the wild .

An artist 's impression of a man who attacked a twelve year old girl has been released by police .
an artist 's impression of a man who attacked a twelve year old girl has been [freed] by police .

What 's being bid for Oxford United and more important who 's doing the bidding no-one except the Manor Ground management knows … no statement … no facts … no figures will be released until a deal is done … contracts are signed and the money is in the bank … What we do know is that two or three groups are involved and the sale could well turn into an auction … there 's local and national interest and at least one very well known figure is in the market to buy … speculation has named Virgin boss Richard Branson again … but his office said this afternoon he was n't in the running …
what 's being bid for oxford united and more important who 's doing the bidding no-one except the manor ground management knows … no statement … no facts … no figures will be [freed] until a deal is done … contracts are signed and the money is in the bank … what we do know is that two or three groups are involved and the sale could well turn into an auction … there 's local and national interest and at least one very well known figure is in the market to buy … speculation has named virgin boss richard branson again … but his office said this afternoon he was n't in the running …

This system of learning is very different for some students and it might help at the beginning of the academic year to introduce them to it in a more measured way and look at points of pressure during the year and see if they can be released without lowering standards
this system of learning is very different for some students and it might help at the beginning of the academic year to introduce them to it in a more measured way and look at points of pressure during the year and see if they can be [freed] without lowering standards

Nicholas says his delayed return — he was released last Novemebr , but only came back to Britain a fortnight ago — was due to difficulties in getting back his passport from the Goan authorities .
nicholas says his delayed return — he was [freed] last novemebr , but only came back to britain a fortnight ago — was due to difficulties in getting back his passport from the goan authorities .

One has now been released .
one has now been [freed] .

They provide some secure accomodation for the newly released badgers .
they provide some secure accomodation for the newly [freed] badgers .

He was taken to Cowley Police Station and released after two hours when Police realised his role was entirely innocent .
he was taken to cowley police station and [freed] after two hours when police realised his role was entirely innocent .

Mr Barker found himself an innocent victim and he was questioned and released . We will be taking no further action
mr barker found himself an innocent victim and he was questioned and [freed] . we will be taking no further action

Today police released more family pictures .
today police [freed] more family pictures .

Police have released a series of security photos of a man they believe has robbed more than twenty building societies .
police have [freed] a series of security photos of a man they believe has robbed more than twenty building societies .

His visit follows a report released earlier this week by Nacro … the National Association for Care and Resettlement of Offenders … showing Gloucester prison to be the most overcrowded in the country .
his visit follows a report [freed] earlier this week by nacro … the national association for care and resettlement of offenders … showing gloucester prison to be the most overcrowded in the country .

Today police released these pictures of the damage .
today police [freed] these pictures of the damage .

Police have released a video fit picture of a man they want to question in connection with three sex-attacks in Oxford .
police have [freed] a video fit picture of a man they want to question in connection with three sex-attacks in oxford .

Leyhill prison on the Gloucestershire Avon border is as far from the popular conception of a jail as you can get.Modern buildings cluster around borders boasting blooms that many public parks would be hard pressed to match.Leyhill is an open prison … the last port of call for inmates nearing the end of their sentences.A hundred prisoners work on the nearly forty acres of lawns , borders and market gardens.Their skills won them a silver medal at Chelsea for this display of garden design.And at Leyhill , they 've created a spectacular show … with drifts of brightly coloured pelargoniums competing for attention with giant cannas … and a fine show of roses.New borders are being created all the time … giving the prisoners an opportunity to express themselves and learn techniques that could help them go straight when they 're released :
leyhill prison on the gloucestershire avon border is as far from the popular conception of a jail as you can get.modern buildings cluster around borders boasting blooms that many public parks would be hard pressed to match.leyhill is an open prison … the last port of call for inmates nearing the end of their sentences.a hundred prisoners work on the nearly forty acres of lawns , borders and market gardens.their skills won them a silver medal at chelsea for this display of garden design.and at leyhill , they 've created a spectacular show … with drifts of brightly coloured pelargoniums competing for attention with giant cannas … and a fine show of roses.new borders are being created all the time … giving the prisoners an opportunity to express themselves and learn techniques that could help them go straight when they 're [freed] :

He 's learned a lot of skills and hopes to work as a gardener when he 's released .
he 's learned a lot of skills and hopes to work as a gardener when he 's [freed] .

Working outside gets him acclimatized to meeting other people before being released .
working outside gets him acclimatized to meeting other people before being [freed] .

She says it 's when they get released back to the wild that it 's best .
she says it 's when they get [freed] back to the wild that it 's best .

She says it 's when they get released back to the wild that it 's best .
she says it 's when they get [freed] back to the wild that it 's best .

Despite being arrested thirty-five times — once after allegedly taking part in this high-speed chase across three counties — he 's always had to be released from police cells after being granted bail .
despite being arrested thirty-five times — once after allegedly taking part in this high-speed chase across three counties — he 's always had to be [freed] from police cells after being granted bail .

They 've all been released without charged .
they 've all been [freed] without charged .

If the animal is free of tuberculosis , it can be released unharmed .
if the animal is free of tuberculosis , it can be [freed] unharmed .

They released 368 balloons ; one for every school in the County .
they [freed] 368 balloons ; one for every school in the county .

She 's appalled by the sentence which will see Clarke released in under a year .
she 's appalled by the sentence which will see clarke [freed] in under a year .

Hopefully when emotions have settled down , he might be able to make an offer to them when he 's released .
hopefully when emotions have settled down , he might be able to make an offer to them when he 's [freed] .

We want £23 million from the sale of council houses released to get construction going .
we want £23 million from the sale of council houses [freed] to get construction going .

His mother has been fighting a campaign to have him released ever since .
his mother has been fighting a campaign to have him [freed] ever since .

Peter Righton from Evesham in Worcestershire , was questioned and later released on bail .
peter righton from evesham in worcestershire , was questioned and later [freed] on bail .

Blandford released
blandford [freed]

He 'd been released on bail by Cheltenham magistrates after being charged with raping a twenty year old woman .
he 'd been [freed] on bail by cheltenham magistrates after being charged with raping a twenty year old woman .

It will now be for the Home Secretary to decided when he 'd released although he could be transferred to a hospital in France .
it will now be for the home secretary to decided when he 'd [freed] although he could be transferred to a hospital in france .

Now a new method has been developed , in which the animals are trapped , tested on site and released if they 're free from the disease .
now a new method has been developed , in which the animals are trapped , tested on site and [freed] if they 're free from the disease .

So many have been released in the wild that they 're threatening native species .
so many have been [freed] in the wild that they 're threatening native species .

Residents of the Shetland Isles are now under threat from toxic fumes released in the oil tanker crash .
residents of the shetland isles are now under threat from toxic fumes [freed] in the oil tanker crash .

The court heard there was a possible threat to their safety should they be released on bail .
the court heard there was a possible threat to their safety should they be [freed] on bail .

But others will be kept in cages until they 're well enough to be released on another coastline unaffected by the oil slick .
but others will be kept in cages until they 're well enough to be [freed] on another coastline unaffected by the oil slick .

He says that certain morphine like substances are released from the brain during acupuncture .
he says that certain morphine like substances are [freed] from the brain during acupuncture .

It 's unlikely Ron will ever be released from Broadmoor .
it 's unlikely ron will ever be [freed] from broadmoor .

There were rumours earlier today that the two men had already been released .
there were rumours earlier today that the two men had already been [freed] .

Officers are fed up with seeing offenders caught and then released by the court .
officers are fed up with seeing offenders caught and then [freed] by the court .

Two and a half million families are being crippled by mounting debts according to an independent report just released .
two and a half million families are being crippled by mounting debts according to an independent report just [freed] .

Police hunting a man who threatened to kill a pensioner have released a security video of her attacker .
police hunting a man who threatened to kill a pensioner have [freed] a security video of her attacker .

One man had his ear sliced off in the fight and another was arrested , but later released .
one man had his ear sliced off in the fight and another was arrested , but later [freed] .

Sherry , by Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons , was one of the fastest climbing chart toppers of all time when it was released in Britain in 1962 .
sherry , by frankie valli and the four seasons , was one of the fastest climbing chart toppers of all time when it was [freed] in britain in 1962 .

Woman hired to kill by a family is released from jail .
woman hired to kill by a family is [freed] from jail .

The man she tried to kill says he 's happy that his wife and family have been released .
the man she tried to kill says he 's happy that his wife and family have been [freed] .

Afterwards he took her to the entrance of the Priors Park Estate , where he released her .
afterwards he took her to the entrance of the priors park estate , where he [freed] her .

Official figures released today prove that Britain is locked into the longest recession since the Second World War .
official figures [freed] today prove that britain is locked into the longest recession since the second world war .

Two million people have been to see the film Jurassic Park since it was released in British cinemas just five days ago .
two million people have been to see the film jurassic park since it was [freed] in british cinemas just five days ago .

Three people have been released on police bail following an attempt to smuggle drugs into a prison .
three people have been [freed] on police bail following an attempt to smuggle drugs into a prison .

Some are recovering from being injured in road accidents , and will be released back into the wild when they can fend for themselves .
some are recovering from being injured in road accidents , and will be [freed] back into the wild when they can fend for themselves .

Police have released a series of security photos of a man they believe has carried out more than twenty armed raids .
police have [freed] a series of security photos of a man they believe has carried out more than twenty armed raids .

Police released this series of photographs taken by a security camera at the Leeds Building Society on Westgate Street in Gloucester .
police [freed] this series of photographs taken by a security camera at the leeds building society on westgate street in gloucester .

The cubs will be released onto private estates where the staff can keep their eyes on them .
the cubs will be [freed] onto private estates where the staff can keep their eyes on them .

Video pictures of the raid on the Cancer Research Institute at Oxford 's Churchill hospital were released to the Press by the Animal Liberation Front in July 1991 .
video pictures of the raid on the cancer research institute at oxford 's churchill hospital were [freed] to the press by the animal liberation front in july 1991 .

But although figures released by the Home Office today show some grounds for optimism , robbery and burglary , the crimes people fear most , are still on the increase .
but although figures [freed] by the home office today show some grounds for optimism , robbery and burglary , the crimes people fear most , are still on the increase .

Andrew Hayton was released from jail after serving just half his three month jail term .
andrew hayton was [freed] from jail after serving just half his three month jail term .

But no charges have been brought and they 've been released on police bail .
but no charges have been brought and they 've been [freed] on police bail .

No charges have been brought , and they 've been released on police bail .
no charges have been brought , and they 've been [freed] on police bail .

Kidnap woman released after
kidnap woman [freed] after

The estate agent , Stephanie Slater , has been released by her kidnapper after a ransom of one hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds was paid .
the estate agent , stephanie slater , has been [freed] by her kidnapper after a ransom of one hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds was paid .

Mrs Lundberg is in hospital with knife wounds , her son has been treated and released .
mrs lundberg is in hospital with knife wounds , her son has been treated and [freed] .

That song 's written nineteen eighty four and released in November nineteen eighty five .
that song 's written nineteen eighty four and [freed] in november nineteen eighty five .

get released in England at all for years , next year .
get [freed] in england at all for years , next year .

Must be released it .
must be [freed] it .

Oh he 's a kind of , he gets released for favours done .
oh he 's a kind of , he gets [freed] for favours done .

released an album on the strength of that song .
[freed] an album on the strength of that song .

Yeah , he 's released it .
yeah , he 's [freed] it .

erm developed and it 's gon na be released in the next few months
erm developed and it 's gon na be [freed] in the next few months

Well , it 's going to be released on the twenty seventh .
well , it 's going to be [freed] on the twenty seventh .

The statement released after the meeting in Dundee underlined Labour 's pledge to create a Scottish parliament and committed Scottish Labour MPs to returning any privatised water services to public ownership — a significant shift from its previous promise of ‘ public control . ’
the statement [freed] after the meeting in dundee underlined labour 's pledge to create a scottish parliament and committed scottish labour mps to returning any privatised water services to public ownership — a significant shift from its previous promise of ‘ public control . ’

Under what circumstances it is released we need to discover ; maybe it is only released under special circumstances , maybe it is released all the time .
under what circumstances it is [freed] we need to discover ; maybe it is only [freed] under special circumstances , maybe it is [freed] all the time .

The plan may also encounter obstacles from the Scottish Higher Education Funding Council , which will put pressure on institutions to use their space for more of each day , week and year before cash is released for expanding space .
the plan may also encounter obstacles from the scottish higher education funding council , which will put pressure on institutions to use their space for more of each day , week and year before cash is [freed] for expanding space .

He said that 1,000 mega becquerels ( MBq ) of radioactive material had been released , but emissions were now down to 20MBq over 24 hours .
he said that 1,000 mega becquerels ( mbq ) of radioactive material had been [freed] , but emissions were now down to 20mbq over 24 hours .

The minister told a questioner later : ‘ To somehow suggest that this incident of 1,000MBq released into the atmosphere is somehow responsible for massive contamination of the food chain … it clearly is nonsense to suggest that or to compare it in any way with Chernobyl . ’
the minister told a questioner later : ‘ to somehow suggest that this incident of 1,000mbq [freed] into the atmosphere is somehow responsible for massive contamination of the food chain … it clearly is nonsense to suggest that or to compare it in any way with chernobyl . ’

After Allitt 's arrest in May , she had been released on police bail and gone to stay with the family of a fellow nurse and former flatmate , Tracey Jobson , in Peterborough .
after allitt 's arrest in may , she had been [freed] on police bail and gone to stay with the family of a fellow nurse and former flatmate , tracey jobson , in peterborough .

Allitt was arrested on 21 May and released the next day .
allitt was arrested on 21 may and [freed] the next day .

Dr Forwell , in his final annual report released in December , made a stinging attack on Government policy and drew a direct link between deprivation and ill-health in Glasgow .
dr forwell , in his final annual report [freed] in december , made a stinging attack on government policy and drew a direct link between deprivation and ill-health in glasgow .

He added that the public fishery should benefit from the spatfall ( the shellfish spawn ) which would be released into the sea from the ranched scallops .
he added that the public fishery should benefit from the spatfall ( the shellfish spawn ) which would be [freed] into the sea from the ranched scallops .

Figures released yesterday show a surplus of £2.1 million last year , after the £601,000 surplus in 1991 .
figures [freed] yesterday show a surplus of £2.1 million last year , after the £601,000 surplus in 1991 .

He said he planned to write a book about the 1989 protests and that he had no plans to go overseas , as several other released political prisoners have done .
he said he planned to write a book about the 1989 protests and that he had no plans to go overseas , as several other [freed] political prisoners have done .

‘ So far , all the students who violated the criminal law during the anti-government disturbances in 1989 and were sentenced to different terms of imprisonment have been released , ’ the agency said .
‘ so far , all the students who violated the criminal law during the anti-government disturbances in 1989 and were sentenced to different terms of imprisonment have been [freed] , ’ the agency said .

China also released a Roman Catholic bishop yesterday .
china also [freed] a roman catholic bishop yesterday .

Beijing , worried that the United States ' new administration of President Bill Clinton will be tough on human rights , has recently released a handful of imprisoned dissidents and let others leave the country .
beijing , worried that the united states ' new administration of president bill clinton will be tough on human rights , has recently [freed] a handful of imprisoned dissidents and let others leave the country .

Mr Guo , 27 , also a prominent dissident sentenced to four years in prison , was scheduled to be released on 3 June , 1993 .
mr guo , 27 , also a prominent dissident sentenced to four years in prison , was scheduled to be [freed] on 3 june , 1993 .

Asia Watch , however , makes the point that workers and intellectuals were the real target of the authorities ' retribution after the 1989 protests , and says it is too early to talk of a more liberal approach until many more of those prisoners are released .
asia watch , however , makes the point that workers and intellectuals were the real target of the authorities ' retribution after the 1989 protests , and says it is too early to talk of a more liberal approach until many more of those prisoners are [freed] .

Detailed descriptions of the boys were released yesterday after police photographic specialists enhanced the security video pictures of the boys leading two-year-old James from the shopping centre .
detailed descriptions of the boys were [freed] yesterday after police photographic specialists enhanced the security video pictures of the boys leading two-year-old james from the shopping centre .

He was later released after being eliminated from the inquiry .
he was later [freed] after being eliminated from the inquiry .

Meanwhile , police last night hit back at a lawyer 's claim that they had mishandled the arrest of a 12-year-old boy who was released and eliminated from the inquiry last Wednesday .
meanwhile , police last night hit back at a lawyer 's claim that they had mishandled the arrest of a 12-year-old boy who was [freed] and eliminated from the inquiry last wednesday .

The names of the accused have not been released .
the names of the accused have not been [freed] .

Three men and the youth were later released without charge .
three men and the youth were later [freed] without charge .

One man was charged with disorderly conduct and bailed ; a sixth , arrested for disorderly behaviour and criminal damage , was released on police bail .
one man was charged with disorderly conduct and bailed ; a sixth , arrested for disorderly behaviour and criminal damage , was [freed] on police bail .

Meanwhile , output from North Sea oilfields was only marginally affected by January gales , according to figures released last night by the Edinburgh energy consultants , Wood Mackenzie .
meanwhile , output from north sea oilfields was only marginally affected by january gales , according to figures [freed] last night by the edinburgh energy consultants , wood mackenzie .

Mr Murphy was released yesterday after statements were produced in court from witnesses who said he had been at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting in Uxbridge , west London , at the time of the bombing .
mr murphy was [freed] yesterday after statements were produced in court from witnesses who said he had been at an alcoholics anonymous meeting in uxbridge , west london , at the time of the bombing .

He was released and will be sentenced by Lord Cowie at the end of the trial .
he was [freed] and will be sentenced by lord cowie at the end of the trial .

It is understood samples taken for analysis showed three times more iodine 129 than permitted was released into the atmosphere .
it is understood samples taken for analysis showed three times more iodine 129 than permitted was [freed] into the atmosphere .

The album , Unplugged , which contains the song , Tears in Heaven , was almost not released , Clapton said .
the album , unplugged , which contains the song , tears in heaven , was almost not [freed] , clapton said .

Sheriff Jessop deferred sentence for background reports until 18 March and released Say on bail .
sheriff jessop deferred sentence for background reports until 18 march and [freed] say on bail .

June census results released
june census results [freed]

According to Scottish Financial Enterprise , which released the figures yesterday , the increase illustrates the ability of the Scottish financial sector to compete ‘ in even the toughest economic climate ’ .
according to scottish financial enterprise , which [freed] the figures yesterday , the increase illustrates the ability of the scottish financial sector to compete ‘ in even the toughest economic climate ’ .

His investigation of the plans was released ahead of the white paper on energy supplies in the wake of the controversy over British Coal plans to close 31 pits as a result of the dash for gas .
his investigation of the plans was [freed] ahead of the white paper on energy supplies in the wake of the controversy over british coal plans to close 31 pits as a result of the dash for gas .

Figures released by the Council of Mortgage Lenders last week show that about 80,000 homes were repossessed by lenders in 1991 .
figures [freed] by the council of mortgage lenders last week show that about 80,000 homes were repossessed by lenders in 1991 .

The businessman , his wife Sylvia and business partner Barry Braund , from Cleveland , were released on bail without being charged .
the businessman , his wife sylvia and business partner barry braund , from cleveland , were [freed] on bail without being charged .

Mr Finnegan , his wife Sylvia and Mr Barry Braund , his business partner from Cleveland , were released on bail without charge after being questioned at Northallerton police station .
mr finnegan , his wife sylvia and mr barry braund , his business partner from cleveland , were [freed] on bail without charge after being questioned at northallerton police station .

Darren Atkinson , of Eldon Street , was released after treatment at Darlington Memorial Hospital .
darren atkinson , of eldon street , was [freed] after treatment at darlington memorial hospital .

Scores of existing officers will be released for active duty by the creation of a police civil service .
scores of existing officers will be [freed] for active duty by the creation of a police civil service .

The Government conceded defeat on the whole ‘ additionality ’ issue and the Euro money could be released for the former coalfield areas .
the government conceded defeat on the whole ‘ additionality ’ issue and the euro money could be [freed] for the former coalfield areas .

The court was told the offences were committed in August , 1981 , four months after Dakers had been released on parole from a four-year prison term imposed for burglary , theft and handling .
the court was told the offences were committed in august , 1981 , four months after dakers had been [freed] on parole from a four-year prison term imposed for burglary , theft and handling .

‘ One of the most frustrating things for the police is to see someone they have spent weeks tracking down released on bail and subsequently re-offending .
‘ one of the most frustrating things for the police is to see someone they have spent weeks tracking down [freed] on bail and subsequently re-offending .

The man , who was trapped after the crash at temporary traffic lights , had to be released by the fire brigade .
the man , who was trapped after the crash at temporary traffic lights , had to be [freed] by the fire brigade .

Mr Stewart , managing director of Rogerson 's Developments , faced no further charges and was released at that stage .
mr stewart , managing director of rogerson 's developments , faced no further charges and was [freed] at that stage .

All prisoners serving a year or more will be put on licence when released and supervised up to the three-quarter point of their sentence and , for some sex offenders until the end of their sentence ;
all prisoners serving a year or more will be put on licence when [freed] and supervised up to the three-quarter point of their sentence and , for some sex offenders until the end of their sentence ;

Next month , the man jailed for life for the murder , Geordie Beattie , is expected to be released on licence from Edinburgh 's Saughton Prison .
next month , the man jailed for life for the murder , geordie beattie , is expected to be [freed] on licence from edinburgh 's saughton prison .

It is that forensic report and another on the comparison of blood samples from the victim and on a tissue found in one of Beattie 's jackets , but not the one he was wearing on the night of the murder , which those trying to clear his name now want released .
it is that forensic report and another on the comparison of blood samples from the victim and on a tissue found in one of beattie 's jackets , but not the one he was wearing on the night of the murder , which those trying to clear his name now want [freed] .

In a statement released yesterday the finance minister , Theo Waigel , said the agreement would have positive effects on the financial market , and he believed it would be judged positively by the Bundesbank .
in a statement [freed] yesterday the finance minister , theo waigel , said the agreement would have positive effects on the financial market , and he believed it would be judged positively by the bundesbank .

She was released after treatment .
she was [freed] after treatment .

She was released after treatment .
she was [freed] after treatment .

She was released after treatment .
she was [freed] after treatment .

Campaign to help find released offenders decent places to live Audrey Gillan speaks to a former convict and drunk back on the right track now he has his own home .
campaign to help find [freed] offenders decent places to live audrey gillan speaks to a former convict and drunk back on the right track now he has his own home .

Former Constable Murdo O'Connor , 31 , was immediately released pending an appeal against sentence .
former constable murdo o'connor , 31 , was immediately [freed] pending an appeal against sentence .

But before then The Battle of the Atlantic Suite will have been released on compact disc , depicting a Murmansk convoy in the dark days of the war .
but before then the battle of the atlantic suite will have been [freed] on compact disc , depicting a murmansk convoy in the dark days of the war .

Colonel Guillermo Benavides and Lieutenant Yusshy Mendoza , both serving 30 years in prison for killing six Jesuit priests in 1989 , will be released under the amnesty .
colonel guillermo benavides and lieutenant yusshy mendoza , both serving 30 years in prison for killing six jesuit priests in 1989 , will be [freed] under the amnesty .

The heavily armed gunmen initially took 24 hostages , but later released 14 .
the heavily armed gunmen initially took 24 hostages , but later [freed] 14 .

The justice ministry said yesterday , however , that because they had been held for more than two years without trial , they were released .
the justice ministry said yesterday , however , that because they had been held for more than two years without trial , they were [freed] .

Seven cult members , most of them elderly , left the compound in Waco , Texas , on Sunday in three groups , the largest number to be released since the first week of the siege when two adults and 21 children left .
seven cult members , most of them elderly , left the compound in waco , texas , on sunday in three groups , the largest number to be [freed] since the first week of the siege when two adults and 21 children left .

But he released a decree placing the media under his protection and ordering the ministry of the interior to take ‘ necessary measures ’ to defend the state-run television , radio and information agencies .
but he [freed] a decree placing the media under his protection and ordering the ministry of the interior to take ‘ necessary measures ’ to defend the state-run television , radio and information agencies .

Money released on that scale could make a vital contribution to closing a gap of about £3 billion a year in investment in affordable , rented accommodation over Britain as a whole , the report states .
money [freed] on that scale could make a vital contribution to closing a gap of about £3 billion a year in investment in affordable , rented accommodation over britain as a whole , the report states .

Although case studies were carried out in Scotland as well as in England , the report makes no estimate of the level of investment that could be released north of the Border .
although case studies were carried out in scotland as well as in england , the report makes no estimate of the level of investment that could be [freed] north of the border .

However , The Scotsman has learned of the existence of considerable amount of unpublished medical evidence which may now be released by care workers concerned that the campaign to return the children home will succeed .
however , the scotsman has learned of the existence of considerable amount of unpublished medical evidence which may now be [freed] by care workers concerned that the campaign to return the children home will succeed .

After the president 's office had released his controversial decree without any reference to a ‘ special order ’ of rule — the provision that had most alarmed the legislature — observers said it was not clear whether he had revised the decree to meet the demands of the Constitutional Court and parliament or had exaggerated its harshness in his weekend speech .
after the president 's office had [freed] his controversial decree without any reference to a ‘ special order ’ of rule — the provision that had most alarmed the legislature — observers said it was not clear whether he had revised the decree to meet the demands of the constitutional court and parliament or had exaggerated its harshness in his weekend speech .

But there is one major hurdle to overcome before the pent-up reservoir of top genetic material in Britain can be released to Europe — the export ban on live cattle brought in almost exactly three years ago after the bovine spongiform encephalopathy scare .
but there is one major hurdle to overcome before the pent-up reservoir of top genetic material in britain can be [freed] to europe — the export ban on live cattle brought in almost exactly three years ago after the bovine spongiform encephalopathy scare .

The census office has warned that some of the information released could be misleading until it has been fully analysed .
the census office has warned that some of the information [freed] could be misleading until it has been fully analysed .

Which means that owners who have released land under the licence system which was established in 1948 to allow land to be occupied and farmed without the owner being trapped by tenancy conditions may not be able to re-occupy it within the stated term .
which means that owners who have [freed] land under the licence system which was established in 1948 to allow land to be occupied and farmed without the owner being trapped by tenancy conditions may not be able to re-occupy it within the stated term .

Government estimates released last year suggest the lowest rate for Council Tax for people living in houses worth less than £40,000 will be £301 .
government estimates [freed] last year suggest the lowest rate for council tax for people living in houses worth less than £40,000 will be £301 .

Last year 12 police posts were filled with civilians and under this year 's programme 20 more officers will be released for crimebusting duties .
last year 12 police posts were filled with civilians and under this year 's programme 20 more officers will be [freed] for crimebusting duties .

The waiting list figures , released three weeks early by the Department of Health , show that the number of people waiting over two years for treatment in the Northern Region has dropped from 1,474 at the end of March , 1991 .
the waiting list figures , [freed] three weeks early by the department of health , show that the number of people waiting over two years for treatment in the northern region has dropped from 1,474 at the end of march , 1991 .

Happily , he was released after treatment .
happily , he was [freed] after treatment .

Two other youths being questioned were released earlier in the day .
two other youths being questioned were [freed] earlier in the day .

In pursuit of this , the channel released a veritable blizzard of love and sex , 18 hours and 25 minutes of viewing , of which the most bizarre 20 minutes was surely The Naked Chat Show .
in pursuit of this , the channel [freed] a veritable blizzard of love and sex , 18 hours and 25 minutes of viewing , of which the most bizarre 20 minutes was surely the naked chat show .

Almost all of them were released without charge , much later .
almost all of them were [freed] without charge , much later .

But according to research released yesterday , the facts do n't quite fit the script .
but according to research [freed] yesterday , the facts do n't quite fit the script .

According to information just released , only a quarter of the unemployed are supported by a National Insurance benefit , while two thirds are forced to rely on means-tested schemes .
according to information just [freed] , only a quarter of the unemployed are supported by a national insurance benefit , while two thirds are forced to rely on means-tested schemes .

McHale is giving a trial to 6ft 1in goalkeeper Ian Taylor , 24 , who has been released by Carlisle United .
mchale is giving a trial to 6ft 1in goalkeeper ian taylor , 24 , who has been [freed] by carlisle united .

Figures to be officially released this week reveal that long-term unemployment has rocketed by nearly 25pc in the North over the last year .
figures to be officially [freed] this week reveal that long-term unemployment has rocketed by nearly 25pc in the north over the last year .

Hinchley was released by Darlington as a youngster .
hinchley was [freed] by darlington as a youngster .

This is Hinchley 's second spell at Feethams , after being released by Dave Booth as a teenager .
this is hinchley 's second spell at feethams , after being [freed] by dave booth as a teenager .

Mitch Cook 's free-kick was hacked clear to Steve O'Shaughnessy on the edge of the box , where the Bradford old boy he was released by them as a youngster let fly with a powerful right-foot shot which Bradford keeper Paul Tomlinson allowed to slip under his body .
mitch cook 's free-kick was hacked clear to steve o'shaughnessy on the edge of the box , where the bradford old boy he was [freed] by them as a youngster let fly with a powerful right-foot shot which bradford keeper paul tomlinson allowed to slip under his body .

Hankin , who spent 18 months at Peterborough under John Wile before being released in 1985 , saw his young braves survive numerous corners and hold on to a point against a side who have seen off Liverpool and Newcastle at home this season .
hankin , who spent 18 months at peterborough under john wile before being [freed] in 1985 , saw his young braves survive numerous corners and hold on to a point against a side who have seen off liverpool and newcastle at home this season .

Figures released by the Department of Health this week show that the number of reported cases rose from around 40,000 in 1988 to nearly 56,000 in 1990 .
figures [freed] by the department of health this week show that the number of reported cases rose from around 40,000 in 1988 to nearly 56,000 in 1990 .

‘ One day ’ ; ‘ eventually ’ ; Salman Rushdie is not expecting to be released from his invisible chains tomorrow .
‘ one day ’ ; ‘ eventually ’ ; salman rushdie is not expecting to be [freed] from his invisible chains tomorrow .

The book is released in Britain tomorrow and Brian Pendreigh assesses its arguments and evaluates its conclusions
the book is [freed] in britain tomorrow and brian pendreigh assesses its arguments and evaluates its conclusions

It is hoped that more than 15,000 balloons will be released from the park and four other locations .
it is hoped that more than 15,000 balloons will be [freed] from the park and four other locations .

The latest official road safety figures released here show that not only are French roads still among the most murderous in Europe but that within France the highest number of dead and injured are on roads in and around Marseilles .
the latest official road safety figures [freed] here show that not only are french roads still among the most murderous in europe but that within france the highest number of dead and injured are on roads in and around marseilles .

The attack happened when the dog got loose near Anthony 's home on Sunday , but details were only released today .
the attack happened when the dog got loose near anthony 's home on sunday , but details were only [freed] today .

The force has come in for criticism in the past two months after figures released on the constabulary 's ‘ crime-free day ’ in April showed Cheshire had suffered the highest rise in crime in the country .
the force has come in for criticism in the past two months after figures [freed] on the constabulary 's ‘ crime-free day ’ in april showed cheshire had suffered the highest rise in crime in the country .

Figures released yesterday for the first four months of the year show total crime in the county is up 12pc on this time last year , with the detection rate down by 3pc .
figures [freed] yesterday for the first four months of the year show total crime in the county is up 12pc on this time last year , with the detection rate down by 3pc .

She released him from the leather strap then ran next door to call the police .
she [freed] him from the leather strap then ran next door to call the police .

He was rushed to hospital on the day of the crash with his wife Ethel and young granddaughter , both passengers in the car , was released later the same day after receiving three stitches to a head wound .
he was rushed to hospital on the day of the crash with his wife ethel and young granddaughter , both passengers in the car , was [freed] later the same day after receiving three stitches to a head wound .

Personal details about the doctor are not Continued on Page 2 Continued from Page 1 being released but he is undergoing treatment and is expected to be back at work soon .
personal details about the doctor are not continued on page 2 continued from page 1 being [freed] but he is undergoing treatment and is expected to be back at work soon .

He rejected an initial request for a meeting , indicating that a consultation paper would soon be released .
he rejected an initial request for a meeting , indicating that a consultation paper would soon be [freed] .

Figures released yesterday showed 300,000 people in Wales indulged in a heavy drinking session every week .
figures [freed] yesterday showed 300,000 people in wales indulged in a heavy drinking session every week .

And a couple of minutes later , after Garry Haylock released Alan Dornan down the right , the latter 's cross was met by Johnston at the near post .
and a couple of minutes later , after garry haylock [freed] alan dornan down the right , the latter 's cross was met by johnston at the near post .

Then six minutes from the break Mark Burns won possession superbly and released young Keith Alexander who dispatched the ball past Great Britain goalkeeper David Luckes .
then six minutes from the break mark burns won possession superbly and [freed] young keith alexander who dispatched the ball past great britain goalkeeper david luckes .

They were all later released after police dropped charges that they illegally imported anabolic steroids into the country .
they were all later [freed] after police dropped charges that they illegally imported anabolic steroids into the country .

The figures , released by the Department of Environment , support optimism among mortgage lenders that a housing recovery is under way .
the figures , [freed] by the department of environment , support optimism among mortgage lenders that a housing recovery is under way .

They were all later released after police dropped charges that they illegally imported anabolic steroids into the country .
they were all later [freed] after police dropped charges that they illegally imported anabolic steroids into the country .

Figures released today reported that in the year ending March 31 profits before tax were £10.3m compared with £7.7m in 1992 .
figures [freed] today reported that in the year ending march 31 profits before tax were £10.3m compared with £7.7m in 1992 .

Two juveniles were released on police bail , and early today eight were still in custody .
two juveniles were [freed] on police bail , and early today eight were still in custody .

He said a number of people had been arrested in connection with the crime but were later released without charge .
he said a number of people had been arrested in connection with the crime but were later [freed] without charge .

Even though Frodo was also under the spell of the Ring and clearly unable to throw it away , Gollum 's own greed released Frodo from his torment and ended his quest for him .
even though frodo was also under the spell of the ring and clearly unable to throw it away , gollum 's own greed [freed] frodo from his torment and ended his quest for him .

His breath forms smoke clouds as they are released from his tight pouting lips .
his breath forms smoke clouds as they are [freed] from his tight pouting lips .

This time he was not released .
this time he was not [freed] .

The string of the bow , snapping at the notch , coiled with a fierce whine about Isambard 's arm , like a spring released .
the string of the bow , snapping at the notch , coiled with a fierce whine about isambard 's arm , like a spring [freed] .

After another two-hour session on the now freezing parade ground they were released for supper .
after another two-hour session on the now freezing parade ground they were [freed] for supper .

Now an acting sergeant , he had a platoon of forty men to prepare for battle , all of whom still came under the overall command of Captain Trentham , who had n't been seen since the day Tommy had been released .
now an acting sergeant , he had a platoon of forty men to prepare for battle , all of whom still came under the overall command of captain trentham , who had n't been seen since the day tommy had been [freed] .

Tommy bolted off like a greyhound released from the slips , and the two other men watched as he scampered across the open ground , until some twenty seconds later he reached the safety of the trees .
tommy bolted off like a greyhound [freed] from the slips , and the two other men watched as he scampered across the open ground , until some twenty seconds later he reached the safety of the trees .

Television stardom ( Man About The House is soon to be released on video ) ; holidays in America ( her husband is American and they spend a lot of time over there ) ; work in Los Angeles ( last year she appeared in Alan Aykbourn 's Henceforward .
television stardom ( man about the house is soon to be [freed] on video ) ; holidays in america ( her husband is american and they spend a lot of time over there ) ; work in los angeles ( last year she appeared in alan aykbourn 's henceforward .

No further details of the Guest family were released in a bid to protect their privacy .
no further details of the guest family were [freed] in a bid to protect their privacy .

Do n't Sing was the first single to chart , though it was n't until When Love Breaks Down was released for the second time in 1985 that things really started to happen .
do n't sing was the first single to chart , though it was n't until when love breaks down was [freed] for the second time in 1985 that things really started to happen .

They have just released their debut album Need For Not , which Dave says is a critique of the capitalist way of life today .
they have just [freed] their debut album need for not , which dave says is a critique of the capitalist way of life today .

‘ You can buy a copy of an album or a video in Moscow the day after it is released in the West , ’ says Grigoriev .
‘ you can buy a copy of an album or a video in moscow the day after it is [freed] in the west , ’ says grigoriev .

Details were released by Minister of State for Wales , Sir Wyn Roberts .
details were [freed] by minister of state for wales , sir wyn roberts .

He was quickly released on police bail and has not been interviewed again .
he was quickly [freed] on police bail and has not been interviewed again .

Curve , who are in the middle of a nationwide tour , have just released a new single Fait Accompli .
curve , who are in the middle of a nationwide tour , have just [freed] a new single fait accompli .

Christian and Chelsea were allowed home for New Year but Andrew , who has had five heart murmurs , was released just a few days ago .
christian and chelsea were allowed home for new year but andrew , who has had five heart murmurs , was [freed] just a few days ago .

National statistics released this week showed the cost of vandalism and arson attacks on schools had doubled in a year from £60m .
national statistics [freed] this week showed the cost of vandalism and arson attacks on schools had doubled in a year from £60m .

The driver of the Toyota was trapped by the feet in the wreckage of the car and had to be released by firemen .
the driver of the toyota was trapped by the feet in the wreckage of the car and had to be [freed] by firemen .

He was alleged to have breached confidentiality when he released details of an incident involving an elderly , dying man .
he was alleged to have breached confidentiality when he [freed] details of an incident involving an elderly , dying man .

Mr Nichol , now 24 , was charged in February last year and spent four and a half months in custody before being released on bail .
mr nichol , now 24 , was charged in february last year and spent four and a half months in custody before being [freed] on bail .

Salmon released to restock river
salmon [freed] to restock river

Now fully waymarked , the route is described in a booklet which has just been released .
now fully waymarked , the route is described in a booklet which has just been [freed] .

Five of the injured passengers were treated at Middlesbrough General Hospital and later released .
five of the injured passengers were treated at middlesbrough general hospital and later [freed] .

Three others were released on unconditional police bail .
three others were [freed] on unconditional police bail .

Mr Smedley was involved in an argument early on Saturday morning although police only released details of the incident yesterday .
mr smedley was involved in an argument early on saturday morning although police only [freed] details of the incident yesterday .

The men have not been charged and have been released on police bail .
the men have not been charged and have been [freed] on police bail .

Police released :
police [freed] :

The men , all under 25 , were questioned yesterday at Middlesbrough police station before being released on bail pending further investigations .
the men , all under 25 , were questioned yesterday at middlesbrough police station before being [freed] on bail pending further investigations .

National figures released by the Municipal Mutual Insurance company show that just £1.50 is spent per head each year on books for schoolchildren while £13.47 is spent on repairs .
national figures [freed] by the municipal mutual insurance company show that just £1.50 is spent per head each year on books for schoolchildren while £13.47 is spent on repairs .

She decided to speak out after recent figures released by the Department of Health showed that the number of people waiting over two years for treatment in the Nothern Region had dropped from 1,474 at the end of March 1991 to just one now .
she decided to speak out after recent figures [freed] by the department of health showed that the number of people waiting over two years for treatment in the nothern region had dropped from 1,474 at the end of march 1991 to just one now .

He agreed with Labour 's policy that capital receipts from council house sales should be released to build new houses .
he agreed with labour 's policy that capital receipts from council house sales should be [freed] to build new houses .

Willemina Saunders , 78 , and Florence Jarnell , 85 , were released after treatment and are staying with relatives .
willemina saunders , 78 , and florence jarnell , 85 , were [freed] after treatment and are staying with relatives .

The identity of the wounded man is not being released by police .
the identity of the wounded man is not being [freed] by police .

Mr Nellis was also treated and was later released .
mr nellis was also treated and was later [freed] .

Mr Kirwan , who suffered hypothermia , concussion , shoulder and chest injuries and bruising , was released yesterday lunchtime .
mr kirwan , who suffered hypothermia , concussion , shoulder and chest injuries and bruising , was [freed] yesterday lunchtime .

Leanne was also taken to hospital , suffering from shock , but was later released into police custody .
leanne was also taken to hospital , suffering from shock , but was later [freed] into police custody .

According to figures released by Durham constabulary there are 15,931 firearms legally held in the county , 11,098 are shotguns .
according to figures [freed] by durham constabulary there are 15,931 firearms legally held in the county , 11,098 are shotguns .

Meanwhile they have released a new single Always The Last To Know a mellow , melodic ballad as a taster .
meanwhile they have [freed] a new single always the last to know a mellow , melodic ballad as a taster .

He was taken to Middlesbrough General Hospital where he was treated and released .
he was taken to middlesbrough general hospital where he was treated and [freed] .

They have just released new album In Ribbons , a veritable cacophony of sound with swirling guitars and tender vocals .
they have just [freed] new album in ribbons , a veritable cacophony of sound with swirling guitars and tender vocals .

McGee , who began as an apprentice with Middlesbrough but was released after making 30 League appearances , has had a unsuccessful spell with Leicester .
mcgee , who began as an apprentice with middlesbrough but was [freed] after making 30 league appearances , has had a unsuccessful spell with leicester .

Wark struggled to find a club when released by Boro last summer , before he rejoined Ipswich on a weekly contract .
wark struggled to find a club when [freed] by boro last summer , before he rejoined ipswich on a weekly contract .

Hankin 's denial follows a weekend report that the popular Prudhoe and recent signing Cusack will be the next to go , for £100,000 and £50,000 respectively , following on Friday 's news that ten other players have been released .
hankin 's denial follows a weekend report that the popular prudhoe and recent signing cusack will be the next to go , for £100,000 and £50,000 respectively , following on friday 's news that ten other players have been [freed] .

Several people with North-East connections have been linked with the job former Middlesbrough manager Bruce Rioch , ex-Sunderland chief coach Viv Busby , one-time York boss John Bird , David McCreery , who has been released as Hartlepool 's player-assistant manager , and Billy McEwan , once with Scarborough in a coaching and scouting capacity .
several people with north-east connections have been linked with the job former middlesbrough manager bruce rioch , ex-sunderland chief coach viv busby , one-time york boss john bird , david mccreery , who has been [freed] as hartlepool 's player-assistant manager , and billy mcewan , once with scarborough in a coaching and scouting capacity .

The soldiers ' names were not being released .
the soldiers ' names were not being [freed] .

Figures released at yesterday 's meeting of the station 's Local Community Liaison Council show that so far this year more than 8,000 visitors have visited the station , 70pc up on the same period last year .
figures [freed] at yesterday 's meeting of the station 's local community liaison council show that so far this year more than 8,000 visitors have visited the station , 70pc up on the same period last year .

Crystal Palace 's defender cum winger was released from World Cup duty with the Republic of Ireland when Arsenal 's interest emerged at the weekend .
crystal palace 's defender cum winger was [freed] from world cup duty with the republic of ireland when arsenal 's interest emerged at the weekend .

Police conducted an interview with Shaun Gooch after he was released from hospital .
police conducted an interview with shaun gooch after he was [freed] from hospital .

The police released William and all charges were dropped .
the police [freed] william and all charges were dropped .

When he was released from hospital he was withdrawn .
when he was [freed] from hospital he was withdrawn .

Since then , they have released a couple of impressive extended plays , ‘ Safari ’ and the more recent ‘ Cannonball ’ , and they have just unveiled a new long player in ‘ The Breeders ' Last Splash ’ .
since then , they have [freed] a couple of impressive extended plays , ‘ safari ’ and the more recent ‘ cannonball ’ , and they have just unveiled a new long player in ‘ the breeders ' last splash ’ .

Indeed , the song ‘ Sweet Freedom ’ is perhaps his best known ditty in these climes even though he has released tons of songs for the consumption of the masses .
indeed , the song ‘ sweet freedom ’ is perhaps his best known ditty in these climes even though he has [freed] tons of songs for the consumption of the masses .

Last weekend an American Chad Hall , who was also arrested close to the border was released by the Iraqis after just three days in jail .
last weekend an american chad hall , who was also arrested close to the border was [freed] by the iraqis after just three days in jail .

The announcement of the Westcott redundancies came as monthly figures were released showing unemployment coming down across the region .
the announcement of the westcott redundancies came as monthly figures were [freed] showing unemployment coming down across the region .

Within minutes of being released by the police , these youngsters were back in an amusement arcade .
within minutes of being [freed] by the police , these youngsters were back in an amusement arcade .

In fact a month before her death , Leonie was treated at the Princess Margaret Hospital in Swindon … but that was for a kidny infection , not the psychiatric treatment she needed for her annorexia nervosa … and she was released after four days .
in fact a month before her death , leonie was treated at the princess margaret hospital in swindon … but that was for a kidny infection , not the psychiatric treatment she needed for her annorexia nervosa … and she was [freed] after four days .

Commenting on the way Egyptian authorities had released Sharon 's name , the spokesman added : We particularly regret the way the news of Sharon 's death broke .
commenting on the way egyptian authorities had [freed] sharon 's name , the spokesman added : we particularly regret the way the news of sharon 's death broke .

Gas from the site would be either released by a gas vent or collected and sold .
gas from the site would be either [freed] by a gas vent or collected and sold .

Pins locking the gantry stucture could be temporarily released .
pins locking the gantry stucture could be temporarily [freed] .

Figures released this week show that in the year to April 1 , people here were prosecuted for attempting to dupe the Social Security Agency — a seven per cent increase over the previous year .
figures [freed] this week show that in the year to april 1 , people here were prosecuted for attempting to dupe the social security agency — a seven per cent increase over the previous year .

Statistics released today covering the Central South area , show an increase in business failures of up to fifty-five per cent .
statistics [freed] today covering the central south area , show an increase in business failures of up to fifty-five per cent .

The exercise was also aimed at big business — experts from some of Britain 's largest chemical companies were invited , to show them first hand the consequences should chemcial cargoes be released in such an accident .
the exercise was also aimed at big business — experts from some of britain 's largest chemical companies were invited , to show them first hand the consequences should chemcial cargoes be [freed] in such an accident .

The 20-year-old beauty consultant was released yesterday after five days behind bars for breaking an injunction banning her from pumping up the volume .
the 20-year-old beauty consultant was [freed] yesterday after five days behind bars for breaking an injunction banning her from pumping up the volume .

The new Renault/Volvo operating company will be 65pc owned directly and indirectly by the French state and 35pc by Volvo , Renault said in a statement released at a joint news conference in Paris .
the new renault/volvo operating company will be 65pc owned directly and indirectly by the french state and 35pc by volvo , renault said in a statement [freed] at a joint news conference in paris .

Cruelty farmer jailed , then released on appeal .
cruelty farmer jailed , then [freed] on appeal .

Just a few minutes later French was released on bail pending an appeal .
just a few minutes later french was [freed] on bail pending an appeal .

They 've formed their own band , and have just released their first single .
they 've formed their own band , and have just [freed] their first single .

Their band is called Tribute to Nothing and they 've just released their first single .
their band is called tribute to nothing and they 've just [freed] their first single .

Because he 's albino Gazza will never be released into the wild — he 'd attract to much attention from predators .
because he 's albino gazza will never be [freed] into the wild — he 'd attract to much attention from predators .

Paul and his band the Retros have released a single and an album .
paul and his band the retros have [freed] a single and an album .

Police released a video of the victim 's last Christmas , just a few days before he died … detectives visited every home in Russells Water … the village pond was searched by police frogmen … mounted police were brought in to search the grounds of a nearby National Trust property .
police [freed] a video of the victim 's last christmas , just a few days before he died … detectives visited every home in russells water … the village pond was searched by police frogmen … mounted police were brought in to search the grounds of a nearby national trust property .

He appeared at Norwich Magistrates Court yesterday and was released on conditional bail .
he appeared at norwich magistrates court yesterday and was [freed] on conditional bail .

Two others who were being questioned have been released on police bail .
two others who were being questioned have been [freed] on police bail .

The latest crime statistics for the Thames Valley area will be released on Friday , and the police will be closely involved with the partenrship , welcoming anything that helps to reduce crime .
the latest crime statistics for the thames valley area will be [freed] on friday , and the police will be closely involved with the partenrship , welcoming anything that helps to reduce crime .

British Transport police said he was released on bail to appear before Maidstone magistrates in Kent on October 15 .
british transport police said he was [freed] on bail to appear before maidstone magistrates in kent on october 15 .

Meanwhile , two British aid workers held by Muslim forces in Bosnia after they became involved in gun-running have been released , it was disclosed today .
meanwhile , two british aid workers held by muslim forces in bosnia after they became involved in gun-running have been [freed] , it was disclosed today .

The two men were released unharmed in the Crossmaglen area an hour later .
the two men were [freed] unharmed in the crossmaglen area an hour later .

Linfield 's board , alarmed by the adverse publicity , released an unprecedented statement outlining their position and policy , and revealing that over 70 Catholics had played for the club in the past .
linfield 's board , alarmed by the adverse publicity , [freed] an unprecedented statement outlining their position and policy , and revealing that over 70 catholics had played for the club in the past .

It 's released a video aimed at encouraging people to take a holiday — in Swindon .
it 's [freed] a video aimed at encouraging people to take a holiday — in swindon .

The Home Office has ordered an urgent review into the case of a convicted child molester due to be released from prison next month .
the home office has ordered an urgent review into the case of a convicted child molester due to be [freed] from prison next month .

In 1991 activists released more than two hundred , from Oxford University 's labs at Northmoor .
in 1991 activists [freed] more than two hundred , from oxford university 's labs at northmoor .

Doherty , from Strabane , had joined Derry on a one-month contract after being released at Old Trafford , the intention being to see how things worked out at the Brandywell .
doherty , from strabane , had joined derry on a one-month contract after being [freed] at old trafford , the intention being to see how things worked out at the brandywell .

The duo 's first album has Irish sales of 27,000 so far , and is also to be released Japan , of all places , where Kieran 's songs are so popular that two of them have been recorded by a local singer — the lyrics translated into Japanese .
the duo 's first album has irish sales of 27,000 so far , and is also to be [freed] japan , of all places , where kieran 's songs are so popular that two of them have been recorded by a local singer — the lyrics translated into japanese .

For their debut album ‘ Ireland 's Dancing Days ’ is released today and will keep up the harmonious accordion tradition — on the Emerald label .
for their debut album ‘ ireland 's dancing days ’ is [freed] today and will keep up the harmonious accordion tradition — on the emerald label .

Police say they do n't yet know when Mr Dobbs body will be released but the Gloucestershire coronor 's expecting him to be returned for an inquest
police say they do n't yet know when mr dobbs body will be [freed] but the gloucestershire coronor 's expecting him to be returned for an inquest

In a statement released this morning governors said that there was no evidence that Mr Beatson was , or had been , any moral or physical danger to the pupils .
in a statement [freed] this morning governors said that there was no evidence that mr beatson was , or had been , any moral or physical danger to the pupils .

But because he 'd already served five weeks on remand he was released .
but because he 'd already served five weeks on remand he was [freed] .

But because he 'd already served five weeks on remand he was released .
but because he 'd already served five weeks on remand he was [freed] .

But because he 'd already served five weeks on remand he was released .
but because he 'd already served five weeks on remand he was [freed] .

Even if Mr Major really means it and he does n't intend to do a Nigel Lawson , a sort of nineteen eighty seven trick , er surely he can almost hardly help himself , because the pound and shares are doing very well at the moment ; we 're told by the economists that there 's a good six months of honeymoon period , er and people feel a great pent up demand , people have a great pent up demand , which is now being released .
even if mr major really means it and he does n't intend to do a nigel lawson , a sort of nineteen eighty seven trick , er surely he can almost hardly help himself , because the pound and shares are doing very well at the moment ; we 're told by the economists that there 's a good six months of honeymoon period , er and people feel a great pent up demand , people have a great pent up demand , which is now being [freed] .

Amur Abdullah from Ilford in Essex is one of the first British adult hostages to be released from the country since the Gulf crisis began .
amur abdullah from ilford in essex is one of the first british adult hostages to be [freed] from the country since the gulf crisis began .

Plans for the leisure complex in Blackbird Leys were released at the end of last week , and if planning permission is granted , it would include a bowling alley , restaurants , bars and a health and fitness centre .
plans for the leisure complex in blackbird leys were [freed] at the end of last week , and if planning permission is granted , it would include a bowling alley , restaurants , bars and a health and fitness centre .

So what sort of thing can you do to try and get him released ?
so what sort of thing can you do to try and get him [freed] ?

But a great deal of research and money needs to be invested when a new product and a completely new chemical comes on the market , and there 's been many examples in the past of things being released .
but a great deal of research and money needs to be invested when a new product and a completely new chemical comes on the market , and there 's been many examples in the past of things being [freed] .

When a nerve impulse gets there this chemical is released by the nerve terminal , crosses the narrow cleft and reacts with special receptors on the muscle side of the junction , which , when they 're stimulated by this chemical , lead to muscle contraction .
when a nerve impulse gets there this chemical is [freed] by the nerve terminal , crosses the narrow cleft and reacts with special receptors on the muscle side of the junction , which , when they 're stimulated by this chemical , lead to muscle contraction .

And concern over highly toxic chemicals released during the bleaching of paper is having a big spin-off on a locally based company .
and concern over highly toxic chemicals [freed] during the bleaching of paper is having a big spin-off on a locally based company .

They released a natural chemical called Dopamine , which Mr Davies lacked .
they [freed] a natural chemical called dopamine , which mr davies lacked .

Sir John released him and the fellow slumped down on all fours , retching and coughing .
sir john [freed] him and the fellow slumped down on all fours , retching and coughing .

If the item 's date of publication had not already been entered , this too would be recorded before the book was released for distribution to the reader .
if the item 's date of publication had not already been entered , this too would be recorded before the book was [freed] for distribution to the reader .

The tip and blade of the tongue do not move until the articulatory contact for the is released .
the tip and blade of the tongue do not move until the articulatory contact for the is [freed] .

Feedback from the trials is being reviewed and the final package will be released early next year .
feedback from the trials is being reviewed and the final package will be [freed] early next year .

Republic of Ireland international Roy Keane released from his defensive shackles and restored to his favourite midfield role surged forward time and again into dangerous situations .
republic of ireland international roy keane [freed] from his defensive shackles and restored to his favourite midfield role surged forward time and again into dangerous situations .

British Rail released details of the damage to Saturday 's 8.49pm Southport to Hunt 's Cross train only last night .
british rail [freed] details of the damage to saturday 's 8.49pm southport to hunt 's cross train only last night .

He was released with a warning but what had he been up to ?
he was [freed] with a warning but what had he been up to ?

Two pupils were released but a third was detained .
two pupils were [freed] but a third was detained .

McDermott , in a book released as the West Indies begin their tour of Australia , said he was the target of abuse by some West Indian cricketers during Australia 's 1991 Caribbean tour .
mcdermott , in a book [freed] as the west indies begin their tour of australia , said he was the target of abuse by some west indian cricketers during australia 's 1991 caribbean tour .

The goal actually stemmed from a Southend corner but Kenny Irons made a superb interception in his own half and released Morrissey who brilliantly beat his cover before lashing a 16-yard shot high past ‘ keeper Sansome .
the goal actually stemmed from a southend corner but kenny irons made a superb interception in his own half and [freed] morrissey who brilliantly beat his cover before lashing a 16-yard shot high past ‘ keeper sansome .

According to Home Office figures released last night , Merseyside showed a 9.3pc fall in car crime against a national average of a 2.6pc drop , itself a three year best .
according to home office figures [freed] last night , merseyside showed a 9.3pc fall in car crime against a national average of a 2.6pc drop , itself a three year best .

Unemployed Wisdom Smith , 19 , and student Daniel Winter , 19 , were released from the dock at Bristol Crown Court on the seventh day of their trial after a jury returned formal verdicts on the judge 's direction .
unemployed wisdom smith , 19 , and student daniel winter , 19 , were [freed] from the dock at bristol crown court on the seventh day of their trial after a jury returned formal verdicts on the judge 's direction .

He was released from prison in September .
he was [freed] from prison in september .

Unemployed Wisdom Smith , 19 , and student Daniel Winter , 19 , were released from the dock at Bristol Crown Court on the seventh day of their trial after a jury returned formal not guilty verdicts on the direction of the judge .
unemployed wisdom smith , 19 , and student daniel winter , 19 , were [freed] from the dock at bristol crown court on the seventh day of their trial after a jury returned formal not guilty verdicts on the direction of the judge .

The single was released in June and the band 's first album is due for release later this month .
the single was [freed] in june and the band 's first album is due for release later this month .

Unemployed Wisdom Smith , 19 , and student Daniel Winter , 19 , were released from the dock at Bristol Crown Court on the seventh day of their trial after a jury returned formal verdicts on the direction of the judge .
unemployed wisdom smith , 19 , and student daniel winter , 19 , were [freed] from the dock at bristol crown court on the seventh day of their trial after a jury returned formal verdicts on the direction of the judge .

Both were interviewed and released on police bail pending inquiries .
both were interviewed and [freed] on police bail pending inquiries .

‘ If the owls are released as chicks , it can work .
‘ if the owls are [freed] as chicks , it can work .

She was then driven for about another 30 minutes to the Hampshire village of Cheriton , where she was released and raised the alarm at a house .
she was then driven for about another 30 minutes to the hampshire village of cheriton , where she was [freed] and raised the alarm at a house .

She was then driven for about another 30 minutes to the Hampshire village of Cheriton , where she was released , and raised the alarm at a house .
she was then driven for about another 30 minutes to the hampshire village of cheriton , where she was [freed] , and raised the alarm at a house .

The movie is released next week by Warner and we have six £60 copies of it to give away .
the movie is [freed] next week by warner and we have six £60 copies of it to give away .

And the adventures are released on video in 10 volumes , out now from Polygram at £8.99 each .
and the adventures are [freed] on video in 10 volumes , out now from polygram at £8.99 each .

They have never released their valuable stock into the countryside .
they have never [freed] their valuable stock into the countryside .

Campaigners claim deposits of coal dust released into the atmosphere are a health hazard .
campaigners claim deposits of coal dust [freed] into the atmosphere are a health hazard .

Campaigners claim deposits of coal dust released into the atmosphere are a health hazard and a nuisance .
campaigners claim deposits of coal dust [freed] into the atmosphere are a health hazard and a nuisance .

This may have been the effect of the hydrochloric acid released in the fire .
this may have been the effect of the hydrochloric acid [freed] in the fire .

Both of the men were quite badly shaken by the incident and understandably do n't want their names to be released .
both of the men were quite badly shaken by the incident and understandably do n't want their names to be [freed] .

The men , aged 24 and 29 from Wavertree , were interviewed in connection with allegedly supplying the drug to the Liverpool model and released on police bail pending further inquires .
the men , aged 24 and 29 from wavertree , were interviewed in connection with allegedly supplying the drug to the liverpool model and [freed] on police bail pending further inquires .

Police said later that the man who was helping with inquiries had been detained as he was released from Armley jail , Leeds .
police said later that the man who was helping with inquiries had been detained as he was [freed] from armley jail , leeds .

The figures were released soon after Fine Gael , the main opposition party , had identified unemployment as a key issue for the election .
the figures were [freed] soon after fine gael , the main opposition party , had identified unemployment as a key issue for the election .

He said : ‘ It is significant that this astonishing statement is released on the day the Princess of Wales returns from an important official visit to South Korea which has been completely overshadowed by renewed speculation over the couple 's marriage .
he said : ‘ it is significant that this astonishing statement is [freed] on the day the princess of wales returns from an important official visit to south korea which has been completely overshadowed by renewed speculation over the couple 's marriage .

The acid released by the fire may have contaminated 40 special chemical suits and 26 breathing apparatus sets .
the acid [freed] by the fire may have contaminated 40 special chemical suits and 26 breathing apparatus sets .

Police said later that the man who was helping with inquiries had been detained as he was released from Armley jail , Leeds , after serving a sentence .
police said later that the man who was helping with inquiries had been detained as he was [freed] from armley jail , leeds , after serving a sentence .

Modern equipment is extremely complex and some systems have up to seven separate cleaning stages before any gas is released into the atmosphere .
modern equipment is extremely complex and some systems have up to seven separate cleaning stages before any gas is [freed] into the atmosphere .

Only then will the extra community care money be released — provided the forecast expenditure on institutional care is reasonably on course .
only then will the extra community care money be [freed] — provided the forecast expenditure on institutional care is reasonably on course .

its been released mum
its been [freed] mum

Now so much more time has been released for us to be the church but at the same time we have nowhere to hide and nothing to blame !
now so much more time has been [freed] for us to be the church but at the same time we have nowhere to hide and nothing to blame !

The production credits for the band 's first album ‘ T-Ride ’ ( released on Hollywood Records ) go to drummer Eric Valentine , while the songwriting was the work of bassist Arlie .
the production credits for the band 's first album ‘ t-ride ’ ( [freed] on hollywood records ) go to drummer eric valentine , while the songwriting was the work of bassist arlie .

Ben Sayers has released its own version of the jumbo driver — ‘ Big Ben ’ .
ben sayers has [freed] its own version of the jumbo driver — ‘ big ben ’ .

They 're mostly compositions for guitar , tape and live electronics ; the album is released on Justin Time Records .
they 're mostly compositions for guitar , tape and live electronics ; the album is [freed] on justin time records .

Since his Exodus from Genesis in 1970 , Phillips has released seventeen solo albums , the latest of which is volume eight in his ‘ Private Parts And Pieces ’ project , entitled ‘ New England ’ .
since his exodus from genesis in 1970 , phillips has [freed] seventeen solo albums , the latest of which is volume eight in his ‘ private parts and pieces ’ project , entitled ‘ new england ’ .

‘ There 's a film which will be released here soon , a Hitchcock-type thriller called ‘ Doctor Giggles ’ , and we did a remake of an old song for it written by Moon Martin , called Bad Case Of Loving You .
‘ there 's a film which will be [freed] here soon , a hitchcock-type thriller called ‘ doctor giggles ’ , and we did a remake of an old song for it written by moon martin , called bad case of loving you .

In 1970 he scored a solo deal with the Reprise label , and by the end of ‘ 72 had released ‘ Into The Purple Valley ’ and ‘ Boomer 's Story ’ .
in 1970 he scored a solo deal with the reprise label , and by the end of ‘ 72 had [freed] ‘ into the purple valley ’ and ‘ boomer 's story ’ .

Since then Ry has released another album , ‘ Get Rhythm ’ , plus a compilation or two .
since then ry has [freed] another album , ‘ get rhythm ’ , plus a compilation or two .

If you read my brief interview with Yngwie , back in April , you will recall that he had just released his tenth album ‘ Fire and Ice ’ and was touring the world to promote it . On his visit to London we were able to get together for a bit of a jam and a chat about some of the parts he played on the ‘ new ’ album …
if you read my brief interview with yngwie , back in april , you will recall that he had just [freed] his tenth album ‘ fire and ice ’ and was touring the world to promote it . on his visit to london we were able to get together for a bit of a jam and a chat about some of the parts he played on the ‘ new ’ album …

The adhesive eggs are then released to rest in the nest and spawning continues for up to two weeks .
the adhesive eggs are then [freed] to rest in the nest and spawning continues for up to two weeks .

Then the shedding begins , with thick , skinlike pieces of mucus being released .
then the shedding begins , with thick , skinlike pieces of mucus being [freed] .

It should be replaced regularly or everything it has removed may be released into the system .
it should be replaced regularly or everything it has removed may be [freed] into the system .

Temperature intolerant species can be collected late in the summer after the Autumnal Equinox , and kept through the winter and released in spring .
temperature intolerant species can be collected late in the summer after the autumnal equinox , and kept through the winter and [freed] in spring .

Unlike the mega-successful guest-artiste LPs ‘ The Healer ’ and ‘ Mr. Lucky ’ , ‘ Boom Boom ’ is released on Pointblank records through Virgin and promises to be a much more stripped-down affair , featuring a regular band of Vaughan with various Robert Cray Band stalwarts .
unlike the mega-successful guest-artiste lps ‘ the healer ’ and ‘ mr. lucky ’ , ‘ boom boom ’ is [freed] on pointblank records through virgin and promises to be a much more stripped-down affair , featuring a regular band of vaughan with various robert cray band stalwarts .

Coming from the lead guitarist in a band who 've only just released their second single , you 'd expect such remarks to be taken with a hefty pinch of salt .
coming from the lead guitarist in a band who 've only just [freed] their second single , you 'd expect such remarks to be taken with a hefty pinch of salt .

Listening to their instantly infectious debut single , released to near-hysterical reviews earlier this summer , it 's painfully obvious that Suede refuse to fit into the current indie rock scene .
listening to their instantly infectious debut single , [freed] to near-hysterical reviews earlier this summer , it 's painfully obvious that suede refuse to fit into the current indie rock scene .

In 1976 , Linda Ronstadt released an album called ‘ Hasten Down The Wind ’ ( Asylum Records No .
in 1976 , linda ronstadt [freed] an album called ‘ hasten down the wind ’ ( asylum records no .

The Self or Ātman , released from the bonds of darkness and ignorance or avidyā , is at one with God , and when this unity is realized by means of prayer , bhakti or devotion is transformed into jñāna or knowledge .
the self or ātman , [freed] from the bonds of darkness and ignorance or avidyā , is at one with god , and when this unity is realized by means of prayer , bhakti or devotion is transformed into jñāna or knowledge .

But , to summarise : most of the clever stuff is confined to the arm itself , having a spring-loaded cam which locks the bridge in position when the arm is released from the player 's grip and allowed to drop into a ‘ rest ’ position .
but , to summarise : most of the clever stuff is confined to the arm itself , having a spring-loaded cam which locks the bridge in position when the arm is [freed] from the player 's grip and allowed to drop into a ‘ rest ’ position .

Little Big Man was released in 1970 and took a healthy $ 15 million at the box office .
little big man was [freed] in 1970 and took a healthy $ 15 million at the box office .

( Alfredo Alfredo was also released nationwide on the same day , but the public obviously preferred Hoffman French Style to Hoffman Italian Style . )
( alfredo alfredo was also [freed] nationwide on the same day , but the public obviously preferred hoffman french style to hoffman italian style . )

Her face was ashen and her amber eyes glowed with the pent-up anger which was now released in a torrent of words .
her face was ashen and her amber eyes glowed with the pent-up anger which was now [freed] in a torrent of words .

For a moment there was a stunned silence from his workmates and then pent-up breath was released in what seemed like a communal sigh , before the chief waggoner yelled , ‘ Come on !
for a moment there was a stunned silence from his workmates and then pent-up breath was [freed] in what seemed like a communal sigh , before the chief waggoner yelled , ‘ come on !

Only twenty-two months of the sentence were served , Gandhi being released from prison when his health broke down after an operation for appendicitis .
only twenty-two months of the sentence were served , gandhi being [freed] from prison when his health broke down after an operation for appendicitis .

Towards the end of January 1931 he released Gandhi and the other leaders .
towards the end of january 1931 he [freed] gandhi and the other leaders .

The terms of the agreement were as follows : that political prisoners were to be released and the relevant ordinances withdrawn ; that civil disobedience was to be stopped ; that the boycott of British goods would cease , though ‘ peaceful picketing ’ could continue ; that there would be no change in the salt laws , though people living by the sea could make some for personal consumption ; and that Congress was to be represented at future sessions of the Round Table conference , the agreed agenda being federation , ‘ Indian responsibility ’ , and ‘ reservations or safeguards in the interests of India for such matters as , for instance , defence ; external affairs ; the position of minorities ; the financial credit of India , and the discharge of obligations ’ .
the terms of the agreement were as follows : that political prisoners were to be [freed] and the relevant ordinances withdrawn ; that civil disobedience was to be stopped ; that the boycott of british goods would cease , though ‘ peaceful picketing ’ could continue ; that there would be no change in the salt laws , though people living by the sea could make some for personal consumption ; and that congress was to be represented at future sessions of the round table conference , the agreed agenda being federation , ‘ indian responsibility ’ , and ‘ reservations or safeguards in the interests of india for such matters as , for instance , defence ; external affairs ; the position of minorities ; the financial credit of india , and the discharge of obligations ’ .

In the United States , 1500 porn titles were released on video in 1988 compared to an annual total of around 100 in the 1970s .
in the united states , 1500 porn titles were [freed] on video in 1988 compared to an annual total of around 100 in the 1970s .

On the few occasions when she had been compelled to enter the water , she had stayed in the very shallowest part of the pool and had never for a moment released her grip on the handrail .
on the few occasions when she had been compelled to enter the water , she had stayed in the very shallowest part of the pool and had never for a moment [freed] her grip on the handrail .

Stressful tension is not always apparent to the person suffering from it , but unless it is released it can build up until physical symptoms are felt : some of these may take the form of headaches , of ‘ butterflies in the tummy ’ , of rapid heart beats , of a feeling of pain at the back of the neck , poor sleeping , poor digestion , a pain like a sharp knife on the left side of the breastbone , shallow breathing , a tightness in the throat which can become quite painful .
stressful tension is not always apparent to the person suffering from it , but unless it is [freed] it can build up until physical symptoms are felt : some of these may take the form of headaches , of ‘ butterflies in the tummy ’ , of rapid heart beats , of a feeling of pain at the back of the neck , poor sleeping , poor digestion , a pain like a sharp knife on the left side of the breastbone , shallow breathing , a tightness in the throat which can become quite painful .

Unless the stressful tension is released , it will not improve the health , the temper or the situation .
unless the stressful tension is [freed] , it will not improve the health , the temper or the situation .

It can be released through physical action such as sawing logs , by stamping one 's foot onto the accelerator and driving like a maniac or simply by smashing a plate .
it can be [freed] through physical action such as sawing logs , by stamping one 's foot onto the accelerator and driving like a maniac or simply by smashing a plate .

Daddy was a Bank Robber . But which punk legends released this reggae-tinged single ?
daddy was a bank robber . but which punk legends [freed] this reggae-tinged single ?

It 's the same guitar , but initially it was released in 1982 and nobody cared for it .
it 's the same guitar , but initially it was [freed] in 1982 and nobody cared for it .

When the mouthbrooder picks up her eggs she gathers up the Synodontis eggs with them which she incubates inside her mouth along with her own fry until they are released as tiny replicas of their natural parents — possibly after preying on the cichlid fry while they are inside her mouth .
when the mouthbrooder picks up her eggs she gathers up the synodontis eggs with them which she incubates inside her mouth along with her own fry until they are [freed] as tiny replicas of their natural parents — possibly after preying on the cichlid fry while they are inside her mouth .

Cold water can hold a higher percentage of dissolved gases which , when suddenly warmed by the water in the aquarium or pond , will be released and cause supersaturation .
cold water can hold a higher percentage of dissolved gases which , when suddenly warmed by the water in the aquarium or pond , will be [freed] and cause supersaturation .

Glochidia are the larvae ( young stages ) of Swan Mussels , which , when released in their thousands by the adults during breeding , must find a ‘ host ’ fish upon which to settle , or they will die .
glochidia are the larvae ( young stages ) of swan mussels , which , when [freed] in their thousands by the adults during breeding , must find a ‘ host ’ fish upon which to settle , or they will die .

Once in the labyrinth the oxygen is absorbed and carbon dioxide released .
once in the labyrinth the oxygen is absorbed and carbon dioxide [freed] .

After a short incubation period the fertilized eggs transform into medusa — tiny pear-shaped animals with rapidly beating hair-like cilia which are then released into the water and have a limited ability to swim and survive among the plankton for a few days before settling on the sea bed .
after a short incubation period the fertilized eggs transform into medusa — tiny pear-shaped animals with rapidly beating hair-like cilia which are then [freed] into the water and have a limited ability to swim and survive among the plankton for a few days before settling on the sea bed .

Interlinked with the immune system is the hormonal or chemical messenger system , some aspects of which ( adrenaline , released in excess in fight , flight and fright situations ) come into play in reactions to emotional and mental stress , and other aspects of which are concerned with controlling healing and repair .
interlinked with the immune system is the hormonal or chemical messenger system , some aspects of which ( adrenaline , [freed] in excess in fight , flight and fright situations ) come into play in reactions to emotional and mental stress , and other aspects of which are concerned with controlling healing and repair .

Sixth , there are blocks caused by emotional upsets possibly affecting hormone function — for example , adrenaline which is released in fright situations .
sixth , there are blocks caused by emotional upsets possibly affecting hormone function — for example , adrenaline which is [freed] in fright situations .

This ploy had been completely forgotten by the patient until released along with the tension in the neck muscles by the cervical reintegration .
this ploy had been completely forgotten by the patient until [freed] along with the tension in the neck muscles by the cervical reintegration .

It is unlikely the Lynagh will be released from his Italian club duties before May-June , by which time Queensland 's season will be in full swing and the Reds will be playing under a new skipper in Lynagh 's absence .
it is unlikely the lynagh will be [freed] from his italian club duties before may-june , by which time queensland 's season will be in full swing and the reds will be playing under a new skipper in lynagh 's absence .

As previously reported , the band 's second volume of B-sides and out-takes ‘ Friendloverplane 2 ’ is released through Chrysalis on September 21 .
as previously reported , the band 's second volume of b-sides and out-takes ‘ friendloverplane 2 ’ is [freed] through chrysalis on september 21 .

Earlier this year they released their awesome debut single ‘ This Accurate Pain ’ through Chocolate Narcotic ( a friend 's label ) and distributed it , largely , themselves .
earlier this year they [freed] their awesome debut single ‘ this accurate pain ’ through chocolate narcotic ( a friend 's label ) and distributed it , largely , themselves .

Then , joined by Jason Lowenstein , another drummer who also played bass and guitar , Sebadoh released ‘ Gimmie Indie Rock ’ as a single of Homestead last year .
then , joined by jason lowenstein , another drummer who also played bass and guitar , sebadoh [freed] ‘ gimmie indie rock ’ as a single of homestead last year .

The three formed around 18 months ago and released a trio of EPs in a thousand pressings each .
the three formed around 18 months ago and [freed] a trio of eps in a thousand pressings each .

Now Weller is on Go ! Discs ( aka Fred Perry Records ) and , having dispensed with group names ( never his strongest point ) he has released his debut album , ‘ Paul Weller ’ .
now weller is on go ! discs ( aka fred perry records ) and , having dispensed with group names ( never his strongest point ) he has [freed] his debut album , ‘ paul weller ’ .

This hinge , when released , allows the front of the drawer to come up , laying the gates , balustrade and trees rigidly horizontal over the hedges and flower beds .
this hinge , when [freed] , allows the front of the drawer to come up , laying the gates , balustrade and trees rigidly horizontal over the hedges and flower beds .

An announcement timed to be released simultaneously in Britain and America confirmed my world exclusive in Mirror Sport yesterday that Mansell had done the deal .
an announcement timed to be [freed] simultaneously in britain and america confirmed my world exclusive in mirror sport yesterday that mansell had done the deal .

But key central defender Alan McDonald is out after being released from hospital with bruised kidneys .
but key central defender alan mcdonald is out after being [freed] from hospital with bruised kidneys .

Sharpe was released a few days later , but there were to be many more visits to the hospital as worries grew about his condition .
sharpe was [freed] a few days later , but there were to be many more visits to the hospital as worries grew about his condition .

Liverpool kept the operation a closely-guarded secret but the 30-year-old Whelan , who had sore muscle tissue removed from his right thigh , was released from a Merseyside hospital yesterday .
liverpool kept the operation a closely-guarded secret but the 30-year-old whelan , who had sore muscle tissue removed from his right thigh , was [freed] from a merseyside hospital yesterday .

She is one of Hollywood 's longest-lasting leading ladies , said to have been paid more than three million dollars for Housesitter which is released in Britain next week .
she is one of hollywood 's longest-lasting leading ladies , said to have been paid more than three million dollars for housesitter which is [freed] in britain next week .

It has been there for two weeks and can not be released because the 3,500 troops promised by the United Nations to secure food convoys and get them moving have not arrived .
it has been there for two weeks and can not be [freed] because the 3,500 troops promised by the united nations to secure food convoys and get them moving have not arrived .

The tough-guy actor — filming smash hit movie Patriot Games which is released in Britain to-morrow — had to be rescued by emergency crews after a tough underwater fight scene left him exhausted and close to drowning .
the tough-guy actor — filming smash hit movie patriot games which is [freed] in britain to-morrow — had to be rescued by emergency crews after a tough underwater fight scene left him exhausted and close to drowning .

Gere and Basinger star in the erotic thriller Final Analysis which Warner Home Video will released into video libraries by October 18 .
gere and basinger star in the erotic thriller final analysis which warner home video will [freed] into video libraries by october 18 .

Swayze now plans to drive the car around Europe while promoting his new movie City Of Joy , which is released in Britain next week .
swayze now plans to drive the car around europe while promoting his new movie city of joy , which is [freed] in britain next week .

The next day he was released on police bail and given a ticket back to Glasgow .
the next day he was [freed] on police bail and given a ticket back to glasgow .

And the week the Beatles released their first single , a cinema legend was born … the first James Bond film , Dr. No , with newcomer Sean Connery and a daringly bikini-clad Ursula Andress .
and the week the beatles [freed] their first single , a cinema legend was born … the first james bond film , dr. no , with newcomer sean connery and a daringly bikini-clad ursula andress .

Coincidentally the results of another recently released study , commissioned by several local authorities , Passenger Transport Executives and the National Park Authority , shows that 65% of journeys between Sheffield and Manchester are made by rail rather than road .
coincidentally the results of another recently [freed] study , commissioned by several local authorities , passenger transport executives and the national park authority , shows that 65% of journeys between sheffield and manchester are made by rail rather than road .

He was a long way off the ground when she released him and he plummeted to earth and hit the floor and bounced like a football .
he was a long way off the ground when she [freed] him and he plummeted to earth and hit the floor and bounced like a football .

He had learned from watching Rupert a few minutes before that the quicker you answered the quicker you were released .
he had learned from watching rupert a few minutes before that the quicker you answered the quicker you were [freed] .

It seemed as though a valve had burst inside her and a great gush of energy was being released .
it seemed as though a valve had burst inside her and a great gush of energy was being [freed] .

Those figures were released yesterday by the Broadcasters Audience Research Board .
those figures were [freed] yesterday by the broadcasters audience research board .

Little wonder Souness took great pleasure in announcing that Grobbelaar would not be released for international duty with Zimbabwe .
little wonder souness took great pleasure in announcing that grobbelaar would not be [freed] for international duty with zimbabwe .

Dave was led away by police who arrested then released him without a formal charge .
dave was led away by police who arrested then [freed] him without a formal charge .

The Rock 's Attorney-General , John Blackburn Gittings , said Newall 's uncle and aunt might be in danger if he was released on bail .
the rock 's attorney-general , john blackburn gittings , said newall 's uncle and aunt might be in danger if he was [freed] on bail .

The driver , 47-year-old Jill Gunns , of Blackwater , has been released on police bail .
the driver , 47-year-old jill gunns , of blackwater , has been [freed] on police bail .

Yesterday Gunns , of Blackwater , was released on police bail .
yesterday gunns , of blackwater , was [freed] on police bail .

‘ The second stage is getting her body released , and the funeral .
‘ the second stage is getting her body [freed] , and the funeral .

The Government has also agreed that the men could be used to escort detainees released from prison camps .
the government has also agreed that the men could be used to escort detainees [freed] from prison camps .

The murder hunt team are now back at square one after having arrested and released 27 men .
the murder hunt team are now back at square one after having arrested and [freed] 27 men .

But Nat West decided to do without their pound of flesh and the bungler , in his early twenties , was cautioned and released without charge .
but nat west decided to do without their pound of flesh and the bungler , in his early twenties , was cautioned and [freed] without charge .

Die Hard 's action sequences won rave reviews when it was released four years ago .
die hard 's action sequences won rave reviews when it was [freed] four years ago .

In pictures released to celebrate the anniversary , the happy-ever-after ending that everyone wanted is plain to see .
in pictures [freed] to celebrate the anniversary , the happy-ever-after ending that everyone wanted is plain to see .

Ronnie , a paranoid schizophrenic , is held in Broadmoor and may never be released .
ronnie , a paranoid schizophrenic , is held in broadmoor and may never be [freed] .

Derek , who suffered an anxiety attack , was taken to Sunderland hospital but released after a check-up .
derek , who suffered an anxiety attack , was taken to sunderland hospital but [freed] after a check-up .

The man , from Helen 's home town Horndean , near Portsmouth , was taken for questioning on Wednesday but police only released news of his arrest yesterday .
the man , from helen 's home town horndean , near portsmouth , was taken for questioning on wednesday but police only [freed] news of his arrest yesterday .

Later he was released .
later he was [freed] .

Gardner has been released on bail .
gardner has been [freed] on bail .

Maze fugitive Jim Smyth , 38 , was released in San Francisco after being held for passport offences .
maze fugitive jim smyth , 38 , was [freed] in san francisco after being held for passport offences .

But when the film , starring Bruce Willis and Meryl Streep , was released , a change in the storyline led to the chop for Tracey 's part .
but when the film , starring bruce willis and meryl streep , was [freed] , a change in the storyline led to the chop for tracey 's part .

Irish police said there was nothing unusual about McSweeney being released without charge .
irish police said there was nothing unusual about mcsweeney being [freed] without charge .

The ball was released as per Law 18 , Horan collected and fed Campo for the try .
the ball was [freed] as per law 18 , horan collected and fed campo for the try .

Meanwhile , the Sisters ' first complete compilation album , ‘ Some Girls Wander By Mistake ’ , is released this week through Merciful Release/east-west .
meanwhile , the sisters ' first complete compilation album , ‘ some girls wander by mistake ’ , is [freed] this week through merciful release/east-west .

The remaining tracks are star remixes of previously released material .
the remaining tracks are star remixes of previously [freed] material .

1952 : The first stereo discs are released .
1952 : the first stereo discs are [freed] .

Happily they were located in a music publisher 's office during 1951 and finally released .
happily they were located in a music publisher 's office during 1951 and finally [freed] .

Once a chick bred in captivity can fly — at the age of eight weeks or so — it can be taken from its parents and released to hunt for itself for a month .
once a chick bred in captivity can fly — at the age of eight weeks or so — it can be taken from its parents and [freed] to hunt for itself for a month .

The first pair we actually released were not ones we had reared .
the first pair we actually [freed] were not ones we had reared .

Queen fans were devastated when Barcelona — a Top Ten hit when first released five years ago — was controversially elbowed out as the Games 's theme song by Amigos Para Siempre ( Friends For Life ) .
queen fans were devastated when barcelona — a top ten hit when first [freed] five years ago — was controversially elbowed out as the games 's theme song by amigos para siempre ( friends for life ) .

But that autopsy report was released only to Elvis 's father , Vernon .
but that autopsy report was [freed] only to elvis 's father , vernon .

And the film released earlier this year , The Hand That Rocks The Cradle , about a nanny who infiltrates a family threatening to harm the couple 's child , preys on a mother 's worst fear .
and the film [freed] earlier this year , the hand that rocks the cradle , about a nanny who infiltrates a family threatening to harm the couple 's child , preys on a mother 's worst fear .

Both Abbacadabra and Abba 's Dancing Queen were released yesterday .
both abbacadabra and abba 's dancing queen were [freed] yesterday .

Columbia Tristar Home Video have just released My Girl on rental and we have 100 copies to be won as well as super soundtrack CDs from My Girl .
columbia tristar home video have just [freed] my girl on rental and we have 100 copies to be won as well as super soundtrack cds from my girl .

In 1968 , the watershed year of the student riots in Paris , when most of the new generation of radicals were denouncing the Labour Party as hopelessly fuddy-duddy , he had joined up , believing it would one day become the focus for a new alliance of Right-On movements , Now , more than a decade on , his dream was starting to come true and the new radical politics were about to be released on an unsuspecting populace — with mixed results .
in 1968 , the watershed year of the student riots in paris , when most of the new generation of radicals were denouncing the labour party as hopelessly fuddy-duddy , he had joined up , believing it would one day become the focus for a new alliance of right-on movements , now , more than a decade on , his dream was starting to come true and the new radical politics were about to be [freed] on an unsuspecting populace — with mixed results .

We begin by finding out exactly what 's going on — what films and plays are due to open , books to be published , records to be released , and we keep in touch with agents and promotion companies and keep tabs on where the big celebrities are in the world .
we begin by finding out exactly what 's going on — what films and plays are due to open , books to be published , records to be [freed] , and we keep in touch with agents and promotion companies and keep tabs on where the big celebrities are in the world .

‘ Sonny Pigg , lead singer of the Mothers of Violence , who last month released a successful solo album dedicated to ‘ The Tasmanian Devil , ’ has issued a press statement in which he claims that ‘ the Devil is a real gone guy , and we should go with the groove for him when the bloodtide comes round .
‘ sonny pigg , lead singer of the mothers of violence , who last month [freed] a successful solo album dedicated to ‘ the tasmanian devil , ’ has issued a press statement in which he claims that ‘ the devil is a real gone guy , and we should go with the groove for him when the bloodtide comes round .

After a dismal harvest in 1978 , exacerbated by increased pressure on stocks from the record sales of 1978–9 , the situation worsened the following year with a poor flowering in the spring of 1980 , and some 1,600 hectares were released for planting between 1980 and 1983 .
after a dismal harvest in 1978 , exacerbated by increased pressure on stocks from the record sales of 1978–9 , the situation worsened the following year with a poor flowering in the spring of 1980 , and some 1,600 hectares were [freed] for planting between 1980 and 1983 .

Originally this game was due to be released by Elite as Aquablaster , a speedboat shoot-'em-up resembling Buggy Boy ( a previous release of theirs ) in more ways than one .
originally this game was due to be [freed] by elite as aquablaster , a speedboat shoot-'em-up resembling buggy boy ( a previous release of theirs ) in more ways than one .

Continuing with their long run of Bond licences , Domark released this uninspiring conversion .
continuing with their long run of bond licences , domark [freed] this uninspiring conversion .

Several very good demos were released , and the party was a big success .
several very good demos were [freed] , and the party was a big success .

They have n't released much , and certainly took their time making this one , but it was definitely worth it .
they have n't [freed] much , and certainly took their time making this one , but it was definitely worth it .

As these demos were the only good productions released last month , here are some classic demos you should take a look at .
as these demos were the only good productions [freed] last month , here are some classic demos you should take a look at .

When will Nigel Mansell 's racing game be released by Gremlin ?
when will nigel mansell 's racing game be [freed] by gremlin ?

’ and Jess released a hissing breath of fury .
’ and jess [freed] a hissing breath of fury .

Health warnings are not considered necessary because the chemicals and gases are released in such minute quantities that there is not immediate effect .
health warnings are not considered necessary because the chemicals and gases are [freed] in such minute quantities that there is not immediate effect .

Reduce the amount released by painting with a natural organic paint .
reduce the amount [freed] by painting with a natural organic paint .

She had changed into a loose gauzy nightdress and released her hair so that it fell , witch-like , over her shoulders .
she had changed into a loose gauzy nightdress and [freed] her hair so that it fell , witch-like , over her shoulders .

From October ‘ 88 when he moved in , John began to build a team together — nine married couples ( most of whom held responsibilities in the main church ) were released to concentrate on Trendlewood .
from october ‘ 88 when he moved in , john began to build a team together — nine married couples ( most of whom held responsibilities in the main church ) were [freed] to concentrate on trendlewood .

Figures released for 1990 show , for the first time since the second world war , a very slight increase in Church of England membership , as well as an increase in those accepted for ordination .
figures [freed] for 1990 show , for the first time since the second world war , a very slight increase in church of england membership , as well as an increase in those accepted for ordination .

When released from prison he shows how he relied on others , by needing to be with the church after release from prison rather than going off and licking his wounds by himself .
when [freed] from prison he shows how he relied on others , by needing to be with the church after release from prison rather than going off and licking his wounds by himself .

Some strength or recklessness seemed to have been released in her by recent events ; she had increased as Anwar had diminished .
some strength or recklessness seemed to have been [freed] in her by recent events ; she had increased as anwar had diminished .

It had been a favourite choice of Miss Barnett on those long dark afternoons m- winter before the Sunday school was released , when the outside light was fading and the small Adam Dalgliesh was already dreading those last twenty yards of his walk home where the rectory drive curved and the bushes grew thickest .
it had been a favourite choice of miss barnett on those long dark afternoons m- winter before the sunday school was [freed] , when the outside light was fading and the small adam dalgliesh was already dreading those last twenty yards of his walk home where the rectory drive curved and the bushes grew thickest .

In a move variously described as ‘ ghoulish ’ , ‘ Machiavellian ’ and ‘ sick ’ , Mr Creed , it was alleged , had orchestrated this posthumous resignation , instructing expert embalmers to preserve the corpse and even arranging a photo session two days after Sir Charles 's death ( Sir Charles 's lifeless arm around Mr Creed 's shoulders ) so a picture could be released to the press along with a transcript of the letter of resignation .
in a move variously described as ‘ ghoulish ’ , ‘ machiavellian ’ and ‘ sick ’ , mr creed , it was alleged , had orchestrated this posthumous resignation , instructing expert embalmers to preserve the corpse and even arranging a photo session two days after sir charles 's death ( sir charles 's lifeless arm around mr creed 's shoulders ) so a picture could be [freed] to the press along with a transcript of the letter of resignation .

They were burning at temperatures of less than 1300 degrees , which meant that dioxins were being released into the air .
they were burning at temperatures of less than 1300 degrees , which meant that dioxins were being [freed] into the air .

Next day there could be a grand concert , details of which will be released later .
next day there could be a grand concert , details of which will be [freed] later .

Their joint contribution would have warranted a commemorative book , had not one by chance bearing their names already been recently released .
their joint contribution would have warranted a commemorative book , had not one by chance bearing their names already been recently [freed] .

Tony Dodemaide , 28 , the Victoria and Australia allrounder released by Sussex at the end of last season , is to play for Lancashire League club East Lancashire in 1992 .
tony dodemaide , 28 , the victoria and australia allrounder [freed] by sussex at the end of last season , is to play for lancashire league club east lancashire in 1992 .

Manescu released her and rubbed his throat .
manescu [freed] her and rubbed his throat .

Figures were released at 14 and 53 weeks in 1992 and at 13 weeks in 1993 .
figures were [freed] at 14 and 53 weeks in 1992 and at 13 weeks in 1993 .

In Greece , where the legal system is again based on the Napoleonic Code , there is a law that once the next-of-kin have identified the body of a relative it must be released to them for burial .
in greece , where the legal system is again based on the napoleonic code , there is a law that once the next-of-kin have identified the body of a relative it must be [freed] to them for burial .

The Greek authorities made no effort , indeed it is not known whether they had the legal authority , to allow the post mortem examination to take place before the body was released , despite the scarcity of important evidence in a case of this kind .
the greek authorities made no effort , indeed it is not known whether they had the legal authority , to allow the post mortem examination to take place before the body was [freed] , despite the scarcity of important evidence in a case of this kind .

The rear pressure dome was fitted with a petal valve to simulate failure at 19 000 feet and released when the cabin differential pressure reached 6.25 pounds per square inch .
the rear pressure dome was fitted with a petal valve to simulate failure at 19 000 feet and [freed] when the cabin differential pressure reached 6.25 pounds per square inch .

And whatever is ready by that day will be released .
and whatever is ready by that day will be [freed] .

The 1993 figures were released at 13 weeks , the 1992 figures at 14 weeks .
the 1993 figures were [freed] at 13 weeks , the 1992 figures at 14 weeks .

The prospectus will be released in the last week of May by brokers , Allied Provincial Securities Ltd , and the share placing should take place about a week to 10 days later .
the prospectus will be [freed] in the last week of may by brokers , allied provincial securities ltd , and the share placing should take place about a week to 10 days later .

Fortran77 , released as the name suggests in 1977 , is still the most widely used development language in the massively parallel market .
fortran77 , [freed] as the name suggests in 1977 , is still the most widely used development language in the massively parallel market .

The 1993 figures were released at 14 weeks , the 1992 figures at 13 weeks .
the 1993 figures were [freed] at 14 weeks , the 1992 figures at 13 weeks .

The 1993 figures were released at 14 and 53 weeks .
the 1993 figures were [freed] at 14 and 53 weeks .

The 1993 figures were released at 14 and 27 weeks and the 1992 figures at 13 and 26 weeks .
the 1993 figures were [freed] at 14 and 27 weeks and the 1992 figures at 13 and 26 weeks .

In a preliminary report released yesterday , the company notes a particularly good performance by its commercial division in maintaining sales in Europe and increasing its penetration of the Pacific rim markets .
in a preliminary report [freed] yesterday , the company notes a particularly good performance by its commercial division in maintaining sales in europe and increasing its penetration of the pacific rim markets .

When he was released he remained in Wales as a private schoolmaster until he became chaplain and tutor to the family of Lord Carbery in his beautiful house , ‘ Golden Grove ’ , in Carmarthenshire .
when he was [freed] he remained in wales as a private schoolmaster until he became chaplain and tutor to the family of lord carbery in his beautiful house , ‘ golden grove ’ , in carmarthenshire .

Released from imprisonment for his writings , he was soon in jail again for debt .
[freed] from imprisonment for his writings , he was soon in jail again for debt .

Councillors at the planning meeting had expressed worries that nitrates would be released into the river Stour when effluent from the plant flowed into the river .
councillors at the planning meeting had expressed worries that nitrates would be [freed] into the river stour when effluent from the plant flowed into the river .

Maps in the eastern Irish Sea area have been updated , and work has begun on a review , incorporating newly released commercial data , of the maps from the Moray Firth .
maps in the eastern irish sea area have been updated , and work has begun on a review , incorporating newly [freed] commercial data , of the maps from the moray firth .

They were responding to a tip-off after police released a video of two men filmed shortly before the blast at the Knightsbridge store on January 28 in which three people were injured .
they were responding to a tip-off after police [freed] a video of two men filmed shortly before the blast at the knightsbridge store on january 28 in which three people were injured .

Jan Alexander Taylor and Patrick Thomas Hayes were arrested on Tuesday , hours after police released film of two men caught on security cameras five weeks ago walking along the street near the Knightsbridge store about 30 minutes before a small bomb exploded .
jan alexander taylor and patrick thomas hayes were arrested on tuesday , hours after police [freed] film of two men caught on security cameras five weeks ago walking along the street near the knightsbridge store about 30 minutes before a small bomb exploded .

British consul David Hook was in Waco liaising with the authorities and checking on the health of the three British children released earlier and now recovering in the care of the local child protection agency .
british consul david hook was in waco liaising with the authorities and checking on the health of the three british children [freed] earlier and now recovering in the care of the local child protection agency .

They had been charged with a variety of public order offences and been released on police bail to appear before magistrates at a later date .
they had been charged with a variety of public order offences and been [freed] on police bail to appear before magistrates at a later date .

The child was given a check-up at Wexham Park Hospital and later released .
the child was given a check-up at wexham park hospital and later [freed] .

Kemp was released after treatment but Raynsford was kept in and was said last night to be ‘ comfortable ’ .
kemp was [freed] after treatment but raynsford was kept in and was said last night to be ‘ comfortable ’ .

In February the King released 313 political prisoners , including prisoners of conscience Jogen Gazmere and Sushil Pokhrel , who had been detained for over two years without trial .
in february the king [freed] 313 political prisoners , including prisoners of conscience jogen gazmere and sushil pokhrel , who had been detained for over two years without trial .

Syria : Ghassan Najjar — released
syria : ghassan najjar — [freed]

They were released the following day when a crowd of 4000 people gathered outside the police station .
they were [freed] the following day when a crowd of 4000 people gathered outside the police station .

He was arrested on 11 May 1991 , having been previously arrested twice and released without charge .
he was arrested on 11 may 1991 , having been previously arrested twice and [freed] without charge .

The medical name for the start of this most fertile period is ovulation and occurs when a mature egg is released from the ovaries , ready to be fertilised .
the medical name for the start of this most fertile period is ovulation and occurs when a mature egg is [freed] from the ovaries , ready to be fertilised .

After the egg has been released , the empty ‘ sack ’ it leaves behind in the ovary produces yet another hormone called Progesterone .
after the egg has been [freed] , the empty ‘ sack ’ it leaves behind in the ovary produces yet another hormone called progesterone .

But , as it digests its food , the House Dust Mite produces potent allergens in its alimentary canal , which are released in its faecal pellets .
but , as it digests its food , the house dust mite produces potent allergens in its alimentary canal , which are [freed] in its faecal pellets .

Vic Williams , the British soldier imprisoned for desertion on the eve of the Gulf War , was released on parole on 23 April after serving just over half of his 14-month sentence .
vic williams , the british soldier imprisoned for desertion on the eve of the gulf war , was [freed] on parole on 23 april after serving just over half of his 14-month sentence .

On this basis she was detained but reportedly released , temporarily , to take care of her one year-old daughter .
on this basis she was detained but reportedly [freed] , temporarily , to take care of her one year-old daughter .

Together with a woman , Sonam Choedron , ( who was released in April 1991 ) they were tried on 8 February 1991 and reportedly sentenced to four years ' imprisonment .
together with a woman , sonam choedron , ( who was [freed] in april 1991 ) they were tried on 8 february 1991 and reportedly sentenced to four years ' imprisonment .

He was released in August 1991 .
he was [freed] in august 1991 .

He was held without charge or trial for six months and then released .
he was held without charge or trial for six months and then [freed] .

On 11 September 1991 , Erdogan Kizilkaya was released pending trial by Kayseri State Security Court .
on 11 september 1991 , erdogan kizilkaya was [freed] pending trial by kayseri state security court .

They received sentences of three and two years ' ‘ restricted liberty ’ , and were conditionally released .
they received sentences of three and two years ' ‘ restricted liberty ’ , and were conditionally [freed] .

The Gordon Riots ( 1780 , described by Dickens in Barnaby Rudge ) , in which the London mob sacked the houses of Catholics and released the inhabitants of Bedlam , frightened all sections of English society .
the gordon riots ( 1780 , described by dickens in barnaby rudge ) , in which the london mob sacked the houses of catholics and [freed] the inhabitants of bedlam , frightened all sections of english society .

Not only a trade union , it also offered protection to those released from bonded labour , to the slumdwellers of Raipur , child labourers , farmers , women deserted or abused for the sake of dowry .
not only a trade union , it also offered protection to those [freed] from bonded labour , to the slumdwellers of raipur , child labourers , farmers , women deserted or abused for the sake of dowry .

In 1989 , she released Absolute Torch and Twang , which has since sold more than a million copies .
in 1989 , she [freed] absolute torch and twang , which has since sold more than a million copies .

Ingénue , the album she released in March , has more of the evocative purity of a Judy Garland than the relentless drawl of a Dolly Parton .
ingénue , the album she [freed] in march , has more of the evocative purity of a judy garland than the relentless drawl of a dolly parton .

In theory , the model should rotate about its vertical axis until the control is released and then stop .
in theory , the model should rotate about its vertical axis until the control is [freed] and then stop .

The chanting rose in volume and fell , syncopated and flowed , loved and released , flew and dived , teased and reassured and elevated and entranced and redeemed .
the chanting rose in volume and fell , syncopated and flowed , loved and [freed] , flew and dived , teased and reassured and elevated and entranced and redeemed .

The band you thought had no personality and were locked into a strait-jacketed genre have just made an album packed with more character and idiosyncrasies than practically any other released in 1992 .
the band you thought had no personality and were locked into a strait-jacketed genre have just made an album packed with more character and idiosyncrasies than practically any other [freed] in 1992 .

These demos were released in 1985 , just after the release of ‘ The Unforgettable Fire ’ , but were recorded either in 1978 or 1979 , presumably at the sessions Barry Devlin produced at Dublin 's Windmill Lane Studios or those produced by Chas de Whalley .
these demos were [freed] in 1985 , just after the release of ‘ the unforgettable fire ’ , but were recorded either in 1978 or 1979 , presumably at the sessions barry devlin produced at dublin 's windmill lane studios or those produced by chas de whalley .

The Health and Safety Commission has released new guidance on lifting patients amid criticisms that previous guidance was not enforced .
the health and safety commission has [freed] new guidance on lifting patients amid criticisms that previous guidance was not enforced .

The main thrust of the inquiry team 's recommendations is for services to be concentrated on fewer sites and the money released to fund improvements in the community .
the main thrust of the inquiry team 's recommendations is for services to be concentrated on fewer sites and the money [freed] to fund improvements in the community .

Some participants were funded and released by their home owners and managers , some were merely funded .
some participants were funded and [freed] by their home owners and managers , some were merely funded .

The result is a lacerated wound with little surrounding tissue destruction and the energy released at the site of the injury is very low .
the result is a lacerated wound with little surrounding tissue destruction and the energy [freed] at the site of the injury is very low .

Despite repeated rape and electric shock , Paulina never mentioned the name of her lover , who married her after she was released , though he had taken up with another woman .
despite repeated rape and electric shock , paulina never mentioned the name of her lover , who married her after she was [freed] , though he had taken up with another woman .

The thought has come to the surface in order to be released .
the thought has come to the surface in order to be [freed] .

Right , and after we have released our anger , the next step is to work out why we created that situation , and which beliefs and thoughts support our anger .
right , and after we have [freed] our anger , the next step is to work out why we created that situation , and which beliefs and thoughts support our anger .

Our resentment does not need to be understandable or ‘ rational ’ ; it simply needs to be expressed and released .
our resentment does not need to be understandable or ‘ rational ’ ; it simply needs to be expressed and [freed] .

Top-quality diamonds , even small ones , are normally ‘ sourced ’ with a certificate when released to the trade by the Central Selling Organization which dominates the world diamond trade , handling over 85 per cent of stones passing from the mines to the trade .
top-quality diamonds , even small ones , are normally ‘ sourced ’ with a certificate when [freed] to the trade by the central selling organization which dominates the world diamond trade , handling over 85 per cent of stones passing from the mines to the trade .

‘ The kid had been released safe and sound .
‘ the kid had been [freed] safe and sound .

The mystery is why they let Quinn live , and why they first released the boy and then killed him .
the mystery is why they let quinn live , and why they first [freed] the boy and then killed him .

That evening he released the body , or both parts of it , to the Coroner 's Officer .
that evening he [freed] the body , or both parts of it , to the coroner 's officer .

The coroner released the body to him an hour ago .
the coroner [freed] the body to him an hour ago .

He knew Chico Mendes , leader of the rubber-tappers and social activist , whose murderers have recently been released from jail .
he knew chico mendes , leader of the rubber-tappers and social activist , whose murderers have recently been [freed] from jail .

When she was released , it was on pain of death unless she persuaded her fugitive daughter to return to Malawi .
when she was [freed] , it was on pain of death unless she persuaded her fugitive daughter to return to malawi .

Funds will be released in increments outlined by the business plan .
funds will be [freed] in increments outlined by the business plan .

However , as a window into the emotions released by a virus-turned-epidemic , it was always a non-starter .
however , as a window into the emotions [freed] by a virus-turned-epidemic , it was always a non-starter .

But the Guildford Four were released at just the wrong time , and the government quietly put the scheme on the back burner — indefinitely , it would seem .
but the guildford four were [freed] at just the wrong time , and the government quietly put the scheme on the back burner — indefinitely , it would seem .

It will have been made for the sailcloth trade but , due to some minor fault in manufacture , was released to the kite trade instead , and at an economic advantage .
it will have been made for the sailcloth trade but , due to some minor fault in manufacture , was [freed] to the kite trade instead , and at an economic advantage .

On hitting a stop , the messenger released the parachute which was made of lightweight tissue paper , ballasted by a piece of card .
on hitting a stop , the messenger [freed] the parachute which was made of lightweight tissue paper , ballasted by a piece of card .

The fauna can be elevated and released with far greater ease .
the fauna can be elevated and [freed] with far greater ease .

‘ That first record was finally released a good 18 months later than it should have been , ’ said the source .
‘ that first record was finally [freed] a good 18 months later than it should have been , ’ said the source .

‘ Strange Free World ’ is produced by Hugh Jones and has been recently released in America to great acclaim ( see feature , page 16 ) .
‘ strange free world ’ is produced by hugh jones and has been recently [freed] in america to great acclaim ( see feature , page 16 ) .

Released this week , the debut single by Poppy Factory , ‘ 7×7 ’ is a great wodge of ideas and sentiments .
[freed] this week , the debut single by poppy factory , ‘ 7×7 ’ is a great wodge of ideas and sentiments .

How come they 're familiar with album tracks from an album that is n't released here yet ?
how come they 're familiar with album tracks from an album that is n't [freed] here yet ?

It took Martyn Ware and Ian Craig Marsh of Heaven 17 to woo Green away from his idyllic semi-retirement with an invitation to contribute a song to their second volume of wild and wacky cover versions ‘ Music Of Quality And Distinction ’ , to be released later in the year .
it took martyn ware and ian craig marsh of heaven 17 to woo green away from his idyllic semi-retirement with an invitation to contribute a song to their second volume of wild and wacky cover versions ‘ music of quality and distinction ’ , to be [freed] later in the year .

You can hear his background , taste and influences on ‘ Report To The Dance Floor ’ , his contribution to the ‘ Biorhythms 2 ’ compilation , which has just been released in remixed form on a label notorious for its bleeps .
you can hear his background , taste and influences on ‘ report to the dance floor ’ , his contribution to the ‘ biorhythms 2 ’ compilation , which has just been [freed] in remixed form on a label notorious for its bleeps .

Intriguingly , the sessions for the album began at Lee Perry 's Black Ark studio , but very little of the material was ever released .
intriguingly , the sessions for the album began at lee perry 's black ark studio , but very little of the material was ever [freed] .

‘ Survival ’ was an altogether more militant record , released in 1979 and focusing on Zimbabwe where Marley would soon play the official independence ceremony .
‘ survival ’ was an altogether more militant record , [freed] in 1979 and focusing on zimbabwe where marley would soon play the official independence ceremony .

There are half a dozen songs tonight that have n't been released , and they 're all worth their stuff ; a bonkers instrumental after the Grateful Dead called ‘ Swashbuckler ’ , a flaming flamenco exercise ( ‘ Callin'-All ’ ) and a yearning epic sung by John that took the wired-up angsty quality of The Boys ' ‘ First Time ’ and put in some of Roy Orbison 's operatic noodlings for good measure .
there are half a dozen songs tonight that have n't been [freed] , and they 're all worth their stuff ; a bonkers instrumental after the grateful dead called ‘ swashbuckler ’ , a flaming flamenco exercise ( ‘ callin'-all ’ ) and a yearning epic sung by john that took the wired-up angsty quality of the boys ' ‘ first time ’ and put in some of roy orbison 's operatic noodlings for good measure .

The Respect single was released on December 24 , which was a decidedly dodgy date on which to push any new-born record into a then well-boozy world .
the respect single was [freed] on december 24 , which was a decidedly dodgy date on which to push any new-born record into a then well-boozy world .

In May 1989 Westport Tourism Organisation released a statement against the mining .
in may 1989 westport tourism organisation [freed] a statement against the mining .

This music , which sometimes came with the heat in his chest and sometimes separately , also released a flood of pleasurable emotion which Rolle identified with the love of God .
this music , which sometimes came with the heat in his chest and sometimes separately , also [freed] a flood of pleasurable emotion which rolle identified with the love of god .

Meehan should have been released immediately , but instead the authorities offered him parole , that is release on licence , which he properly and courageously rejected , knowing it could not be long before he was released unconditionally .
meehan should have been [freed] immediately , but instead the authorities offered him parole , that is release on licence , which he properly and courageously rejected , knowing it could not be long before he was [freed] unconditionally .

’ That afternoon Meehan was released from Peterhead and given an interim compensation payment of £2500 with a promise of more to come .
’ that afternoon meehan was [freed] from peterhead and given an interim compensation payment of £2500 with a promise of more to come .

Instead of being handed the life sentence he so richly deserved , Waddell was released from Barlinnie the following year and gave yet another confession to the Ayr murder to the Evening News : ‘ It was me all right .
instead of being handed the life sentence he so richly deserved , waddell was [freed] from barlinnie the following year and gave yet another confession to the ayr murder to the evening news : ‘ it was me all right .

She marked the paths of birds and insects , pointed to the homes of lizards and carried a fishing line which she would occasionally cast , watching for the rough bobbin to lurch , winding in a small , flat saafi fish which danced on the hook until she released it and tossed it back .
she marked the paths of birds and insects , pointed to the homes of lizards and carried a fishing line which she would occasionally cast , watching for the rough bobbin to lurch , winding in a small , flat saafi fish which danced on the hook until she [freed] it and tossed it back .

Though it would be some time before he was released from hospital , he was already better and we were all able to relax with relief .
though it would be some time before he was [freed] from hospital , he was already better and we were all able to relax with relief .

Spackman is seen walking out of a black niche , his right leg forward , and the right hand holding the winding-sheet against the outer thigh ; underneath he wears an open shirt with broad cuffs from which the draw-strings have been released .
spackman is seen walking out of a black niche , his right leg forward , and the right hand holding the winding-sheet against the outer thigh ; underneath he wears an open shirt with broad cuffs from which the draw-strings have been [freed] .

‘ Katie , ’ he said when he had released me .
‘ katie , ’ he said when he had [freed] me .

Emergency University classes on a small scale have been organised , and some 3,000 students are expected to enroll for the University for June next , but only a small proportion of the University buildings can be released by the Army .
emergency university classes on a small scale have been organised , and some 3,000 students are expected to enroll for the university for june next , but only a small proportion of the university buildings can be [freed] by the army .

The light is inside everyone , it just needs to be released .
the light is inside everyone , it just needs to be [freed] .

And excellent debut compilation albums released this month by both the Dorado and Conscious labels are testament to two London labels that have established niches through funky , funky music played at its roughest .
and excellent debut compilation albums [freed] this month by both the dorado and conscious labels are testament to two london labels that have established niches through funky , funky music played at its roughest .

Released worldwide on all formats on November 24 ( Sonic Tuesday , apparently ) , once again it sees the animal libber hedgehog taking on the evil Dr Robotnik through a series of worlds ( The Mystic Cave , The Toxic Plant Zone etc ) .
[freed] worldwide on all formats on november 24 ( sonic tuesday , apparently ) , once again it sees the animal libber hedgehog taking on the evil dr robotnik through a series of worlds ( the mystic cave , the toxic plant zone etc ) .

Collectively , as Us3 , they 've made vinyl history with the hopelessly addictive ‘ Cantaloop ( Flip Fantasia ) ’ , the first hip hop record to be released by the internationally-respected jazz label Blue Note .
collectively , as us3 , they 've made vinyl history with the hopelessly addictive ‘ cantaloop ( flip fantasia ) ’ , the first hip hop record to be [freed] by the internationally-respected jazz label blue note .

Willis and four men were whisked off to jail for the night and released on bail .
willis and four men were whisked off to jail for the night and [freed] on bail .

Internationally acclaimed hairdresser , John Frieda , has just released his look for ‘ 92 .
internationally acclaimed hairdresser , john frieda , has just [freed] his look for ‘ 92 .

It was as if he had released some dark and terrible secret which had been boiling within him .
it was as if he had [freed] some dark and terrible secret which had been boiling within him .

Santa Clara , California-based Rational Inc has released Insight , a reverse engineering and browsing tool for Ada developers — prices start at $3,000 .
santa clara , california-based rational inc has [freed] insight , a reverse engineering and browsing tool for ada developers — prices start at $3,000 .

Softool Corp , Goleta , California , has released version 2.0 of its CCC/Manager change and configuration management tool for software development , which it will target at the Unix community .
softool corp , goleta , california , has [freed] version 2.0 of its ccc/manager change and configuration management tool for software development , which it will target at the unix community .

+1 604 925 3600 Denver , Colorado-based Advanced Archival Products Inc has released version 4.0 of its Amass Unix filesystem for jukebox storage systems — prices start at $ 6,000 .
+1 604 925 3600 denver , colorado-based advanced archival products inc has [freed] version 4.0 of its amass unix filesystem for jukebox storage systems — prices start at $ 6,000 .

Late last year it released version 3 of WinFax Pro , which improved on an already good package .
late last year it [freed] version 3 of winfax pro , which improved on an already good package .

Larkspur , California-based Bristol Group has released a new version of IsoFax , its software-based fax package including Direct Inward Dialling phone service for Unix-based workstations : it runs under Open Look and Motif on Sun Microsystems Inc Sparcstations .
larkspur , california-based bristol group has [freed] a new version of isofax , its software-based fax package including direct inward dialling phone service for unix-based workstations : it runs under open look and motif on sun microsystems inc sparcstations .

Epoch Systems Inc , has released EpochBackup , software backup systems for Unix-based network environments : designed to automatically back up and restore files it also incorporates disaster recovery , library management and hierarchical storage management .
epoch systems inc , has [freed] epochbackup , software backup systems for unix-based network environments : designed to automatically back up and restore files it also incorporates disaster recovery , library management and hierarchical storage management .

Under the program , Sun users will get an upgrade immediately to Sparcstations , with the prospect of getting Sparcstation 10 power when these machines are finally released .
under the program , sun users will get an upgrade immediately to sparcstations , with the prospect of getting sparcstation 10 power when these machines are finally [freed] .

Sun Microsystems Inc retains its market-leading position in the Japanese workstation market , according to figures released by the Nikkei Industrial News last week .
sun microsystems inc retains its market-leading position in the japanese workstation market , according to figures [freed] by the nikkei industrial news last week .

London-based Andersen Consulting Ltd has now released Foundation for Cooperative Processing 2.0 , its client/server application development tool .
london-based andersen consulting ltd has now [freed] foundation for cooperative processing 2.0 , its client/server application development tool .

Fortran77 , released as the name suggests in 1977 , is still the most widely used development language in the massively parallel market .
fortran77 , [freed] as the name suggests in 1977 , is still the most widely used development language in the massively parallel market .

Sun Microsystems Inc 's Sunconnect division is to roll-out the latest version of SunNet Manager , its network manager software , in an attempt to catch up with Hewlett-Packard Co which has just released OpenView 3.0 .
sun microsystems inc 's sunconnect division is to roll-out the latest version of sunnet manager , its network manager software , in an attempt to catch up with hewlett-packard co which has just [freed] openview 3.0 .

Sharpe reloaded the rifle , this time ramming the bullet hard down against the charge , then released the horse .
sharpe reloaded the rifle , this time ramming the bullet hard down against the charge , then [freed] the horse .

Goblin Fanatics are released as soon as enemy come within 8″ of their unit .
goblin fanatics are [freed] as soon as enemy come within 8″ of their unit .

There is no choice here , all the Fanatics in a unit must be released as soon as enemy are within this distance .
there is no choice here , all the fanatics in a unit must be [freed] as soon as enemy are within this distance .

This will include the power to reduce expenditure in any one of these areas in order to devote more funds to another , for example , by choosing to spend money released by a staff vacancy on educational equipment rather than on recruiting a replacement .
this will include the power to reduce expenditure in any one of these areas in order to devote more funds to another , for example , by choosing to spend money [freed] by a staff vacancy on educational equipment rather than on recruiting a replacement .

Nitrate of potash , saltpetre and bonfire ash supply both potash and nitrogen , and a lot of it , which , when released very quickly by reaction with other chemicals and ignition , provides an explosion like gun powder .
nitrate of potash , saltpetre and bonfire ash supply both potash and nitrogen , and a lot of it , which , when [freed] very quickly by reaction with other chemicals and ignition , provides an explosion like gun powder .

It breaks down readily — indeed , if allowed to become damp it invariably smells of ammonia , which is the indication that the nitrogen is already being released and lost into the air .
it breaks down readily — indeed , if allowed to become damp it invariably smells of ammonia , which is the indication that the nitrogen is already being [freed] and lost into the air .

Phosphate is the least problem and , perhaps because of the almost profligate use of bone meal and the very long time it takes for the phosphate to be released by bacterial decomposition , is very seldom indeed the cause for worry .
phosphate is the least problem and , perhaps because of the almost profligate use of bone meal and the very long time it takes for the phosphate to be [freed] by bacterial decomposition , is very seldom indeed the cause for worry .

As the experiment continued the learner would begin to protest , scream , demand that he be released , and even hammer on the wall ; eventually he would fall silent .
as the experiment continued the learner would begin to protest , scream , demand that he be [freed] , and even hammer on the wall ; eventually he would fall silent .

Five prisoners had to be released because of extreme emotional depression .
five prisoners had to be [freed] because of extreme emotional depression .

This groundswell of dissatisfaction was partially released during the 1960s and 1970s through inquiries into a number of key professional issues .
this groundswell of dissatisfaction was partially [freed] during the 1960s and 1970s through inquiries into a number of key professional issues .

Administrators murdered their superiors and released stock of weapons to the rebels .
administrators murdered their superiors and [freed] stock of weapons to the rebels .

The claw released Obispal , thrusting him away .
the claw [freed] obispal , thrusting him away .

Grimm released Googol , cleaned him , massaged him .
grimm [freed] googol , cleaned him , massaged him .

If one qualifies , there is the right to a passport ; if the relevant Parole Board decides in favour then the prisoner is entitled to be released .
if one qualifies , there is the right to a passport ; if the relevant parole board decides in favour then the prisoner is entitled to be [freed] .

It is possible to let resentment and hurt linger on for years , when it should have been released long before .
it is possible to let resentment and hurt linger on for years , when it should have been [freed] long before .

Like a pressure cooker in danger of becoming overheated , once the steam is released all is safe and well , and the cooking process can continue .
like a pressure cooker in danger of becoming overheated , once the steam is [freed] all is safe and well , and the cooking process can continue .

If students can argue for the project 's viability , through research and costings , then finance is released for production by a commercial printer and the students follow through their marketing plan in order to recoup the investment .
if students can argue for the project 's viability , through research and costings , then finance is [freed] for production by a commercial printer and the students follow through their marketing plan in order to recoup the investment .

Calls were made for people considered wrongfully imprisoned to be released .
calls were made for people considered wrongfully imprisoned to be [freed] .

Some of the authors were former activists imprisoned after the Tiananmen Incident who made contacts while in detention and maintained them after being released .
some of the authors were former activists imprisoned after the tiananmen incident who made contacts while in detention and maintained them after being [freed] .

Some views expressed at this time were not dissimilar to those of the ‘ Li Yi Zhe ’ document , whose authors were released in February 1979 .
some views expressed at this time were not dissimilar to those of the ‘ li yi zhe ’ document , whose authors were [freed] in february 1979 .

The preparations were halted by the news that the arrested students had been released .
the preparations were halted by the news that the arrested students had been [freed] .

At the universities , the released students were treated like heroes and paraded around triumphantly in scenes probably akin to 1935 , when arrested students from ‘ December Ninth ’ were set free .
at the universities , the [freed] students were treated like heroes and paraded around triumphantly in scenes probably akin to 1935 , when arrested students from ‘ december ninth ’ were set free .

Liposomes — tiny bubbles so small they can penetrate deep into your skin so the nourishing and moisturising ingredients contained within are released where they 're needed most .
liposomes — tiny bubbles so small they can penetrate deep into your skin so the nourishing and moisturising ingredients contained within are [freed] where they 're needed most .

California Cool : West Coast Cover Art is a classic collection of West Coast jazz imagery , and follows the superlative Cover Art Of Blue Note released earlier in the year . Check the excellent scantily clads and look for the blatant Talkin Loud ‘ inspiration ’
california cool : west coast cover art is a classic collection of west coast jazz imagery , and follows the superlative cover art of blue note [freed] earlier in the year . check the excellent scantily clads and look for the blatant talkin loud ‘ inspiration ’

The new self-titled album , released on Go !
the new self-titled album , [freed] on go !

‘ Love 's Theme ’ live , now 18 years old and hopelessly dated , does what pop music is supposed to do , which is to make you feel good about yourself and momentarily released from the impossible contradictions , demands and sadness of life .
‘ love 's theme ’ live , now 18 years old and hopelessly dated , does what pop music is supposed to do , which is to make you feel good about yourself and momentarily [freed] from the impossible contradictions , demands and sadness of life .

In Britain , there are Seventies funk compilations being released nearly every week .
in britain , there are seventies funk compilations being [freed] nearly every week .

This can lead to oxygen gas being released in blood vessels with potentially dangerous effects on the fish .
this can lead to oxygen gas being [freed] in blood vessels with potentially dangerous effects on the fish .

‘ School Of The World ’ , her debut single , was released to critical acclaim in November of that year .
‘ school of the world ’ , her debut single , was [freed] to critical acclaim in november of that year .

Two more highly researched titles have recently been released by Air-Britain .
two more highly researched titles have recently been [freed] by air-britain .

Brown released his safety belt and removed his gloves , and with a crippled leg from the war , scrambled onto the centre section of the fuselage and then onto the wing .
brown [freed] his safety belt and removed his gloves , and with a crippled leg from the war , scrambled onto the centre section of the fuselage and then onto the wing .

The aircraft is released from the trolley by a semi-automatic system ( manual command , only obeyed if certain safety parameters are within limits ) .
the aircraft is [freed] from the trolley by a semi-automatic system ( manual command , only obeyed if certain safety parameters are within limits ) .

No details of his trip were released until he had left .
no details of his trip were [freed] until he had left .

He was released from his 12-day sentence after mental health charity Mind and a well-wisher paid his bill and costs , totalling £370 .
he was [freed] from his 12-day sentence after mental health charity mind and a well-wisher paid his bill and costs , totalling £370 .

Mr Stephen tabled an amendment to existing bail laws to plug a loophole which allowed defendants released on bail to commit further offences .
mr stephen tabled an amendment to existing bail laws to plug a loophole which allowed defendants [freed] on bail to commit further offences .

People who committed crimes in the past 10 years while on bail would have to provide good reasons why they should be released .
people who committed crimes in the past 10 years while on bail would have to provide good reasons why they should be [freed] .

He also released a secret document dated October 1990 showing that the Defence Ministry was worried about the amount of high-tech products being exported to Iraq .
he also [freed] a secret document dated october 1990 showing that the defence ministry was worried about the amount of high-tech products being exported to iraq .

Cash released by the abolition of car tax would not match the loss of spending power for low-paid public sector workers , he argued .
cash [freed] by the abolition of car tax would not match the loss of spending power for low-paid public sector workers , he argued .

In addition , firms will be more able to respond to changes in demand by innovating and providing new products , once they are released from the bureaucratic requirements of state control .
in addition , firms will be more able to respond to changes in demand by innovating and providing new products , once they are [freed] from the bureaucratic requirements of state control .

Smartly closing the regulator , he made a partial application of the steam brake , paused , released it , paused once again , then when he heard the wagon buffers face up , he made a full brake application .
smartly closing the regulator , he made a partial application of the steam brake , paused , [freed] it , paused once again , then when he heard the wagon buffers face up , he made a full brake application .

Mozart began work on the music during the autumn of 1780 , and in November the archbishop somewhat grudgingly released him to complete the work in Munich .
mozart began work on the music during the autumn of 1780 , and in november the archbishop somewhat grudgingly [freed] him to complete the work in munich .

It was later that evening that Simon Pardy , released from custody for the time being with a stern warning not to leave the town , went home .
it was later that evening that simon pardy , [freed] from custody for the time being with a stern warning not to leave the town , went home .

She released him and he fell back on the crumpled bedclothes to stare up at her at first blankly .
she [freed] him and he fell back on the crumpled bedclothes to stare up at her at first blankly .

When the nuclei of light elements join together or ‘ fuse ’ , energy is released ; what is more , the amount is more than the energy needed to push these nuclei into one another overcoming the electrical repulsion , so if we could accomplish this efficiently we would have a plentiful and dean supply of energy .
when the nuclei of light elements join together or ‘ fuse ’ , energy is [freed] ; what is more , the amount is more than the energy needed to push these nuclei into one another overcoming the electrical repulsion , so if we could accomplish this efficiently we would have a plentiful and dean supply of energy .

He informed Wilner that he had calculated the energy that would be released and it was over a million kilojoules , equivalent to a thousand grams of dynamite .
he informed wilner that he had calculated the energy that would be [freed] and it was over a million kilojoules , equivalent to a thousand grams of dynamite .

Energies released and absorbed in chemical processes are about 1 eV per atom .
energies [freed] and absorbed in chemical processes are about 1 ev per atom .

Energy is released when the nuclei of the light atomic elements join , so bringing them together is the primary goal .
energy is [freed] when the nuclei of the light atomic elements join , so bringing them together is the primary goal .

The regime thus charged him with damage of government property and jailed him for a few months until he was released under a general amnesty .
the regime thus charged him with damage of government property and jailed him for a few months until he was [freed] under a general amnesty .

The tritium produced is held within the aluminium and released as gas after heating and then stored in metal canisters .
the tritium produced is held within the aluminium and [freed] as gas after heating and then stored in metal canisters .

Gershtein conjectured that there could be a ‘ resonance ’ — that is , if the energy released during muon capture coincided with an energy level in one of the complex molecular states , this molecule could store the energy and the overall chance of interactions occurring would shoot up dramatically .
gershtein conjectured that there could be a ‘ resonance ’ — that is , if the energy [freed] during muon capture coincided with an energy level in one of the complex molecular states , this molecule could store the energy and the overall chance of interactions occurring would shoot up dramatically .

Each dt fusion released 17 MeV of energy , and so as few as eight sequential dt fusions are sufficient to release more energy than is contained in a muon at rest ( its ‘ rest energy ’ or mass ) .
each dt fusion [freed] 17 mev of energy , and so as few as eight sequential dt fusions are sufficient to release more energy than is contained in a muon at rest ( its ‘ rest energy ’ or mass ) .

Near the end of 1982 they achieved the first interesting number of eight fusions per muon , where the energy released exceeds the rest energy of a muon .
near the end of 1982 they achieved the first interesting number of eight fusions per muon , where the energy [freed] exceeds the rest energy of a muon .

That they did not was because they had achieved only conservation of energy in the sense that the amount released exceeded that contained in the mass of a muon .
that they did not was because they had achieved only conservation of energy in the sense that the amount [freed] exceeded that contained in the mass of a muon .

However , the paper in which Palmer had found the news had an explanation of its own , namely that helium formed in the early Universe , and trapped inside a new born Earth four billion years ago , is being released in volcanic plumes .
however , the paper in which palmer had found the news had an explanation of its own , namely that helium formed in the early universe , and trapped inside a new born earth four billion years ago , is being [freed] in volcanic plumes .

The focus of the meeting now turned to the question of how these results should be released .
the focus of the meeting now turned to the question of how these results should be [freed] .

Andre Stoop and Betts , who added his second try in the 75th minute , took Eagles by surprise down the left flank and released Offiah .
andre stoop and betts , who added his second try in the 75th minute , took eagles by surprise down the left flank and [freed] offiah .

Livett had been chased by Still when he was released by West Ham in the summer .
livett had been chased by still when he was [freed] by west ham in the summer .

Barnes , on as a first-half substitute , stole the game from Rangers when he released Rosenthal down the left flank in the 87th minute .
barnes , on as a first-half substitute , stole the game from rangers when he [freed] rosenthal down the left flank in the 87th minute .

In the sixth minute , Andy Impey released Ferdinand down the right flank .
in the sixth minute , andy impey [freed] ferdinand down the right flank .

Scholar also suggested Venables turned down the chance to sign Mark Hughes when he was released by Barcelona , having been on loan to Bayern Munich .
scholar also suggested venables turned down the chance to sign mark hughes when he was [freed] by barcelona , having been on loan to bayern munich .

All the tension Gascoigne had been suffering was suddenly released , and he celebrated by sprinting to the sidelines .
all the tension gascoigne had been suffering was suddenly [freed] , and he celebrated by sprinting to the sidelines .

‘ That this deal he set up with the Iranians through Nadirpur — part of the arrangement was that Philippe be released — in return for French arms .
‘ that this deal he set up with the iranians through nadirpur — part of the arrangement was that philippe be [freed] — in return for french arms .

‘ You mean if Philippe is released ?
‘ you mean if philippe is [freed] ?

You ask me to marry you because you think , if Philippe is released , we will continue with our wedding plans .
you ask me to marry you because you think , if philippe is [freed] , we will continue with our wedding plans .

When he has met our demands both of you will be released .
when he has met our demands both of you will be [freed] .

It might be to get a criminal or terrorist prisoners released , ’ he explained patiently .
it might be to get a criminal or terrorist prisoners [freed] , ’ he explained patiently .

‘ You see , from now on our demands are that your wife and child remain unharmed and are eventually released unharmed .
‘ you see , from now on our demands are that your wife and child remain unharmed and are eventually [freed] unharmed .

Watching her you had the impression that months of tension had suddenly been released .
watching her you had the impression that months of tension had suddenly been [freed] .

Now 72 , he 's back in the charts with Boom Boom , a remake of a track he first released 30 years ago .
now 72 , he 's back in the charts with boom boom , a remake of a track he first [freed] 30 years ago .

That was in 1956 — with the proviso that it could not be released until six months after the London stage run had ended .
that was in 1956 — with the proviso that it could not be [freed] until six months after the london stage run had ended .

They were right to insist that documents should not be released to the court because , he said , that was what they had to do .
they were right to insist that documents should not be [freed] to the court because , he said , that was what they had to do .

They released their suggestions for revising the car tax less than an hour before Mr Lamont abolished it completely .
they [freed] their suggestions for revising the car tax less than an hour before mr lamont abolished it completely .

On this important date , the game will be released throughout the world on Mega Drive , Master System and Game Gear .
on this important date , the game will be [freed] throughout the world on mega drive , master system and game gear .

She was released from hospital yesterday after having her stomach pumped .
she was [freed] from hospital yesterday after having her stomach pumped .

After treatment and being kept under observation , she was released .
after treatment and being kept under observation , she was [freed] .

There was a pop as he released the spring clip . ‘ Could you possibly go a little slower ? ’
there was a pop as he [freed] the spring clip . ‘ could you possibly go a little slower ? ’

For a split second , Constance failed to realise that he had released his grip on her .
for a split second , constance failed to realise that he had [freed] his grip on her .

Her relief released her anger .
her relief [freed] her anger .

To extend the parallel , the impact of the comet would also have released large quantities of hard radiation .
to extend the parallel , the impact of the comet would also have [freed] large quantities of hard radiation .

This annihilation is in itself interesting , because the energy released by the explosion is equivalent to the mass of both particles .
this annihilation is in itself interesting , because the energy [freed] by the explosion is equivalent to the mass of both particles .

After 10 minutes of frantic negotiations , the pair were released by embarrassed security guards and the trusted aides were allowed to join Charles and Diana .
after 10 minutes of frantic negotiations , the pair were [freed] by embarrassed security guards and the trusted aides were allowed to join charles and diana .

For example where the handbrake of a motor car is released and the car is allowed to run down a hill by itself the offence under section 12 would not be committed as it was not for his or another 's use .
for example where the handbrake of a motor car is [freed] and the car is allowed to run down a hill by itself the offence under section 12 would not be committed as it was not for his or another 's use .

Pilate obviously did not consider this to be a threat to Roman authority and tried to have him released .
pilate obviously did not consider this to be a threat to roman authority and tried to have him [freed] .

In spite of this , Luke stresses that Pilate tried hard , three times , to have Jesus released ( Luke 23:4,14 , 22 ) .
in spite of this , luke stresses that pilate tried hard , three times , to have jesus [freed] ( luke 23:4,14 , 22 ) .

and breeding habits ( when the union of two dislocations is blessed about five hundred new dislocations are suddenly released upon the crystal ) could be theoretically predicted and provided a superb intellectual exercise like three dimensional chess .
and breeding habits ( when the union of two dislocations is blessed about five hundred new dislocations are suddenly [freed] upon the crystal ) could be theoretically predicted and provided a superb intellectual exercise like three dimensional chess .

When an elastic material is strained , strain energy is stored in the stretched chemical bonds and when the material is fractured this energy is released .
when an elastic material is strained , strain energy is stored in the stretched chemical bonds and when the material is fractured this energy is [freed] .

As we have said , a strained material contains strain energy which would like to be released just as a raised weight contains potential energy and would like to fall .
as we have said , a strained material contains strain energy which would like to be [freed] just as a raised weight contains potential energy and would like to fall .

If the material is completely fractured naturally the whole of this energy is in the end released .
if the material is completely fractured naturally the whole of this energy is in the end [freed] .

This implies that the material immediately behind the crack is relaxed and the strain energy in that part of the material is released .
this implies that the material immediately behind the crack is relaxed and the strain energy in that part of the material is [freed] .

With her current single Irresistible rising in the charts , Miss Dennis , 23 , is now working on the video for her next single Falling , taken from the album Into The Skyline to be released in mid-January .
with her current single irresistible rising in the charts , miss dennis , 23 , is now working on the video for her next single falling , taken from the album into the skyline to be [freed] in mid-january .

No details of their discussions have been released , but the ex-leaders still share a deep conviction that their views on world matters — and their personal influence — are still vitally important .
no details of their discussions have been [freed] , but the ex-leaders still share a deep conviction that their views on world matters — and their personal influence — are still vitally important .

The parents of 10-year old Bart — Homer ( played by Dan Castellaneta ) and Marge ( Julie Kavner ) — and his sisters Lisa ( Yeardley Smith ) and Maggie will also appear on the album , to be released by Geffen Records .
the parents of 10-year old bart — homer ( played by dan castellaneta ) and marge ( julie kavner ) — and his sisters lisa ( yeardley smith ) and maggie will also appear on the album , to be [freed] by geffen records .

And far too many sex offenders are released from prison when experts know that they are likely to strike again .
and far too many sex offenders are [freed] from prison when experts know that they are likely to strike again .

Figures released for the first time by the Home Office prove our city streets are more dangerous for women than lonely country roads .
figures [freed] for the first time by the home office prove our city streets are more dangerous for women than lonely country roads .

Official Home Office figures , released for the first time , show parts of the South have far more sex crimes than the North or East of England .
official home office figures , [freed] for the first time , show parts of the south have far more sex crimes than the north or east of england .

Nosferatu , made in Germany in 1922 and starring Max Schreck — the actor who looked more like a rat than a rat — has been released by The Aikman Archive ( £14.99 ) .
nosferatu , made in germany in 1922 and starring max schreck — the actor who looked more like a rat than a rat — has been [freed] by the aikman archive ( £14.99 ) .

The pathetic official Home Office reaction , that they would not have released anything they had found , only compounds their breathtaking stupidity .
the pathetic official home office reaction , that they would not have [freed] anything they had found , only compounds their breathtaking stupidity .

Designer smells , which can take the anxiety out of a trip to the dentist or make your synthetic upholstery smell like real leather , are now being released on an unsuspecting public .
designer smells , which can take the anxiety out of a trip to the dentist or make your synthetic upholstery smell like real leather , are now being [freed] on an unsuspecting public .

Ironically , he was released early from a previous prison sentence a year ago because of good behaviour .
ironically , he was [freed] early from a previous prison sentence a year ago because of good behaviour .

There is still £6 billion from the sale of council homes locked away that could be released to give a boost to the construction industry .
there is still £6 billion from the sale of council homes locked away that could be [freed] to give a boost to the construction industry .

In 1989 , when the Israelis seized Hezbollah cleric Sheikh Abdel-Karim Obeid , Joe 's captors announced they would execute him if Obeid was not released .
in 1989 , when the israelis seized hezbollah cleric sheikh abdel-karim obeid , joe 's captors announced they would execute him if obeid was not [freed] .

Unhappily , at Christmas he also allegedly threw her against a wall during a row over another woman at a party at their home in Castle Rock , Colorado , was charged with assault and is now was arrested , charged with third degree assault and released on $1,000 bail .
unhappily , at christmas he also allegedly threw her against a wall during a row over another woman at a party at their home in castle rock , colorado , was charged with assault and is now was arrested , charged with third degree assault and [freed] on $1,000 bail .

The police spokesman revealed two local men were arrested in connection with the incident but were later released without charge because Hurlock did n't make a complaint .
the police spokesman revealed two local men were arrested in connection with the incident but were later [freed] without charge because hurlock did n't make a complaint .

Hamilton , who will be released from admin duties to work closer with coach Dave Philpotts on the training field , says : ‘ That suits me fine .
hamilton , who will be [freed] from admin duties to work closer with coach dave philpotts on the training field , says : ‘ that suits me fine .

Tom Walkinshaw offers his personal guarantee for any shortfall , conditional upon him being released from any liabilities or claims under the Companies Act .
tom walkinshaw offers his personal guarantee for any shortfall , conditional upon him being [freed] from any liabilities or claims under the companies act .

The Code requires that information released during an offer should be made equally available to all shareholders .
the code requires that information [freed] during an offer should be made equally available to all shareholders .

The Scottish Institute is currently finalising papers on the small company audit and disincorporation to be released shortly .
the scottish institute is currently finalising papers on the small company audit and disincorporation to be [freed] shortly .

The Pastel Accounting package has recently been released as a successor to the once popular ( South African ) TurboCASH .
the pastel accounting package has recently been [freed] as a successor to the once popular ( south african ) turbocash .

The Inland Revenue has released a consultative document that proposes a heavier tax charge for certain cars .
the inland revenue has [freed] a consultative document that proposes a heavier tax charge for certain cars .

The Institute has released its response to the Accounting Standards Board 's proposals for companies to produce an operating and financial review .
the institute has [freed] its response to the accounting standards board 's proposals for companies to produce an operating and financial review .

He said that it was clear that payment by a surety , whether in whole or in part , not only released the surety but also reduced the liability to the creditor of the principal debtor .
he said that it was clear that payment by a surety , whether in whole or in part , not only [freed] the surety but also reduced the liability to the creditor of the principal debtor .

Around the turn of the century about twelve per cent of persons sentenced to imprisonment were released under this law .
around the turn of the century about twelve per cent of persons sentenced to imprisonment were [freed] under this law .

Habitual criminals were also required to report once a month to a police station after they were released .
habitual criminals were also required to report once a month to a police station after they were [freed] .

On another occasion , Gordon was outraged when a Supreme Court judge released some prisoners because the magistrate had incorrectly described ‘ theft of cattle ’ as ‘ cattle stealing ’ on the charge sheet .
on another occasion , gordon was outraged when a supreme court judge [freed] some prisoners because the magistrate had incorrectly described ‘ theft of cattle ’ as ‘ cattle stealing ’ on the charge sheet .

When he was released in September 1991 after 865 days in captivity the couple moved to Cyprus to begin a new life together .
when he was [freed] in september 1991 after 865 days in captivity the couple moved to cyprus to begin a new life together .

Jackie has since been released and the charges dropped .
jackie has since been [freed] and the charges dropped .

The hearings were adjourned to a later date and the bodies released for burial .
the hearings were adjourned to a later date and the bodies [freed] for burial .

His wife and children were released by immigration officials and taken to a secret hideaway .
his wife and children were [freed] by immigration officials and taken to a secret hideaway .

It has released guidelines on what it calls ‘ sales aid leasing ’ that should help stop future contract abuses and is assisting the Campaign with individual cases of misrepresentation .
it has [freed] guidelines on what it calls ‘ sales aid leasing ’ that should help stop future contract abuses and is assisting the campaign with individual cases of misrepresentation .

Had the company elected to spread the initial surplus forward , the shortfall would have been sheltered , because the majority of the surplus would not yet have been released to the p & l account by the time of the next valuation .
had the company elected to spread the initial surplus forward , the shortfall would have been sheltered , because the majority of the surplus would not yet have been [freed] to the p & l account by the time of the next valuation .

In fact , there would be a provision of £90m ( regular cost of £50m less annual variation of £20m , for each of the three years ) still to be released to the p & l account .
in fact , there would be a provision of £90m ( regular cost of £50m less annual variation of £20m , for each of the three years ) still to be [freed] to the p & l account .

The Association has released a list of bogus directories , such as the Classified Euro-UK Fax Directory Amsterdam , International Telefax Directory — Zurich , International Telex/Fax Directory — Brussels , and International Yellow Telefax Pages Brussels .
the association has [freed] a list of bogus directories , such as the classified euro-uk fax directory amsterdam , international telefax directory — zurich , international telex/fax directory — brussels , and international yellow telefax pages brussels .

The basic idea is that profit from long-term business is recognised as it accrues rather than when it emerges as a cash surplus released from a long-term fund , as the current statutory method dictates .
the basic idea is that profit from long-term business is recognised as it accrues rather than when it emerges as a cash surplus [freed] from a long-term fund , as the current statutory method dictates .

The Pru plans to keep publishing the restated figures as supplementary information , but Mr Lawrence says that even if the accruals method becomes an accepted format , the Pru will continue to report surpluses released from long-term funds , as it currently does .
the pru plans to keep publishing the restated figures as supplementary information , but mr lawrence says that even if the accruals method becomes an accepted format , the pru will continue to report surpluses [freed] from long-term funds , as it currently does .

This method is designed to recognise profits as they accrue rather than only when they emerge as cash surpluses released from the life funds , as happens now .
this method is designed to recognise profits as they accrue rather than only when they emerge as cash surpluses [freed] from the life funds , as happens now .

‘ We had already released the information to trade papers but we were going to wait until after Christmas to tell everyone else , ’ said spokesman George Marcall .
‘ we had already [freed] the information to trade papers but we were going to wait until after christmas to tell everyone else , ’ said spokesman george marcall .

The figures were released by Wiltshire chief constable Walter Girven , chairman of the Association of Chief Police Officers ' traffic committee .
the figures were [freed] by wiltshire chief constable walter girven , chairman of the association of chief police officers ' traffic committee .

He had been questioned by police , then released .
he had been questioned by police , then [freed] .

Leslie 's nephew , Dan McAlister , took the first authorised photographs since the accident , released with the family 's permission and reproduced here .
leslie 's nephew , dan mcalister , took the first authorised photographs since the accident , [freed] with the family 's permission and reproduced here .

Eight days later her boss , Kevin Watts , acted as a courier to drop off the money near Barnsley , South Yorks , and Stephanie was released unharmed .
eight days later her boss , kevin watts , acted as a courier to drop off the money near barnsley , south yorks , and stephanie was [freed] unharmed .

Another 66 were released after treatment .
another 66 were [freed] after treatment .

News of Maskell 's death was released by the Lawn Tennis Association .
news of maskell 's death was [freed] by the lawn tennis association .

The Rt Rev Peter Ball was arrested but later released on bail without charge for the police to continue their inquiries .
the rt rev peter ball was arrested but later [freed] on bail without charge for the police to continue their inquiries .

‘ The two bishops are still part of the order but have been released from certain requirements .
‘ the two bishops are still part of the order but have been [freed] from certain requirements .

‘ They still remain chaste and celibate but they are released from the vows of poverty .
‘ they still remain chaste and celibate but they are [freed] from the vows of poverty .

‘ He was later cautioned and released without charge , ’ said a police spokesman .
‘ he was later cautioned and [freed] without charge , ’ said a police spokesman .

She said she had been released half a mile away on a misty common and had not eaten for a long time .
she said she had been [freed] half a mile away on a misty common and had not eaten for a long time .

Boljesic , from Stuttgart , Germany , had been released on bail earlier this month charged with theft , obtaining property by deception and handling stolen goods .
boljesic , from stuttgart , germany , had been [freed] on bail earlier this month charged with theft , obtaining property by deception and handling stolen goods .

Boljesic , from Stuttgart , Germany , had been released on bail earlier this month charged with theft , obtaining property by deception and handling stolen goods .
boljesic , from stuttgart , germany , had been [freed] on bail earlier this month charged with theft , obtaining property by deception and handling stolen goods .

Boljesic last appeared in court on December 10 when he was released on bail .
boljesic last appeared in court on december 10 when he was [freed] on bail .

In July , the Urgent Issues Task Force released a consensus clarifying the treatment of transfers from current assets to fixed assets .
in july , the urgent issues task force [freed] a consensus clarifying the treatment of transfers from current assets to fixed assets .

The four defendants — Mr Stainforth was found not guilty — were released on bail over the weekend until sentencing on the Monday .
the four defendants — mr stainforth was found not guilty — were [freed] on bail over the weekend until sentencing on the monday .

many children 's solicitors found it difficult to determine the child 's competence to give instructions . Some solicitors adopted a ‘ welfare ’ approach , acting against their client 's instructions in the belief that for them to be released would not be in their interests ; and
many children 's solicitors found it difficult to determine the child 's competence to give instructions . some solicitors adopted a ‘ welfare ’ approach , acting against their client 's instructions in the belief that for them to be [freed] would not be in their interests ; and

Thanks to this device many thousands of birds have been caught , weighed , measured and then had a lightweight metal ring clamped round one leg before being released in the hope that , when it is next caught ( or perhaps found dead ) , the number stamped on the ring will be seen and reported .
thanks to this device many thousands of birds have been caught , weighed , measured and then had a lightweight metal ring clamped round one leg before being [freed] in the hope that , when it is next caught ( or perhaps found dead ) , the number stamped on the ring will be seen and reported .

In the darkness of the box they would sit quietly and in the morning would be ringed and released .
in the darkness of the box they would sit quietly and in the morning would be ringed and [freed] .

He explained that the young puffin had been found wandering in the village with a damaged wing , probably having been mauled by one of the many cats in the neighbourhood ( most of whom , incidentally , have six toes on each foot ) and he said that he would look after Eyvør for some weeks until it was well enough to be released .
he explained that the young puffin had been found wandering in the village with a damaged wing , probably having been mauled by one of the many cats in the neighbourhood ( most of whom , incidentally , have six toes on each foot ) and he said that he would look after eyvør for some weeks until it was well enough to be [freed] .

This indicates an increase in the mean number of quanta released per trial .
this indicates an increase in the mean number of quanta [freed] per trial .

Prolonged activation of uptake , as may occur during epileptic seizures or in the retina where glutamate is released tonically , can lower the intracellular pH significantly , and a larger alkalinization is expected in the extracellular space , which is of smaller volume .
prolonged activation of uptake , as may occur during epileptic seizures or in the retina where glutamate is [freed] tonically , can lower the intracellular ph significantly , and a larger alkalinization is expected in the extracellular space , which is of smaller volume .

The explosion over Tunguska , Central Siberia , in 1908 released 10 to 20 megatons ( high explosive equivalent ) of energy at an altitude of about 10km .
the explosion over tunguska , central siberia , in 1908 [freed] 10 to 20 megatons ( high explosive equivalent ) of energy at an altitude of about 10km .

distinguish between the Tunguska terminal explosion and energy released by ablation and deceleration during atmospheric entry , with the explosion representing just the last 1 % of the bolide 's energy .
distinguish between the tunguska terminal explosion and energy [freed] by ablation and deceleration during atmospheric entry , with the explosion representing just the last 1 % of the bolide 's energy .

When iron is released the protein goes through a large conformational change involving domain rotation and exposure of the empty metal-binding site to the solvent .
when iron is [freed] the protein goes through a large conformational change involving domain rotation and exposure of the empty metal-binding site to the solvent .

Calcium contained within intracellular stores is released to the cytosol when InsP 3 binds to its receptor ( Fig .
calcium contained within intracellular stores is [freed] to the cytosol when insp 3 binds to its receptor ( fig .

As the level of InsP 3 rises , a fixed proportion of the stored calcium is released , with the remainder becoming accessible at higher doses .
as the level of insp 3 rises , a fixed proportion of the stored calcium is [freed] , with the remainder becoming accessible at higher doses .

Once InsP 3 is released to the cytosol it mobilizes calcium by binding to receptors .
once insp 3 is [freed] to the cytosol it mobilizes calcium by binding to receptors .

If a cloud of gas is released into a potential , the cloud will shear and then settle onto closed orbits , because collisions between parcels of gas tend to dissipate energy of libration around these orbits .
if a cloud of gas is [freed] into a potential , the cloud will shear and then settle onto closed orbits , because collisions between parcels of gas tend to dissipate energy of libration around these orbits .

Walt Disney released a film of Aladdin in America in November 1992 .
walt disney [freed] a film of aladdin in america in november 1992 .

He was later released .
he was later [freed] .

This took the place of a pre-release course ( which would be impossible to plan in an institution where some men were so far away from release and others might be released on parole licence at very short notice ) but it covered many of the same topics .
this took the place of a pre-release course ( which would be impossible to plan in an institution where some men were so far away from release and others might be [freed] on parole licence at very short notice ) but it covered many of the same topics .

Henceforward these prisoners could be routinely considered ( and the process is long , costly and complex , involving interviews , a local review board and then the national Parole Board ) but would only be released before almost the end of their sentence in very exceptional circumstances .
henceforward these prisoners could be routinely considered ( and the process is long , costly and complex , involving interviews , a local review board and then the national parole board ) but would only be [freed] before almost the end of their sentence in very exceptional circumstances .

As well as those prisoners given an amnesty , the Catholic Institute for International Relations estimates that at least 260 ex-Somocistas have already worked their way through the five stages of imprisonment and , although given long sentences , have now been released on the basis of their behaviour .
as well as those prisoners given an amnesty , the catholic institute for international relations estimates that at least 260 ex-somocistas have already worked their way through the five stages of imprisonment and , although given long sentences , have now been [freed] on the basis of their behaviour .

In 1989 most of the former National Guardsmen were released by the Nicaraguan government .
in 1989 most of the former national guardsmen were [freed] by the nicaraguan government .

Previously , in November 1987 , 985 prisoners had been released .
previously , in november 1987 , 985 prisoners had been [freed] .

Of these , 4,300 were tried and received prison sentences , and the rest were released .
of these , 4,300 were tried and received prison sentences , and the rest were [freed] .

Those inmates classed as illiterate were obliged to take a compulsory form of basic education , with the aim that they would at least be able to read and write by the time they were released .
those inmates classed as illiterate were obliged to take a compulsory form of basic education , with the aim that they would at least be able to read and write by the time they were [freed] .

John Howard became the spokesman for the group and was eventually released on parole to return to England to negotiate the exchange and release of his fellow-prisoners — a task he successfully accomplished .
john howard became the spokesman for the group and was eventually [freed] on parole to return to england to negotiate the exchange and release of his fellow-prisoners — a task he successfully accomplished .

The news that Metropolitan Josef Slipyi , Major Archbishop of the Ukrainian Catholic Church , had been released from his Soviet labour camp and was on his way to Rome , helped Pope John in the final stages of the preparation of Pacem in Terris .
the news that metropolitan josef slipyi , major archbishop of the ukrainian catholic church , had been [freed] from his soviet labour camp and was on his way to rome , helped pope john in the final stages of the preparation of pacem in terris .

Prisoners can be released , on parole , after serving only one-third of their sentence ; the decision is made on rehabilitative grounds — the offender is released when considered ‘ cured ’ and safe .
prisoners can be [freed] , on parole , after serving only one-third of their sentence ; the decision is made on rehabilitative grounds — the offender is [freed] when considered ‘ cured ’ and safe .

In a statement released shortly before its annual conference this weekend the Association of Black Social Workers and Allied Professions welcomed the growing prominence of race .
in a statement [freed] shortly before its annual conference this weekend the association of black social workers and allied professions welcomed the growing prominence of race .

He warned her with a murmur , was released and a breath later swallowed again .
he warned her with a murmur , was [freed] and a breath later swallowed again .

Rushing belatedly to launch a Windows edition of 1-2-3 , the firm released a faulty version of the program and the firm has seen its share of the lucrative spreadsheet business slip to 48 % .
rushing belatedly to launch a windows edition of 1-2-3 , the firm [freed] a faulty version of the program and the firm has seen its share of the lucrative spreadsheet business slip to 48 % .

At a time when the growth of electricity sales showed no signs of slackening , the four years lead-time for the installation of new power station plant meant that there was little chance of any of the new postwar orders released by government planners for manufacture providing much relief until 1949 or later .
at a time when the growth of electricity sales showed no signs of slackening , the four years lead-time for the installation of new power station plant meant that there was little chance of any of the new postwar orders [freed] by government planners for manufacture providing much relief until 1949 or later .

Some chairmen expressed their discontent with Citrine 's centralising tendencies , for example , by asking to be released from their turn at occupying one of the four Central Authority seats reserved for them , or by sending deputies to headquarters meetings .
some chairmen expressed their discontent with citrine 's centralising tendencies , for example , by asking to be [freed] from their turn at occupying one of the four central authority seats reserved for them , or by sending deputies to headquarters meetings .

Here , Mr Shultz writes , was ‘ a staff con job on the president , playing on his very human desire to get the hostages released .
here , mr shultz writes , was ‘ a staff con job on the president , playing on his very human desire to get the hostages [freed] .

And the damage to health caused by alcoholism and stress among Soviet citizens moved from their homes was probably greater than that caused by released radioactivity .
and the damage to health caused by alcoholism and stress among soviet citizens moved from their homes was probably greater than that caused by [freed] radioactivity .

The author 's sounder proposition is that , when South Africa 's rulers at last ( perhaps too late ) released the one black leader they might strike a deal with , they marked the end of the period in which the words ‘ national liberation ’ had any meaning in Africa .
the author 's sounder proposition is that , when south africa 's rulers at last ( perhaps too late ) [freed] the one black leader they might strike a deal with , they marked the end of the period in which the words ‘ national liberation ’ had any meaning in africa .

In Jordan , 21 veterans operating under the name of Muhammad 's Army attacked security forces last year and were imprisoned by King Hussein , who later released them in a politic amnesty .
in jordan , 21 veterans operating under the name of muhammad 's army attacked security forces last year and were imprisoned by king hussein , who later [freed] them in a politic amnesty .

All but 53 of these men had valid immigration documents and were released .
all but 53 of these men had valid immigration documents and were [freed] .

’ Economists should look ahead and use both micro- and macroeconomics to throw light , for example , on ‘ how , where , and in what form ’ the workers released by technological progress over the next ten years will be employed .
’ economists should look ahead and use both micro- and macroeconomics to throw light , for example , on ‘ how , where , and in what form ’ the workers [freed] by technological progress over the next ten years will be employed .

The rest , they say , are merely detained for questioning under Egypt 's emergency law and then released after a month .
the rest , they say , are merely detained for questioning under egypt 's emergency law and then [freed] after a month .

Such claims involve a large pinch of special pleading , especially by the property-casualty firms which are lobbying hard for concessions before their rules are released in June .
such claims involve a large pinch of special pleading , especially by the property-casualty firms which are lobbying hard for concessions before their rules are [freed] in june .

Separately , the French government released plans to make the Bank almost independent .
separately , the french government [freed] plans to make the bank almost independent .

Every local authority was required to submit a county development plan for acceptance by the Welsh Office before funds were released .
every local authority was required to submit a county development plan for acceptance by the welsh office before funds were [freed] .

Talbot said : ‘ You would n't be sitting here unless they 'd released some information . ’
talbot said : ‘ you would n't be sitting here unless they 'd [freed] some information . ’

The news they 've released is vague and incomplete but all very , very bad .
the news they 've [freed] is vague and incomplete but all very , very bad .

The energies released enable the young teacher to ‘ try again ' on some of the preferred but unsuccessful teaching strategies of the first year .
the energies [freed] enable the young teacher to ‘ try again ' on some of the preferred but unsuccessful teaching strategies of the first year .

Push up back bed needles back to non-working position so that the back bed stitches are released from the machine .
push up back bed needles back to non-working position so that the back bed stitches are [freed] from the machine .

Although Anselm made it clear that he personally was bound to observe the papal decrees of 1099 until released by proper authority , he remained neutral in all the negotiations between the king and pope .
although anselm made it clear that he personally was bound to observe the papal decrees of 1099 until [freed] by proper authority , he remained neutral in all the negotiations between the king and pope .

He released her .
he [freed] her .

In the week that Alfred Taubman , chairman of Sotheby 's Holdings Inc. , struggled to persuade British fund managers to invest in his chain of American shopping malls , the auction house released its third quarter results .
in the week that alfred taubman , chairman of sotheby 's holdings inc. , struggled to persuade british fund managers to invest in his chain of american shopping malls , the auction house [freed] its third quarter results .

‘ It still sounds weird to me , it still does n't sound like anything that was released at the time , ’ Albini declares .
‘ it still sounds weird to me , it still does n't sound like anything that was [freed] at the time , ’ albini declares .

‘ Muddy Track ( the Young-directed documentary made on the fiercely argumentative Crazy Horse tour ) has never been released .
‘ muddy track ( the young-directed documentary made on the fiercely argumentative crazy horse tour ) has never been [freed] .

Network has just released ‘ The Passage ’ , recorded a year ago as part of a projected Model 500 album .
network has just [freed] ‘ the passage ’ , recorded a year ago as part of a projected model 500 album .

Juan Atkins gave all the major Motor City movers their initial recording breaks — Anderson , May and Fowlkes were all released first on Metroplex .
juan atkins gave all the major motor city movers their initial recording breaks — anderson , may and fowlkes were all [freed] first on metroplex .

The film , directed by Guilty By Suspicion director Irwin Winkler , is released here at the end of January ‘ 93 .
the film , directed by guilty by suspicion director irwin winkler , is [freed] here at the end of january ‘ 93 .

The subject matter and imagery was still extreme , but there was something more human in these meditations on power , work and our relationship to money ( the sleeves of both ‘ Greed ’ and ‘ Holy Money ’ — released separately then , but now twinned with ‘ Time Is Money ( Bastard ) ’ as an addition — featured the dollar sign ) .
the subject matter and imagery was still extreme , but there was something more human in these meditations on power , work and our relationship to money ( the sleeves of both ‘ greed ’ and ‘ holy money ’ — [freed] separately then , but now twinned with ‘ time is money ( bastard ) ’ as an addition — featured the dollar sign ) .

three-minute noise globule which sold out instantly when it was originally released , following extensive Peel play
three-minute noise globule which sold out instantly when it was originally [freed] , following extensive peel play

Both are experimental album bands born of nocturnal drug cultures , both have performed in planetariums and released albums sealed in plastic casing .
both are experimental album bands born of nocturnal drug cultures , both have performed in planetariums and [freed] albums sealed in plastic casing .

He 's sitting next to me in a late night eaterie in Manchester talking into a tape recorder because he and his band have just released a song called ‘ Creep ’ that 's threatening to be one of the highlights of the year .
he 's sitting next to me in a late night eaterie in manchester talking into a tape recorder because he and his band have just [freed] a song called ‘ creep ’ that 's threatening to be one of the highlights of the year .

Billy had already hand-reared a male cub and successfully released it into the wild .
billy had already hand-reared a male cub and successfully [freed] it into the wild .

When a batch of orangs was ready for return to the forest they were put in crates and carried by porters up the banks and along the bed of the Bohorok river — the forest there is far too dense to walk through — and released at least 15 miles ( 24 km ) from the station .
when a batch of orangs was ready for return to the forest they were put in crates and carried by porters up the banks and along the bed of the bohorok river — the forest there is far too dense to walk through — and [freed] at least 15 miles ( 24 km ) from the station .

In three years the two women retrained and released fewer than thirty orangs .
in three years the two women retrained and [freed] fewer than thirty orangs .

The value of the rehabilitation centres extends far beyond the actual numbers released .
the value of the rehabilitation centres extends far beyond the actual numbers [freed] .

After two days which give them time to gain maximum strength they are taken back and released in the same areas as the eggs were collected .
after two days which give them time to gain maximum strength they are taken back and [freed] in the same areas as the eggs were collected .

Information contained will not be released to any source .
information contained will not be [freed] to any source .

She says he must have been released early , and she 's dreading him coming to see her and demanding his parents ’ address .
she says he must have been [freed] early , and she 's dreading him coming to see her and demanding his parents ’ address .

’ He did make the inevitable protest of the recently released prisoner : was he to be hounded wherever he went , just because of the recent trip ‘ abroad ’ , and surely that debt was paid in full and he could be allowed to start again in , of all places , his old home , which he was only visiting in the hope of finding where his parents had moved to ; to lose touch with his dear mother was not to be borne ; he needed to talk with his parents , to explain things to them , and ask for their forgiveness .
’ he did make the inevitable protest of the recently [freed] prisoner : was he to be hounded wherever he went , just because of the recent trip ‘ abroad ’ , and surely that debt was paid in full and he could be allowed to start again in , of all places , his old home , which he was only visiting in the hope of finding where his parents had moved to ; to lose touch with his dear mother was not to be borne ; he needed to talk with his parents , to explain things to them , and ask for their forgiveness .

She shot into the bedroom like a released balloon .
she shot into the bedroom like a [freed] balloon .

Superlatives were flung , contracts were signed , tours were n't bothered with and , eventually , an album , ‘ Delaware ’ , was released last summer , where fluffy textures were toughened up and sweetness and light was offset by plenty of calculated chaos and nastiness .
superlatives were flung , contracts were signed , tours were n't bothered with and , eventually , an album , ‘ delaware ’ , was [freed] last summer , where fluffy textures were toughened up and sweetness and light was offset by plenty of calculated chaos and nastiness .

Now , though , as the cute and fiery new single , ‘ My Aquarium ’ , is released , we finally have a chance to see if Drop Nineteens are worthy of all the fuss …
now , though , as the cute and fiery new single , ‘ my aquarium ’ , is [freed] , we finally have a chance to see if drop nineteens are worthy of all the fuss …

Then there 's a song called ‘ Disagreed ’ , which Tony did n't think could be released , ‘ for certain reasons ’ .
then there 's a song called ‘ disagreed ’ , which tony did n't think could be [freed] , ‘ for certain reasons ’ .

‘ Understand This Groove ’ : The Story So Far … In February 1990 Virgin Records released a tune by United Funk Industries called ‘ Understand This Groove ’ , which featured the tones of American singer Frankë Pharoah .
‘ understand this groove ’ : the story so far … in february 1990 virgin records [freed] a tune by united funk industries called ‘ understand this groove ’ , which featured the tones of american singer frankë pharoah .

Earlier this year , Frankë 's manager Jake Fior went to see Virgin about revitalising the cut after it had been sampled by Sweden 's Swemix crew under the Sound Factory banner and released to some success under its original title .
earlier this year , frankë 's manager jake fior went to see virgin about revitalising the cut after it had been sampled by sweden 's swemix crew under the sound factory banner and [freed] to some success under its original title .

‘ When we were around there was still this hangover from the '60s that said bands played continuously live , made absolutely no money and released a single every 20 minutes .
‘ when we were around there was still this hangover from the '60s that said bands played continuously live , made absolutely no money and [freed] a single every 20 minutes .

Ken Loach 's movie Riff-Raff , looking at the sorry lot of north of Watford construction workers working in London , has been released with subtitles in the States .
ken loach 's movie riff-raff , looking at the sorry lot of north of watford construction workers working in london , has been [freed] with subtitles in the states .

Born in America 's Midwest , Seberg , who committed suicide in 1979 , came to prominence as Jean Paul Belmondo 's co-star in the French new wave classic Breathless and starred in the first ever X-rated movie released in the States , Birds In Peru .
born in america 's midwest , seberg , who committed suicide in 1979 , came to prominence as jean paul belmondo 's co-star in the french new wave classic breathless and starred in the first ever x-rated movie [freed] in the states , birds in peru .

All three Carter LPs are now available in the States , released within a year of each other , as the American record company tries to catch up .
all three carter lps are now available in the states , [freed] within a year of each other , as the american record company tries to catch up .

We had an alarming amount of letters after we released that from people who were abused as kids .
we had an alarming amount of letters after we [freed] that from people who were abused as kids .

Well over a year since ‘ Yerself Is Steam ’ was first released , the appeal of Mercury Rev — a reason why , dammit — is still as hard to pinpoint .
well over a year since ‘ yerself is steam ’ was first [freed] , the appeal of mercury rev — a reason why , dammit — is still as hard to pinpoint .

He refused however to make his findings public until he had been released and given a car , a flat and other luxuries .
he refused however to make his findings public until he had been [freed] and given a car , a flat and other luxuries .

Recently released statistics indicate something of the potential for the would-be investor in the Singapore art market .
recently [freed] statistics indicate something of the potential for the would-be investor in the singapore art market .

Partridge Fine Arts Plc have released their financial results for the year to 31 October 1992 .
partridge fine arts plc have [freed] their financial results for the year to 31 october 1992 .

Some interesting manoeuvres will be experienced here as the locomotive has to be released so that it can run to Cosham and Havant to turn on the well known triangle formed by this route .
some interesting manoeuvres will be experienced here as the locomotive has to be [freed] so that it can run to cosham and havant to turn on the well known triangle formed by this route .

Although no details of the agreement have been released , Acquavella told The Art Newspaper that it was an exclusive , world-wide deal covering all of the artist 's oil paintings .
although no details of the agreement have been [freed] , acquavella told the art newspaper that it was an exclusive , world-wide deal covering all of the artist 's oil paintings .

As the rotation accelerated , the aircraft would swing outwards , from a wing-level to a steeply banked attitude , with more cable being gradually paid out until , having attained flying speed , it could be ‘ released smoothly under its own power , without fear of stalling ’ .
as the rotation accelerated , the aircraft would swing outwards , from a wing-level to a steeply banked attitude , with more cable being gradually paid out until , having attained flying speed , it could be ‘ [freed] smoothly under its own power , without fear of stalling ’ .

An ankle strap will prevent the heel lever being released or the crampon being lost should it become disconnected from the boot .
an ankle strap will prevent the heel lever being [freed] or the crampon being lost should it become disconnected from the boot .

which was released in 1970 and will likely remain the definitive story of the attack .
which was [freed] in 1970 and will likely remain the definitive story of the attack .

It was finally released on September 23 , 1970 to disappointing reviews and box office results .
it was finally [freed] on september 23 , 1970 to disappointing reviews and box office results .

The second aircraft made his attack over the breakwater , released his torpedo and saw a hit on destroyer .
the second aircraft made his attack over the breakwater , [freed] his torpedo and saw a hit on destroyer .

The video costs £14.99 and is released by .
the video costs £14.99 and is [freed] by .

Next spring the larvae , called glochidia , are released .
next spring the larvae , called glochidia , are [freed] .

The motion-picture industry moved instinctively against a man whose message aroused dissent and , as we have seen , there were critics who could see even as the films were released that they offered humbug and prejudice masquerading as philosophy .
the motion-picture industry moved instinctively against a man whose message aroused dissent and , as we have seen , there were critics who could see even as the films were [freed] that they offered humbug and prejudice masquerading as philosophy .

Later that year All-Star released The Jungle and a reviewer assured readers that the producing company had spared nothing in order to ensure that ‘ this picturization ’ would be equal to the novel .
later that year all-star [freed] the jungle and a reviewer assured readers that the producing company had spared nothing in order to ensure that ‘ this picturization ’ would be equal to the novel .

In 1915 Universal Broadway Features released Business is Business , in which an egotistical French capitalist rapidly risen from the peasantry rules over his employees with an iron will until his eventual downfall .
in 1915 universal broadway features [freed] business is business , in which an egotistical french capitalist rapidly risen from the peasantry rules over his employees with an iron will until his eventual downfall .

Our Daily Bread was released in 1934 and immediately Otis Ferguson contrasted ‘ Hollywood 's aversion to social content ’ to ‘ Mr Vidor 's preoccupation with it ’ .
our daily bread was [freed] in 1934 and immediately otis ferguson contrasted ‘ hollywood 's aversion to social content ’ to ‘ mr vidor 's preoccupation with it ’ .

It is interesting to compare Ferguson 's reaction to Vidor 's film with his reaction at much the same time to the newly released It Happened One Night , which Frank Capra had directed for Columbia .
it is interesting to compare ferguson 's reaction to vidor 's film with his reaction at much the same time to the newly [freed] it happened one night , which frank capra had directed for columbia .

The greatest surprise came when in 1935 Warner Bros released Black Fury , a movie which depicted in a direct and totally unprecedented way the impact of a strike on a coal-mining community .
the greatest surprise came when in 1935 warner bros [freed] black fury , a movie which depicted in a direct and totally unprecedented way the impact of a strike on a coal-mining community .

In Men of Iron , released in 1935 , Warner Bros attempted to use the steel industry in much the same way as they had earlier used the coal industry .
in men of iron , [freed] in 1935 , warner bros attempted to use the steel industry in much the same way as they had earlier used the coal industry .

United Artists were tempted to point out the dangers of Communism and released Red Salute , which dealt with the growing appeal of Communism for student leaders .
united artists were tempted to point out the dangers of communism and [freed] red salute , which dealt with the growing appeal of communism for student leaders .

Their confused intention is to protect the adventurers ' souls from the evils beyond , but they also want to prevent some great evil being released into the world .
their confused intention is to protect the adventurers ' souls from the evils beyond , but they also want to prevent some great evil being [freed] into the world .

What is happening — and this can not be prevented — is that the bound Fiend within the weather-vane is being freed , and at the end of 3 Turns the weather-vane will shatter and it will be released .
what is happening — and this can not be prevented — is that the bound fiend within the weather-vane is being freed , and at the end of 3 turns the weather-vane will shatter and it will be [freed] .

In the same year , the Rumpers passed an Act for the Relief of Religious and Peaceable People ; this retained the legal requirement on the laity to take part in some form of Sunday worship , but released them from their obligation to attend the local parish church .
in the same year , the rumpers passed an act for the relief of religious and peaceable people ; this retained the legal requirement on the laity to take part in some form of sunday worship , but [freed] them from their obligation to attend the local parish church .

For this reason , the poppy has been adopted as the flower of remembrance , and a shower of poppies , representing British and Commonwealth fighting men who have died since 1914 , is released at the annual service of remembrance in the Albert Hall , London .
for this reason , the poppy has been adopted as the flower of remembrance , and a shower of poppies , representing british and commonwealth fighting men who have died since 1914 , is [freed] at the annual service of remembrance in the albert hall , london .

Instructions for the folding part of the handle referred to an earlier model with a spindle ; but the wingnut handles were obviously fixed by a bolt , and released by a few turns when the handle needed to be folded for storage .
instructions for the folding part of the handle referred to an earlier model with a spindle ; but the wingnut handles were obviously fixed by a bolt , and [freed] by a few turns when the handle needed to be folded for storage .

Steering-wheel-type handle is easy to use ; power brake stops blade in three seconds if lever is released
steering-wheel-type handle is easy to use ; power brake stops blade in three seconds if lever is [freed]

If you have practical skills that you would like to offer in this context please speak to Ronnie Martin or myself and let us all continue to pray that we will have released among us a glorious team spirit in this area of involvement .
if you have practical skills that you would like to offer in this context please speak to ronnie martin or myself and let us all continue to pray that we will have [freed] among us a glorious team spirit in this area of involvement .

These radios and other stores were brought in by the small steamer Kuru , which was fitted with a device in her stack to prevent the tell-tale streamer of fumes ; these she released in occasional puffs .
these radios and other stores were brought in by the small steamer kuru , which was fitted with a device in her stack to prevent the tell-tale streamer of fumes ; these she [freed] in occasional puffs .

By showing them that they mattered to Him as people He gave them a sense of dignity and released them from their captivity .
by showing them that they mattered to him as people he gave them a sense of dignity and [freed] them from their captivity .

Thus prisoners of war may be released or slaves freed on the payment of an agreed sum being received .
thus prisoners of war may be [freed] or slaves freed on the payment of an agreed sum being received .

Provisionally his trial is set for December , and till then he 's released on bail .
provisionally his trial is set for december , and till then he 's [freed] on bail .

Thus released , Jesse Sweetman turned to look at me .
thus [freed] , jesse sweetman turned to look at me .

Societies and fashions change ; an ideal of beauty is pictured , embellished , explored , and then released in favour of another .
societies and fashions change ; an ideal of beauty is pictured , embellished , explored , and then [freed] in favour of another .

They were then released on bail and kept on it until May 1978 , a period of over four years ( i.e .
they were then [freed] on bail and kept on it until may 1978 , a period of over four years ( i.e .

The team released him and he returned home where he soon married .
the team [freed] him and he returned home where he soon married .

They told the men in custody that they would be released soon and appeared to believe it .
they told the men in custody that they would be [freed] soon and appeared to believe it .

Five of the men arrested in the Rathcoole district were released within twenty-one days and two more after a much longer period , but without ‘ allegations ’ having been made to justify their detention .
five of the men arrested in the rathcoole district were [freed] within twenty-one days and two more after a much longer period , but without ‘ allegations ’ having been made to justify their detention .

The remainder spent the summer waiting to be released or to receive ‘ allegations ’ which would give them something definite to contest .
the remainder spent the summer waiting to be [freed] or to receive ‘ allegations ’ which would give them something definite to contest .

The four named officers had been arrested at the same time as Beattie and had already appeared before ‘ Diplock ’ tribunals and been released .
the four named officers had been arrested at the same time as beattie and had already appeared before ‘ diplock ’ tribunals and been [freed] .

However , on the resumption of full hearing , Judge Ireland instructed that Beattie be released immediately .
however , on the resumption of full hearing , judge ireland instructed that beattie be [freed] immediately .

These were that interrogation rooms in police holding centres should be monitored by silent , closed-circuit television and that a prisoner should be given the right to be visited by a solicitor every forty-eight hours until either released or charged .
these were that interrogation rooms in police holding centres should be monitored by silent , closed-circuit television and that a prisoner should be given the right to be visited by a solicitor every forty-eight hours until either [freed] or charged .

Excess land acquired for construction of the docks was not released , and the area remained remote in the minds of manufacturers .
excess land acquired for construction of the docks was not [freed] , and the area remained remote in the minds of manufacturers .

Still she could hear her own cries , as she had begged to be released — but nay , he had flung her down on the stone floor and leaned over her .
still she could hear her own cries , as she had begged to be [freed] — but nay , he had flung her down on the stone floor and leaned over her .

With an obscene oath he had released her .
with an obscene oath he had [freed] her .

Recently released Home Office papers in fact show that the authorities drew back from prosecuting even the most blatant cases of anti-semitic propaganda both before and during the Second World War despite the fact that it was ostensibly being fought to destroy Hitlerism .
recently [freed] home office papers in fact show that the authorities drew back from prosecuting even the most blatant cases of anti-semitic propaganda both before and during the second world war despite the fact that it was ostensibly being fought to destroy hitlerism .

These latter are exceedingly demanding ; treatment consists of discovering their requirements and agreeing to them on condition that the human victim is released from their power .
these latter are exceedingly demanding ; treatment consists of discovering their requirements and agreeing to them on condition that the human victim is [freed] from their power .

VenturCom Inc , Cambridge , Massachusetts has released a high-speed accelerator for its Venix real-time Unix system .
venturcom inc , cambridge , massachusetts has [freed] a high-speed accelerator for its venix real-time unix system .

Sun Japan , which just released Sun Microsystems Inc 's latest low-end boxes , plans to ship 10,000 Sparc Classics , 6,000 LXs and 2,000 SparcCenter 2000s the first year out .
sun japan , which just [freed] sun microsystems inc 's latest low-end boxes , plans to ship 10,000 sparc classics , 6,000 lxs and 2,000 sparccenter 2000s the first year out .

The philanthropic General Oglethorpe intended it initially as a place where people released from debtors ' prison could make a fresh start in life .
the philanthropic general oglethorpe intended it initially as a place where people [freed] from debtors ' prison could make a fresh start in life .

Somerset , New Jersey-based , Programmed Logic Corp has released a transparent file compression package for the Intel Corp iAPX- 86-based Unix personal computer market : the Desktop File System is a plug-and-play file system which compresses data before storing it on disk , doubling the disk capacity of laptops , desktops , and notebook computers running a Unix operating system , the company says . Prices start at $250. +1 908 302 0090
somerset , new jersey-based , programmed logic corp has [freed] a transparent file compression package for the intel corp iapx- 86-based unix personal computer market : the desktop file system is a plug-and-play file system which compresses data before storing it on disk , doubling the disk capacity of laptops , desktops , and notebook computers running a unix operating system , the company says . prices start at $250. +1 908 302 0090

Euless , Texas-based , Xalt Software Corporation has released Xalt Office , a suite of five applications for integrating and managing information and communications in Unix environments .
euless , texas-based , xalt software corporation has [freed] xalt office , a suite of five applications for integrating and managing information and communications in unix environments .

The friend , who was released , said he saw policemen kick and beat Simon Mthimkulu and drop a ‘ huge rock ’ on his ribs three times .
the friend , who was [freed] , said he saw policemen kick and beat simon mthimkulu and drop a ‘ huge rock ’ on his ribs three times .

Yacoubou , who attended the Group 's meeting in July , was imprisoned in 1986 for demonstrating in support of democracy , and was released in 1990 .
yacoubou , who attended the group 's meeting in july , was imprisoned in 1986 for demonstrating in support of democracy , and was [freed] in 1990 .

For three years , members of the Group wrote to the Benin Government asking that Yacoubou be released .
for three years , members of the group wrote to the benin government asking that yacoubou be [freed] .

He and others were released in 1990 , following the change of Government in Benin .
he and others were [freed] in 1990 , following the change of government in benin .

He was later released through Romero 's efforts , at which point he joined a guerrilla movement and was killed in combat .
he was later [freed] through romero 's efforts , at which point he joined a guerrilla movement and was killed in combat .

The two agents were arrested in May 1990 , but were released a few days later on grounds of insufficient evidence .
the two agents were arrested in may 1990 , but were [freed] a few days later on grounds of insufficient evidence .

After three days ' imprisonment they were convicted of attending an illegal gathering under the terms of Bophuthatswana 's Internal Security Act , fined , and released from custody .
after three days ' imprisonment they were convicted of attending an illegal gathering under the terms of bophuthatswana 's internal security act , fined , and [freed] from custody .

Ten prisoners have reportedly been released and two others , whose sentences have not expired , have been transferred to an undisclosed place of detention .
ten prisoners have reportedly been [freed] and two others , whose sentences have not expired , have been transferred to an undisclosed place of detention .

The patrol released several prisoners but tool 18 of them to a ravine named Chilcahuaycco and apparently beat and then shot them .
the patrol [freed] several prisoners but tool 18 of them to a ravine named chilcahuaycco and apparently beat and then shot them .

Those who did so were released ; the remaining nine were tried and received sentences of up to three years .
those who did so were [freed] ; the remaining nine were tried and received sentences of up to three years .

Groups of tourists , survivalists and extremist paramilitary cadres on exercise could be released , for a high fee and without liability , into its eerie and uncertain corridors .
groups of tourists , survivalists and extremist paramilitary cadres on exercise could be [freed] , for a high fee and without liability , into its eerie and uncertain corridors .

That same night the three indigenous leaders were released .
that same night the three indigenous leaders were [freed] .

They were then driven around the darkened streets of Istanbul while the police officers threatened , ‘ How dare you make complaints against us ’ , before they were released in another district of the city .
they were then driven around the darkened streets of istanbul while the police officers threatened , ‘ how dare you make complaints against us ’ , before they were [freed] in another district of the city .

The journalists were beaten and threatened and released several hours later .
the journalists were beaten and threatened and [freed] several hours later .

Ansaf was released after five hours while her mother remained in prison for four days , reportedly without food .
ansaf was [freed] after five hours while her mother remained in prison for four days , reportedly without food .

Amnesty International believes that the restrictions placed on prisoners of conscience doing compulsory labour are analogous to imprisonment and therefore urges that they be immediately and unconditionally released .
amnesty international believes that the restrictions placed on prisoners of conscience doing compulsory labour are analogous to imprisonment and therefore urges that they be immediately and unconditionally [freed] .

They are , in fact , the beaches of ice-drained lakes left behind by successive falls in the glacier as it melted and was released from the valley at the end of the Ice Age .
they are , in fact , the beaches of ice-drained lakes left behind by successive falls in the glacier as it melted and was [freed] from the valley at the end of the ice age .

While it is sad that Green Arrow is departing from the main line scene it is appropriate that this beautiful locomotive 's final run will be on the Settle and Carlisle line : in 1978 she hauled the ‘ pilot ’ steam specials over line which proved so successful that the route was released as an approved ‘ steam line ’ .
while it is sad that green arrow is departing from the main line scene it is appropriate that this beautiful locomotive 's final run will be on the settle and carlisle line : in 1978 she hauled the ‘ pilot ’ steam specials over line which proved so successful that the route was [freed] as an approved ‘ steam line ’ .

When the period of feeding is over , and the animal is safe from predators , the contents of the rumen , the ‘ cud ’ , are released back into the mouth , where a set of specialised cheek teeth take over .
when the period of feeding is over , and the animal is safe from predators , the contents of the rumen , the ‘ cud ’ , are [freed] back into the mouth , where a set of specialised cheek teeth take over .

Asking himself whether there was any point in going to bed … ? What sort of man … this letter business did n't ring true at all … that they had taken the two girls and released one could simply mean a problem of identification , although even that was unlikely , but to send a first message before the parents had time to become frantic , possibly before they even knew … the whole thing could be a hoax , and yet the girl 's condition … a hoax gone wrong ! Impossible to judge anyway without reading the thing when they got out there … whether it was worthwhile going to bed at five-forty-five in the morning ? What sort of Substitute Prosecutor was this going to be ?
asking himself whether there was any point in going to bed … ? what sort of man … this letter business did n't ring true at all … that they had taken the two girls and [freed] one could simply mean a problem of identification , although even that was unlikely , but to send a first message before the parents had time to become frantic , possibly before they even knew … the whole thing could be a hoax , and yet the girl 's condition … a hoax gone wrong ! impossible to judge anyway without reading the thing when they got out there … whether it was worthwhile going to bed at five-forty-five in the morning ? what sort of substitute prosecutor was this going to be ?

‘ That would n't stop him — check up on whether any of his cell-mates have been released lately . Where 's his wife ? ’
‘ that would n't stop him — check up on whether any of his cell-mates have been [freed] lately . where 's his wife ? ’

‘ This letter was given to the girl who was released .
‘ this letter was given to the girl who was [freed] .

If she 's released and lets out the story about ‘ Baffetti ’ pushing cocaine .
if she 's [freed] and lets out the story about ‘ baffetti ’ pushing cocaine .

Having released thousands of political prisoners , the new government proceeded to re-introduce the educational , religious and agrarian policies of 1931–3 ; in addition autonomy was restored to Catalonia and promised to the Basque Nationalists , whose loyalty to the Republic was thereby secured .
having [freed] thousands of political prisoners , the new government proceeded to re-introduce the educational , religious and agrarian policies of 1931–3 ; in addition autonomy was restored to catalonia and promised to the basque nationalists , whose loyalty to the republic was thereby secured .

It was as if the train journey itself , the old-fashioned intimate compartment in which they had found themselves , the freedom from interruptions and the tyranny of the telephone , the sense of time visibly flying , annihilated under the pounding wheels , not to be accounted for , had released both of them from a carefulness which had become so much a part of living that they were no longer aware of its weight until they let it slip from their shoulders .
it was as if the train journey itself , the old-fashioned intimate compartment in which they had found themselves , the freedom from interruptions and the tyranny of the telephone , the sense of time visibly flying , annihilated under the pounding wheels , not to be accounted for , had [freed] both of them from a carefulness which had become so much a part of living that they were no longer aware of its weight until they let it slip from their shoulders .

And then the traffic lights released the stream of cars , time moved on , the house lay uncontaminated in its pale pristine silence .
and then the traffic lights [freed] the stream of cars , time moved on , the house lay uncontaminated in its pale pristine silence .

Her clasp , quickly released , was surprisingly strong but it was still like holding briefly a disconnected set of bones loosely enclosed in dry suede .
her clasp , quickly [freed] , was surprisingly strong but it was still like holding briefly a disconnected set of bones loosely enclosed in dry suede .

Released , they stepped from the duelling blocks .
[freed] , they stepped from the duelling blocks .

Whenever he spoke to the woman he regretted that he had not stamped his authority and demanded that Gwen should be released from Leconfield and transferred with him , but they had said in Century 's personnel that he must have a secretary who knew the ropes of the Service , and he had acquiesced .
whenever he spoke to the woman he regretted that he had not stamped his authority and demanded that gwen should be [freed] from leconfield and transferred with him , but they had said in century 's personnel that he must have a secretary who knew the ropes of the service , and he had acquiesced .

This is about the energy that would be released if a hydrogen atom could be totally converted into energy .
this is about the energy that would be [freed] if a hydrogen atom could be totally converted into energy .

By comparison , the energy released in chemical reactions like burning is on the order of one electron volt per atom . )
by comparison , the energy [freed] in chemical reactions like burning is on the order of one electron volt per atom . )

The energy released will create sufficient pressure to support the star against its own gravity , giving rise to an object with a radius about five times the radius of the sun .
the energy [freed] will create sufficient pressure to support the star against its own gravity , giving rise to an object with a radius about five times the radius of the sun .

The heat released in this process generates a pressure that enables the sun to resist the attraction of its own gravity , which is trying to make it smaller .
the heat [freed] in this process generates a pressure that enables the sun to resist the attraction of its own gravity , which is trying to make it smaller .

It was , unfortunately , a further year before a suitable hostel place could be found where he could undergo further rehabilitation before finally being released into the external world again .
it was , unfortunately , a further year before a suitable hostel place could be found where he could undergo further rehabilitation before finally being [freed] into the external world again .

Half of the retention would be released upon the completion of the work by the sub-contractor and the balance at the end of the ’ contract ’ maintenance period , provided that all defects in the subcontractor 's work have been made good .
half of the retention would be [freed] upon the completion of the work by the sub-contractor and the balance at the end of the ’ contract ’ maintenance period , provided that all defects in the subcontractor 's work have been made good .

In the event of the sub-contractor failing to complete the initial work or failing to rectify any defective workmanship , the retention would not be released .
in the event of the sub-contractor failing to complete the initial work or failing to rectify any defective workmanship , the retention would not be [freed] .

Skilful assessment of the future potential of parcels of land likely to be released , under pressure , for development is common practice for many builders and speculators .
skilful assessment of the future potential of parcels of land likely to be [freed] , under pressure , for development is common practice for many builders and speculators .

Due to demographic changes , such as falling population , land can be released for residential development which was previously designated for other uses , such as schools and recreation grounds .
due to demographic changes , such as falling population , land can be [freed] for residential development which was previously designated for other uses , such as schools and recreation grounds .

The man released his nose , and straightened .
the man [freed] his nose , and straightened .

Desperate for cash following the Swedish debacle , he was one of the first to take on commercial sponsorship by negotiating a less than lucrative deal with Lovetts Panty Hose Ltd , and solely responsible for the bankrupting record fiasco when , at crippling expense , the team took on the guise of the Whaddon Promotion All Stars , and released a record , Go Go Athletic-O .
desperate for cash following the swedish debacle , he was one of the first to take on commercial sponsorship by negotiating a less than lucrative deal with lovetts panty hose ltd , and solely responsible for the bankrupting record fiasco when , at crippling expense , the team took on the guise of the whaddon promotion all stars , and [freed] a record , go go athletic-o .

When she grew calmer , he slowly released her and she walked away a few paces , staggering , digging her hands in her pockets and turning her back on him .
when she grew calmer , he slowly [freed] her and she walked away a few paces , staggering , digging her hands in her pockets and turning her back on him .

He released her and walked to the parked car .
he [freed] her and walked to the parked car .

When we met Sharon she was living in a London hostel for women recently released from prison .
when we met sharon she was living in a london hostel for women recently [freed] from prison .

The two guards who had been holding him released him and stood back .
the two guards who had been holding him [freed] him and stood back .

He released her and turned to face her .
he [freed] her and turned to face her .

‘ Massive amounts of … clean rad energy have been … released here … recently .
‘ massive amounts of … clean rad energy have been … [freed] here … recently .

No ! That was not the Chelonian way ! He released a hundred quintols of amyl to remind him of that .
no ! that was not the chelonian way ! he [freed] a hundred quintols of amyl to remind him of that .

The central role of the Treasury dates from a minute of 1860. when it was decided that all funds for the government should be released by the Treasury to the various ministries .
the central role of the treasury dates from a minute of 1860. when it was decided that all funds for the government should be [freed] by the treasury to the various ministries .

From the beginning of the century the young were attracted to these activities , and membership became increasingly dominated by individuals in their late teens and early twenties who , released from Victorian preoccupation with moral standards and propriety , rejected the values and fashions of the previous generation .
from the beginning of the century the young were attracted to these activities , and membership became increasingly dominated by individuals in their late teens and early twenties who , [freed] from victorian preoccupation with moral standards and propriety , rejected the values and fashions of the previous generation .

Released , the door swung open and the two women embraced , laughing , and on the edge of tears .
[freed] , the door swung open and the two women embraced , laughing , and on the edge of tears .

One can imagine that if Xerxes had been successful and absorbed Greece into the Persian empire , Greek archaic art might have crystallised in the decorative academic formulae which characterise Achaemenian ; while the threat and its repulse can be seen as the catalyst which released the spirit of Hellenism , flowering in the fifth century as richly in literature and thought as in the visual arts .
one can imagine that if xerxes had been successful and absorbed greece into the persian empire , greek archaic art might have crystallised in the decorative academic formulae which characterise achaemenian ; while the threat and its repulse can be seen as the catalyst which [freed] the spirit of hellenism , flowering in the fifth century as richly in literature and thought as in the visual arts .

The effect was electric : the girl was released within a few days ; the man remained in jail and in fact served a very long sentence .
the effect was electric : the girl was [freed] within a few days ; the man remained in jail and in fact served a very long sentence .

Further and highly satisfactory was an agreement that , having already released 23 detainees since the end of March 1971 , the Rhodesian government would state their intention to release a further 31 detainees out of 93 as soon as the necessary arrangements could be made and that there would be a new special review of the cases of all detainees .
further and highly satisfactory was an agreement that , having already [freed] 23 detainees since the end of march 1971 , the rhodesian government would state their intention to release a further 31 detainees out of 93 as soon as the necessary arrangements could be made and that there would be a new special review of the cases of all detainees .

American Insurance Services have just released final estimates on the Chile earthquake .
american insurance services have just [freed] final estimates on the chile earthquake .

He could insist the post was filled before he released her .
he could insist the post was filled before he [freed] her .

The two women exchanged glances , and released her .
the two women exchanged glances , and [freed] her .

Ellwood spun him a dozen more times , then released him on to the sofa .
ellwood spun him a dozen more times , then [freed] him on to the sofa .

Or , further , is it possible to incorporate in the framework of the state itself some provision or institution by which a governmental act or command ultra vires may be declared to be such , and subjects therefore exempted from its operation and released from any legal obligation to observe or obey it ?
or , further , is it possible to incorporate in the framework of the state itself some provision or institution by which a governmental act or command ultra vires may be declared to be such , and subjects therefore exempted from its operation and [freed] from any legal obligation to observe or obey it ?

He was then released , on condition he went into exile .
he was then [freed] , on condition he went into exile .

Tan Malaka was released from jail .
tan malaka was [freed] from jail .

Truong Chinh and most of his fellow prisoners were released .
truong chinh and most of his fellow prisoners were [freed] .

The next question is why was he eventually released ?
the next question is why was he eventually [freed] ?

Two days later he released and armed the interned Vichy troops .
two days later he [freed] and armed the interned vichy troops .

This started a riot ; the big stores were looted , and the gates of the prison were battered down and some prisoners released .
this started a riot ; the big stores were looted , and the gates of the prison were battered down and some prisoners [freed] .

This approach released considerable management time , which enabled management to devote more attention to :
this approach [freed] considerable management time , which enabled management to devote more attention to :

the security under which the administrative receiver was appointed was void or released .
the security under which the administrative receiver was appointed was void or [freed] .

This might mean that a firm was ‘ released ’ from ties to traditional , skilled ( and often well-unionized ) labour ; the technical change freed it to seek out cheaper and less well-organized labour elsewhere .
this might mean that a firm was ‘ [freed] ’ from ties to traditional , skilled ( and often well-unionized ) labour ; the technical change freed it to seek out cheaper and less well-organized labour elsewhere .

If , however , the growing number of jobs within the service industries is viewed as a consequence of rising productivity levels within manufacturing , then the labour released should have been reabsorbed by the service sector .
if , however , the growing number of jobs within the service industries is viewed as a consequence of rising productivity levels within manufacturing , then the labour [freed] should have been reabsorbed by the service sector .

It might be referred to as ‘ intensive information processing , ’ where data on upstream events are continually released downstream , and vice versa ( see Figure 2 ) .
it might be referred to as ‘ intensive information processing , ’ where data on upstream events are continually [freed] downstream , and vice versa ( see figure 2 ) .

Since then a further 15 discs have been released .
since then a further 15 discs have been [freed] .

After a few months in jail for manslaughter , Tepilit could be released : the war effort encouraged flexibility .
after a few months in jail for manslaughter , tepilit could be [freed] : the war effort encouraged flexibility .

It was air into which farts and old food odours had been released , but which was completely inert , as though in some way lacking ions or ozone , because the air conditioner had not worked for years and the windows were sealed .
it was air into which farts and old food odours had been [freed] , but which was completely inert , as though in some way lacking ions or ozone , because the air conditioner had not worked for years and the windows were sealed .

Released from his pipe , at least momentarily , he inhaled the morning air .
[freed] from his pipe , at least momentarily , he inhaled the morning air .

Eight of them were released when a crowd of two or three thousand seamen threatened to destroy the prison , followed by the ninth prisoner when similar threats were renewed .
eight of them were [freed] when a crowd of two or three thousand seamen threatened to destroy the prison , followed by the ninth prisoner when similar threats were renewed .

Nothing daunted , Havelock Wilson , having just returned from his foreign travels , accompanied by Tom Mann , recently released from gaol following a term of imprisonment for inciting troops to mutiny , set off to visit four or five provincial ports , not only to appeal for funds for the London men , but also to persuade workers at these ports to join in and make the strike a national one .
nothing daunted , havelock wilson , having just returned from his foreign travels , accompanied by tom mann , recently [freed] from gaol following a term of imprisonment for inciting troops to mutiny , set off to visit four or five provincial ports , not only to appeal for funds for the london men , but also to persuade workers at these ports to join in and make the strike a national one .

The drawing office produces engineering data and drawings on instruction , originated in the design office and released by product control .
the drawing office produces engineering data and drawings on instruction , originated in the design office and [freed] by product control .

Everyone went wild with laughter again , except for the three men above us , who received such a jolt that they nearly released their macabre cargo onto our heads .
everyone went wild with laughter again , except for the three men above us , who received such a jolt that they nearly [freed] their macabre cargo onto our heads .

The astonished reptile released its grip just long enough for Laba to break free and stagger off down the track — with the serpent in hot pursuit apparently loudly vocalizing with the same sibilant barks which we were later to hear ourselves while filming a python hunt .
the astonished reptile [freed] its grip just long enough for laba to break free and stagger off down the track — with the serpent in hot pursuit apparently loudly vocalizing with the same sibilant barks which we were later to hear ourselves while filming a python hunt .

We were eventually released and returned to find some of the crew busily repairing the mainsail on the dock , while the rest , with Tandri and the officers , were being bullied by lesser officials who were nosing around the hold and demanding to see their personal possessions .
we were eventually [freed] and returned to find some of the crew busily repairing the mainsail on the dock , while the rest , with tandri and the officers , were being bullied by lesser officials who were nosing around the hold and demanding to see their personal possessions .

Much later , these salmon were released into a lake and left to mature .
much later , these salmon were [freed] into a lake and left to mature .

In the day the pineal creates and stores a chemical called serotonin , and during the night this is converted into melatonin and released into the bloodstream .
in the day the pineal creates and stores a chemical called serotonin , and during the night this is converted into melatonin and [freed] into the bloodstream .

He remembered a straight mass of red-gold hair , in cold King 's Chapel , more golden than foxy Frederica 's , slowly settling onto a collar as the pins released their grip .
he remembered a straight mass of red-gold hair , in cold king 's chapel , more golden than foxy frederica 's , slowly settling onto a collar as the pins [freed] their grip .

The point of the spine breaks off easily , and the liquid inside , formic acid , is released into the object causing the injury , in most cases the skin of an animal .
the point of the spine breaks off easily , and the liquid inside , formic acid , is [freed] into the object causing the injury , in most cases the skin of an animal .

That power must be released , allowed to gush forth .
that power must be [freed] , allowed to gush forth .

Now that new evidence , either not released before or else wilfully ignored by earlier historians , is available , these charges can be reduced to their proper perspective .
now that new evidence , either not [freed] before or else wilfully ignored by earlier historians , is available , these charges can be reduced to their proper perspective .

Comparing the recaptures with the original data on the marked animals released , have some morphs survived better than others ?
comparing the recaptures with the original data on the marked animals [freed] , have some morphs survived better than others ?

To enjoy as much as she was going to for this time , she knew that , and she smiled and held him and kissed him when she felt the convulsion and heard his breath released .
to enjoy as much as she was going to for this time , she knew that , and she smiled and held him and kissed him when she felt the convulsion and heard his breath [freed] .

Sperm , which the female has collected in her mouth from the males ' vent , is then released onto the side of the aquarium and the eggs pushed on top of it .
sperm , which the female has collected in her mouth from the males ' vent , is then [freed] onto the side of the aquarium and the eggs pushed on top of it .

On the defendant 's subsequent appearance , the justices held they had no jurisdiction to hear the matter and released the defendant on the same bail conditions as before .
on the defendant 's subsequent appearance , the justices held they had no jurisdiction to hear the matter and [freed] the defendant on the same bail conditions as before .

Consequently , Mr. Bell was released on bail on the same conditions as before .
consequently , mr. bell was [freed] on bail on the same conditions as before .

In this respect it is to be contrasted with section 6 of the Bail Act 1976 , which does create an offence where a person who has been released on bail fails without reasonable cause to surrender to custody .
in this respect it is to be contrasted with section 6 of the bail act 1976 , which does create an offence where a person who has been [freed] on bail fails without reasonable cause to surrender to custody .

The justice will then either form one of the opinions set out in subsection ( 5 ) , and if he does so , go on to decide whether to remand the defendant in custody or on bail on the same or more stringent conditions , or if the justice feels unable to form one of the opinions set out in the subsection , he will order the defendant to be released on bail on the same terms as were originally imposed .
the justice will then either form one of the opinions set out in subsection ( 5 ) , and if he does so , go on to decide whether to remand the defendant in custody or on bail on the same or more stringent conditions , or if the justice feels unable to form one of the opinions set out in the subsection , he will order the defendant to be [freed] on bail on the same terms as were originally imposed .

‘ The defendant need not be granted bail if , having been released on bail in or in connection with the proceedings for the offence , he has been arrested in pursuance of section 7 of this Act .
‘ the defendant need not be granted bail if , having been [freed] on bail in or in connection with the proceedings for the offence , he has been arrested in pursuance of section 7 of this act .

As you move slowly apart , to rest , your adrenaline levels drop quickly , and prolactin , a calming hormone , is released , disposing you towards sleep .
as you move slowly apart , to rest , your adrenaline levels drop quickly , and prolactin , a calming hormone , is [freed] , disposing you towards sleep .

Robert Lopez is released without a stain on his character .
robert lopez is [freed] without a stain on his character .

Heavy objects , such as a brick when released near the surface of the earth , fall straight downwards if not impeded .
heavy objects , such as a brick when [freed] near the surface of the earth , fall straight downwards if not impeded .

The applicants were released .
the applicants were [freed] .

Would those charges have been brought if there had been no question of the applicants being released ?
would those charges have been brought if there had been no question of the applicants being [freed] ?

In the 1960s , the connection to a political theme — the supposed new energies released by a Labour-led ‘ swinging Britain ' — of the notions of boy-next-door , man-in-the-street ‘ classlessness ’ constructed around the early Beatles , was one way in which the music 's meaning was secured for the dominant social interests .
in the 1960s , the connection to a political theme — the supposed new energies [freed] by a labour-led ‘ swinging britain ' — of the notions of boy-next-door , man-in-the-street ‘ classlessness ’ constructed around the early beatles , was one way in which the music 's meaning was secured for the dominant social interests .

In his catalogue introduction Kudielka describes Bridget Riley walking on the hillside in the hour before dusk when the colours are released from the domination of the sun .
in his catalogue introduction kudielka describes bridget riley walking on the hillside in the hour before dusk when the colours are [freed] from the domination of the sun .

Leonor Fini underlined this concern when she painted her friend Leonora Carrington in a breastplate and sensible skirt , not a fetish object but a woman warrior and a ‘ true revolutionary ’ , released from cliches of femininity .
leonor fini underlined this concern when she painted her friend leonora carrington in a breastplate and sensible skirt , not a fetish object but a woman warrior and a ‘ true revolutionary ’ , [freed] from cliches of femininity .

Trotsky and other party members arrested after the July Days were released .
trotsky and other party members arrested after the july days were [freed] .

Following his ill-fated collaboration with Crystal Gayle on the soundtrack to Coppola 's One From the Heart , Waits released the brilliantly eclectic Swordfishtrombones , the first instalment of a trilogy that would continue through 1985 's Rain Dogs and conclude with 1987 's Franks Wild Years .
following his ill-fated collaboration with crystal gayle on the soundtrack to coppola 's one from the heart , waits [freed] the brilliantly eclectic swordfishtrombones , the first instalment of a trilogy that would continue through 1985 's rain dogs and conclude with 1987 's franks wild years .

The waters on which we travel are released from the penstocks of Glen Canyon Dam , 105 miles upstream , according to the demand for hydroelectric power in cities hundreds of miles away .
the waters on which we travel are [freed] from the penstocks of glen canyon dam , 105 miles upstream , according to the demand for hydroelectric power in cities hundreds of miles away .

Then , on Monday mornings when peak power is needed , a huge volume of water is released all at once , washing away the Canyon 's beaches and wreaking havoc on the fragile riverside environment .
then , on monday mornings when peak power is needed , a huge volume of water is [freed] all at once , washing away the canyon 's beaches and wreaking havoc on the fragile riverside environment .

What remains is released into an elaborate system of drains , penstocks , pumps , flumes , and concrete-sided irrigation ditches , from which it emerges at the Mexican border , severely depleted and laden with salts and pesticides .
what remains is [freed] into an elaborate system of drains , penstocks , pumps , flumes , and concrete-sided irrigation ditches , from which it emerges at the mexican border , severely depleted and laden with salts and pesticides .

‘ It 's released this month .
‘ it 's [freed] this month .

The court has to be satisfied that there are substantial grounds for believing that , if released on bail , the defendant would fail to appear for trial , would commit an offence while on bail , or would obstruct the course of justice .
the court has to be satisfied that there are substantial grounds for believing that , if [freed] on bail , the defendant would fail to appear for trial , would commit an offence while on bail , or would obstruct the course of justice .

More controversially , it has also pressed ahead with experiments to test the feasibility of electronic monitoring ( or ‘ tagging ’ ) of defendants released on bail as an alternative to remands in custody ( see also Chapter 7 ) .
more controversially , it has also pressed ahead with experiments to test the feasibility of electronic monitoring ( or ‘ tagging ’ ) of defendants [freed] on bail as an alternative to remands in custody ( see also chapter 7 ) .

However , the location of planets not yet released from survey classification was information restricted to members of the Survey Service .
however , the location of planets not yet [freed] from survey classification was information restricted to members of the survey service .

Yuan had to show him how it was released .
yuan had to show him how it was [freed] .

Every Sunday we went to Mass and prayed you 'd be released .
every sunday we went to mass and prayed you 'd be [freed] .

He had been instrumental in getting Volkov released so she could take up her appointment in Geneva .
he had been instrumental in getting volkov [freed] so she could take up her appointment in geneva .

Harry released her and once again his expression was downcast .
harry [freed] her and once again his expression was downcast .

Within a few weeks of Glass 's abduction , a group calling itself the Organization of Good against Evil released video pictures of him allegedly confessing to being a spy .
within a few weeks of glass 's abduction , a group calling itself the organization of good against evil [freed] video pictures of him allegedly confessing to being a spy .

Ironically , the two French hostages were released on John 's birthday , 27 November .
ironically , the two french hostages were [freed] on john 's birthday , 27 november .

In those days , it seemed to me that released hostages had come out of deepest , darkest Africa .
in those days , it seemed to me that [freed] hostages had come out of deepest , darkest africa .

‘ John has a better chance of being released if the kidnappers realize there is nothing to be gained by hanging on to him .
‘ john has a better chance of being [freed] if the kidnappers realize there is nothing to be gained by hanging on to him .

When Auque and Normandin were released the previous November , Pat and Sheila had spoken out about their frustration on television .
when auque and normandin were [freed] the previous november , pat and sheila had spoken out about their frustration on television .

The hijackers were Islamic Jihad , and they threatened to kill members of the Kuwaiti Royal Family on board and all the Western hostages in Beirut if their comrades imprisoned in Kuwait were not released .
the hijackers were islamic jihad , and they threatened to kill members of the kuwaiti royal family on board and all the western hostages in beirut if their comrades imprisoned in kuwait were not [freed] .

On 13 September , Rudolf Cordes , a West German hostage , and then , on 4 October , Mithileshwar Singh were released .
on 13 september , rudolf cordes , a west german hostage , and then , on 4 october , mithileshwar singh were [freed] .

Had Terry been moved out before being released ?
had terry been moved out before being [freed] ?

We had been held for three and a half years and we still had no idea when we might be released .
we had been held for three and a half years and we still had no idea when we might be [freed] .

He nodded , released her hand , and walked quickly to the door .
he nodded , [freed] her hand , and walked quickly to the door .

The second man released her and went into the hall to collect two coats and a hat .
the second man [freed] her and went into the hall to collect two coats and a hat .

The handlers stepped back and released .
the handlers stepped back and [freed] .

An ‘ authoring system ’ , called ‘ Kaleida ’ and expected to be released at the end of the year , will enable publishers or packagers to edit together text , sound , still and moving pictures .
an ‘ authoring system ’ , called ‘ kaleida ’ and expected to be [freed] at the end of the year , will enable publishers or packagers to edit together text , sound , still and moving pictures .

Andrew Robson , a 21-year-old fast medium bowler from Tyne and Wear who toured Australia with the England Under–19 party three winters ago , has made a speedy impression since being released by Surrey .
andrew robson , a 21-year-old fast medium bowler from tyne and wear who toured australia with the england under–19 party three winters ago , has made a speedy impression since being [freed] by surrey .

Released from the confinement of their workplace , the workers are offered a global view of their oppressive working conditions .
[freed] from the confinement of their workplace , the workers are offered a global view of their oppressive working conditions .

The displacement properties of acidic or basic protein binding drugs and effects of released vasoactive mediators are probably additive .
the displacement properties of acidic or basic protein binding drugs and effects of [freed] vasoactive mediators are probably additive .

The port 's operations are subsidized to some extent by the local authorities but in the main the port is financed by port dues and this had led to a demand that any port land released for development should yield significant port use in order to generate revenue .
the port 's operations are subsidized to some extent by the local authorities but in the main the port is financed by port dues and this had led to a demand that any port land [freed] for development should yield significant port use in order to generate revenue .

The shark catches it by its feet , but as it tries to get a better grip the young bird is released and flaps into the air over the shark 's back .
the shark catches it by its feet , but as it tries to get a better grip the young bird is [freed] and flaps into the air over the shark 's back .

And when the tension is released , it contracts again .
and when the tension is [freed] , it contracts again .

There is good evidence that they take note of the position of the sun , but birds released on an overcast winter 's day when the sun was invisible still returned .
there is good evidence that they take note of the position of the sun , but birds [freed] on an overcast winter 's day when the sun was invisible still returned .

Yellow eels have been caught in a Scandinavian estuary , tagged and released in another over a hundred miles away .
yellow eels have been caught in a scandinavian estuary , tagged and [freed] in another over a hundred miles away .

Ace caught it , almost pulled Defries from her perch , released it , and rolled to a stop a few metres further down the slope .
ace caught it , almost pulled defries from her perch , [freed] it , and rolled to a stop a few metres further down the slope .

She released the line , and it and the creature swung away from her , away from the space station , up into space .
she [freed] the line , and it and the creature swung away from her , away from the space station , up into space .

Each bird was carefully removed to be aged , sexed , weighed , measured ( more northerly populations have longer wings ) de-loused and released .
each bird was carefully removed to be aged , sexed , weighed , measured ( more northerly populations have longer wings ) de-loused and [freed] .

We picnicked by a pool teeming with tadpoles which the children caught in cupped hands , then released back again .
we picnicked by a pool teeming with tadpoles which the children caught in cupped hands , then [freed] back again .

And Preston 's heart , too , seized and violently squeezed , and then released so the blood pumped wildly .
and preston 's heart , too , seized and violently squeezed , and then [freed] so the blood pumped wildly .

The bomber released its load because it was having difficulty reaching the coast .
the bomber [freed] its load because it was having difficulty reaching the coast .

The first Sex Pistols album , Never Mind the Bollocks , Here 's the Sex Pistols was released in November 1977 .
the first sex pistols album , never mind the bollocks , here 's the sex pistols was [freed] in november 1977 .

He did , however , sign for Virgin , and his first solo album , Legalize It , was released in 1976 .
he did , however , sign for virgin , and his first solo album , legalize it , was [freed] in 1976 .

Vicious was charged with the murder , but released on bail .
vicious was charged with the murder , but [freed] on bail .

The Music Box system , as it was called , would consist of four central computer terminals , located in different parts of the country , on which would be stored every single and album ever released in Britain .
the music box system , as it was called , would consist of four central computer terminals , located in different parts of the country , on which would be stored every single and album ever [freed] in britain .

The first two singles released by Culture Club failed .
the first two singles [freed] by culture club failed .

Culture Club 's first album , Kissing To Be Clever , was released in October 1982 .
culture club 's first album , kissing to be clever , was [freed] in october 1982 .

The arrival of Culture Club , allied to the successes of the Human League , Phil Collins , Japan , Simple Minds and others , released vast reservoirs of cash into the Virgin account .
the arrival of culture club , allied to the successes of the human league , phil collins , japan , simple minds and others , [freed] vast reservoirs of cash into the virgin account .

In early April 1990 , Price was released from prison in Sweden after serving approximately five years of his sentence .
in early april 1990 , price was [freed] from prison in sweden after serving approximately five years of his sentence .

On 6 July , Price was released from prison in this country .
on 6 july , price was [freed] from prison in this country .

In the exercise of his power under section 61 of the Criminal Justice Act 1967the Secretary of State for the Home Department considered the date on which each applicant might be released upon licence .
in the exercise of his power under section 61 of the criminal justice act 1967the secretary of state for the home department considered the date on which each applicant might be [freed] upon licence .

Moreover , section 2 of the Act of 1965 imposed a restraint on the power of the Secretary of State to release on licence a person convicted of murder , by providing that no such person should be released :
moreover , section 2 of the act of 1965 imposed a restraint on the power of the secretary of state to release on licence a person convicted of murder , by providing that no such person should be [freed] :

‘ As indicated in the November 1983 statement , the setting of the first review date under these arrangements will enable a life sentence prisoner to be released within three years of that date if the Parole Board so recommends , subject to the policy announced in reply to a question by the then Rt .
‘ as indicated in the november 1983 statement , the setting of the first review date under these arrangements will enable a life sentence prisoner to be [freed] within three years of that date if the parole board so recommends , subject to the policy announced in reply to a question by the then rt .

Mr. Pannick , for the Secretary of State , reminds us that a prisoner serving a sentence of life imprisonment has no right to be released on licence ; he has at best a hope that the Secretary of State will release him in the exercise of his discretion under section 61 ( 1 ) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 .
mr. pannick , for the secretary of state , reminds us that a prisoner serving a sentence of life imprisonment has no right to be [freed] on licence ; he has at best a hope that the secretary of state will release him in the exercise of his discretion under section 61 ( 1 ) of the criminal justice act 1967 .

Moreover , in the case of a prisoner who has been released on licence under section 61 , if his licence is revoked , he is entitled under section 62 ( 3 ) to make representations in writing with respect to his recall and to be informed of the reasons for it .
moreover , in the case of a prisoner who has been [freed] on licence under section 61 , if his licence is revoked , he is entitled under section 62 ( 3 ) to make representations in writing with respect to his recall and to be informed of the reasons for it .

The Act of 1965 also contained , in section 2 , a provision that no person convicted of murder should be released on licence unless the Secretary of State had prior to such release consulted the Lord Chief Justice , together with the trial judge if available .
the act of 1965 also contained , in section 2 , a provision that no person convicted of murder should be [freed] on licence unless the secretary of state had prior to such release consulted the lord chief justice , together with the trial judge if available .

It is accepted procedure that an imprisoned contemnor can apply to the first instance court to purge his contempt and be released from prison .
it is accepted procedure that an imprisoned contemnor can apply to the first instance court to purge his contempt and be [freed] from prison .

He told her that it was limited to secure £60,000 and would be released in a short time .
he told her that it was limited to secure £60,000 and would be [freed] in a short time .

If this were not done , the benefit to the released debtor would be nullified by the operation of the indemnity covenant .
if this were not done , the benefit to the [freed] debtor would be nullified by the operation of the indemnity covenant .

He reminded me there was a counterclaim for £2,444 and that by the order the plaintiffs in this action were released from any possible liability on the counterclaim .
he reminded me there was a counterclaim for £2,444 and that by the order the plaintiffs in this action were [freed] from any possible liability on the counterclaim .

This legal bonanza was obviously too good to last and ultimately matters were brought to a head in a series of compromises , as a result of which the lease was forfeited but the plaintiffs abandoned all its money claims in the relevant action other than for arrears of rent , and — and for the present purposes this is the crucial matter — the plaintiff released the surety unconditionally from his personal guarantee contained in the licence of 3 December 1973 .
this legal bonanza was obviously too good to last and ultimately matters were brought to a head in a series of compromises , as a result of which the lease was forfeited but the plaintiffs abandoned all its money claims in the relevant action other than for arrears of rent , and — and for the present purposes this is the crucial matter — the plaintiff [freed] the surety unconditionally from his personal guarantee contained in the licence of 3 december 1973 .

The reason why a release to one debtor releases all jointly liable is , because , unless it was held to do so , the co-debtor , after paying the debt , might sue him who was released for contribution , and so in effect he would not be released ; but that reason does not apply where the debtor released agrees to such a qualification of the release as will leave him liable to any rights of the co-debtor .
the reason why a release to one debtor releases all jointly liable is , because , unless it was held to do so , the co-debtor , after paying the debt , might sue him who was [freed] for contribution , and so in effect he would not be [freed] ; but that reason does not apply where the debtor [freed] agrees to such a qualification of the release as will leave him liable to any rights of the co-debtor .

If one joint and several covenantor is released by accord and satisfaction , all are released .
if one joint and several covenantor is [freed] by accord and satisfaction , all are [freed] .

Secondly , unless the co-covenantors were released following an accord and satisfaction , they could claim a right of contribution or indemnity .
secondly , unless the co-covenantors were [freed] following an accord and satisfaction , they could claim a right of contribution or indemnity .

Thus , by suing the co-contractor the creditor commits a breach of the contract with the released covenantor , for such an action will inevitably lead to the very claim from which the release has been purchased by accord and satisfaction .
thus , by suing the co-contractor the creditor commits a breach of the contract with the [freed] covenantor , for such an action will inevitably lead to the very claim from which the release has been purchased by accord and satisfaction .

In some cases it has been found in the exemption from liability of the released party to be sued by his co-contractors , as where the released party is already bankrupt .
in some cases it has been found in the exemption from liability of the [freed] party to be sued by his co-contractors , as where the [freed] party is already bankrupt .

The Attorney-General was joined as a respondent to the application because he had declined to grant his fiat under section 13 of the Coroners Act 1988 , but at the hearing he was released from the proceedings with the consent of all parties .
the attorney-general was joined as a respondent to the application because he had declined to grant his fiat under section 13 of the coroners act 1988 , but at the hearing he was [freed] from the proceedings with the consent of all parties .

An ayatollah had been released from three years `` detention and mobs took to the streets to celebrate .
an ayatollah had been [freed] from three years `` detention and mobs took to the streets to celebrate .

He was sentenced to three years house arrest , was released in August 1956 , and lived till his death in 1967 , under guard in his estate .
he was sentenced to three years house arrest , was [freed] in august 1956 , and lived till his death in 1967 , under guard in his estate .

In spring 1964 Khomeini was released , Various emissaries of the Shah tried to persuade the ayatollah to leave politics to the politicians . ``
in spring 1964 khomeini was [freed] , various emissaries of the shah tried to persuade the ayatollah to leave politics to the politicians . ``

‘ She was released from the unit into a bed-sit , where she lived totally alone .
‘ she was [freed] from the unit into a bed-sit , where she lived totally alone .

He had taken the job on the strict understanding that he could be released during rehearsals for the expected arrival .
he had taken the job on the strict understanding that he could be [freed] during rehearsals for the expected arrival .

We released a healing , transforming power , sheer joy and fun , counterpoised with working through deep , deep buried traumas from childhood .
we [freed] a healing , transforming power , sheer joy and fun , counterpoised with working through deep , deep buried traumas from childhood .

He has now released some of these birds , and a large reward awaits any ringer able to catch one of them in Britain or Ireland , and so substantiate they experimental results .
he has now [freed] some of these birds , and a large reward awaits any ringer able to catch one of them in britain or ireland , and so substantiate they experimental results .

The lizards were examined for a number of morphological characteristics such as body proportions and colour , weighed , and released into four adjoining enclosures , one for each group .
the lizards were examined for a number of morphological characteristics such as body proportions and colour , weighed , and [freed] into four adjoining enclosures , one for each group .

Before the fungus kills the fly , it attacks its nervous system , changing its behaviour so that it climbs to the top of the plant , puts its head down to attach its proboscis to the leaf , and sticks its abdomen up into the air , ready for the passing breezes to take the spores away when they are released .
before the fungus kills the fly , it attacks its nervous system , changing its behaviour so that it climbs to the top of the plant , puts its head down to attach its proboscis to the leaf , and sticks its abdomen up into the air , ready for the passing breezes to take the spores away when they are [freed] .

As he cut at them , the monster released a jet of black ink , withdrew and disappeared .
as he cut at them , the monster [freed] a jet of black ink , withdrew and disappeared .

World of Records has just released a single version of the classical spiritual text Desiderata by the exuberant Pop Tarts .
world of records has just [freed] a single version of the classical spiritual text desiderata by the exuberant pop tarts .

We go on the road with The Cure , who have just released their second album , ‘ Seventeen Seconds ’ .
we go on the road with the cure , who have just [freed] their second album , ‘ seventeen seconds ’ .

No Man 's stunning version of ‘ Colours ’ has just been released as a single on Probe Plus .
no man 's stunning version of ‘ colours ’ has just been [freed] as a single on probe plus .

If you want the truth about rising stars Five Thirty , check out their debut single , ‘ Catcher In The Rye ’ , which was originally released in 1985 .
if you want the truth about rising stars five thirty , check out their debut single , ‘ catcher in the rye ’ , which was originally [freed] in 1985 .

‘ Third Term ’ ( Deltic ) Re-released as a 12-inch , with the added bonus of a stunning acoustic version of ‘ The Newshound ’ ( an acute portrayal of the scum that litter the daily tabloids ) — and rightly so , because quite frankly this puts 90 per cent of single released this year into the shade and kicks them in the teeth to boot .
‘ third term ’ ( deltic ) re-released as a 12-inch , with the added bonus of a stunning acoustic version of ‘ the newshound ’ ( an acute portrayal of the scum that litter the daily tabloids ) — and rightly so , because quite frankly this puts 90 per cent of single [freed] this year into the shade and kicks them in the teeth to boot .

Having been sentenced to death in the mid-Morrissey period for the hanging offence of reinventing laddishness ( see The Farm , Flowered Up ) , they bowl on stage like men released from the Tower .
having been sentenced to death in the mid-morrissey period for the hanging offence of reinventing laddishness ( see the farm , flowered up ) , they bowl on stage like men [freed] from the tower .

If the subsidiaries of the Scottish Bus Group are released into the private sector , with all the rhetoric about freedom and competition , one of the rights that will be established is the right of a buyer to sell on to a new owner Whatever safeguards the Minister may tell us , to salve his conscience , are built into the legislation , the truth is that they will disappear immediately further sales take place .
if the subsidiaries of the scottish bus group are [freed] into the private sector , with all the rhetoric about freedom and competition , one of the rights that will be established is the right of a buyer to sell on to a new owner whatever safeguards the minister may tell us , to salve his conscience , are built into the legislation , the truth is that they will disappear immediately further sales take place .

When Ashley Mountney work was slack , he could be released to help on the farm for a few days sheep shearing again .
when ashley mountney work was slack , he could be [freed] to help on the farm for a few days sheep shearing again .

She released the bottle with a thud , surveying the small disaster blankly .
she [freed] the bottle with a thud , surveying the small disaster blankly .

’ She could n't help it ; the words poured out , a torrent of pent-up emotional resentment , released at last .
’ she could n't help it ; the words poured out , a torrent of pent-up emotional resentment , [freed] at last .

He released her , his fingers still loosely in the escaped strands of her hair , staring at her as blankly as if she were some phantom being from another incarnation , a mythical seductress beamed unexpectedly into the passenger seat of his car .
he [freed] her , his fingers still loosely in the escaped strands of her hair , staring at her as blankly as if she were some phantom being from another incarnation , a mythical seductress beamed unexpectedly into the passenger seat of his car .

He loosened his fingers , released her .
he loosened his fingers , [freed] her .

He released her hands , and pinned her instead with one hard leg as he drew down the straps of her swimsuit , uncovering her full high breasts to his view .
he [freed] her hands , and pinned her instead with one hard leg as he drew down the straps of her swimsuit , uncovering her full high breasts to his view .

He released her .
he [freed] her .

When this truth , which had been apparent from early morning , was finally recognized by Jean-Luc Roussel and Charles was released , it was about five o'clock .
when this truth , which had been apparent from early morning , was finally recognized by jean-luc roussel and charles was [freed] , it was about five o'clock .

The hand released him .
the hand [freed] him .

But then why had they taken the tutor , T'ai Cho and afterwards released him ?
but then why had they taken the tutor , t'ai cho and afterwards [freed] him ?

When a vase emerged unbroken — especially the tall storage amphorae for oil and water-when its millennia-old husk of mud and chalk was scraped away , it appeared to Davide like a living body released from the torpor of an unnatural sleep , from a kind of illness , its rounded shape tender , pointing a foot , like an absorbed peg-doll , its intactness a triumphant resurrection .
when a vase emerged unbroken — especially the tall storage amphorae for oil and water-when its millennia-old husk of mud and chalk was scraped away , it appeared to davide like a living body [freed] from the torpor of an unnatural sleep , from a kind of illness , its rounded shape tender , pointing a foot , like an absorbed peg-doll , its intactness a triumphant resurrection .

’ Tommaso released her other hand , and took her other nipple between finger and thumb .
’ tommaso [freed] her other hand , and took her other nipple between finger and thumb .

She shook out the clothes over the scrub with more alacrity than she had shown at the washing , she was released from her error , she had escaped , just .
she shook out the clothes over the scrub with more alacrity than she had shown at the washing , she was [freed] from her error , she had escaped , just .

Franco released him from his embrace , tapped him on the chest and dropped his tone of ghastly jocularity .
franco [freed] him from his embrace , tapped him on the chest and dropped his tone of ghastly jocularity .

The heading can then be released for cleaning at a later date .
the heading can then be [freed] for cleaning at a later date .

Table 4.1 Numbers of coho salmon released and later recaptured in two rivers in Washington , with and without their olfactory sense impaired .
table 4.1 numbers of coho salmon [freed] and later recaptured in two rivers in washington , with and without their olfactory sense impaired .

Pigeons taken from their home loft to some place , say one hundred miles to the east , which the pigeons have never visited before , and then released , are capable of finding their way home .
pigeons taken from their home loft to some place , say one hundred miles to the east , which the pigeons have never visited before , and then [freed] , are capable of finding their way home .

On the right are the results of an experiment in which starlings caught over Holland in the autumn were transported to and released in Switzerland .
on the right are the results of an experiment in which starlings caught over holland in the autumn were transported to and [freed] in switzerland .

Pheromones are chemical signals , released by one individual and smelt by another , whose behaviour is thereby influenced .
pheromones are chemical signals , [freed] by one individual and smelt by another , whose behaviour is thereby influenced .

They can smell the bombykol released by a single female , at a distance of over a mile .
they can smell the bombykol [freed] by a single female , at a distance of over a mile .

Figure 6.4 Pheromones are manufactured and released from special glands .
figure 6.4 pheromones are manufactured and [freed] from special glands .

When , for instance in Solenopsis , the food source is so large that many ants are needed , mass-acting pheromones are released .
when , for instance in solenopsis , the food source is so large that many ants are needed , mass-acting pheromones are [freed] .

The scent trail of the ant is released as a liquid ( which evaporates ) on the ground ; but it is known that it is perceived by scent rather than taste .
the scent trail of the ant is [freed] as a liquid ( which evaporates ) on the ground ; but it is known that it is perceived by scent rather than taste .

Lorton released his grip .
lorton [freed] his grip .

’ Ruth released the picture .
’ ruth [freed] the picture .

Dalziel nodded at the policemen , who released Antony 's arms .
dalziel nodded at the policemen , who [freed] antony 's arms .

With few exceptions , radioactive materials released into the environment become involved in a complex series of physical , chemical , and biological processes .
with few exceptions , radioactive materials [freed] into the environment become involved in a complex series of physical , chemical , and biological processes .

Following a nuclear weapons test the residence time of the radionuclides released depends upon the height to which the radioactive cloud rises ( which is related to explosion yield ) , its latitude of detonation ( the height of the tropopause being lower in the polar regions than near the equator ) , the size of the radioactive aerosols , and whether the radionuclides are in gaseous or particle form .
following a nuclear weapons test the residence time of the radionuclides [freed] depends upon the height to which the radioactive cloud rises ( which is related to explosion yield ) , its latitude of detonation ( the height of the tropopause being lower in the polar regions than near the equator ) , the size of the radioactive aerosols , and whether the radionuclides are in gaseous or particle form .

Most of the radionuclides released are of local or regional concern , because their half-lives are short compared with the time required for dispersion to greater distances .
most of the radionuclides [freed] are of local or regional concern , because their half-lives are short compared with the time required for dispersion to greater distances .

The most important radionuclide released as far as health consequences to the population were concerned was iodine-131 ( a gamma emitter that can cause thyroid cancer ) .
the most important radionuclide [freed] as far as health consequences to the population were concerned was iodine-131 ( a gamma emitter that can cause thyroid cancer ) .

During the mid 1970s , it was suggested that the increased use of nitrogen-based agricultural fertilizers and/or nitrogen-fixing vegetation might affect the nitrogen cycle and result in an increase in the amounts of oxides of nitrogen released from the surface into the atmosphere .
during the mid 1970s , it was suggested that the increased use of nitrogen-based agricultural fertilizers and/or nitrogen-fixing vegetation might affect the nitrogen cycle and result in an increase in the amounts of oxides of nitrogen [freed] from the surface into the atmosphere .

Only a portion of all carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere remains there since carbon dioxide is absorbed by the oceans and the biosphere ( figure 6.14 ) .
only a portion of all carbon dioxide [freed] into the atmosphere remains there since carbon dioxide is absorbed by the oceans and the biosphere ( figure 6.14 ) .

( 1982 ) estimate that about 40 per cent of all carbon dioxide released to the atmosphere remains there to enhance the greenhouse effect .
( 1982 ) estimate that about 40 per cent of all carbon dioxide [freed] to the atmosphere remains there to enhance the greenhouse effect .

In the future , large amounts of methane currently trapped in the frozen tundras of the northern hemisphere may be released as soil temperatures rise in response to global warming ( Boyle and Ardill , 1989 ) .
in the future , large amounts of methane currently trapped in the frozen tundras of the northern hemisphere may be [freed] as soil temperatures rise in response to global warming ( boyle and ardill , 1989 ) .

And then : he has rendered up countless souls to the creatures of the Cruachan Caves , thought Nuadu . Why , then , has he not been released ?
and then : he has rendered up countless souls to the creatures of the cruachan caves , thought nuadu . why , then , has he not been [freed] ?

With great discretion , Laurence Evenden released the excess gas pressure in his duodenum .
with great discretion , laurence evenden [freed] the excess gas pressure in his duodenum .

As he watched them , he released the spell , and they began to rouse , and when at last he turned to Dierdriu , she was awake and listening to him .
as he watched them , he [freed] the spell , and they began to rouse , and when at last he turned to dierdriu , she was awake and listening to him .

It seems likely that in very primitive multicellular forms the main mode of communication was chemical — a substance released by one cell , say signalling for the cell to contract , could fairly quickly diffuse to other cells , ensuring that they too contracted .
it seems likely that in very primitive multicellular forms the main mode of communication was chemical — a substance [freed] by one cell , say signalling for the cell to contract , could fairly quickly diffuse to other cells , ensuring that they too contracted .

In Ungar 's test situation , the mice are released into a lighted compartment and their behaviour observed .
in ungar 's test situation , the mice are [freed] into a lighted compartment and their behaviour observed .

For instance , there could be a steady reduction in the amount of transmitter released by the presynaptic cell , or a modification of the receptors on the postsynaptic side to make them less responsive to a given amount of transmitter released , or both mechanisms could be operating .
for instance , there could be a steady reduction in the amount of transmitter [freed] by the presynaptic cell , or a modification of the receptors on the postsynaptic side to make them less responsive to a given amount of transmitter [freed] , or both mechanisms could be operating .

At a synapse , transmitter released from the presynaptic side binds to a receptor on the postsynaptic side , resulting in a change in the electrical properties of the postsynaptic membrane and a small flow of current around it .
at a synapse , transmitter [freed] from the presynaptic side binds to a receptor on the postsynaptic side , resulting in a change in the electrical properties of the postsynaptic membrane and a small flow of current around it .

Three ice islands recently broken out from the Ronne-Filchner ice shelf , in the southeast corner of the Weddell Sea , in area totalled 11.5 thousand km 2 and in thickness some 500 m ( Ferrigno and Gould , 1987 ) ; a single one almost 160km long with an area of over 6200km 2 , released from the Ross Ice Shelf in 1987 , was estimated to contain enough water to last the State of California over 600 years ( Polar Record , 1988 ) .
three ice islands recently broken out from the ronne-filchner ice shelf , in the southeast corner of the weddell sea , in area totalled 11.5 thousand km 2 and in thickness some 500 m ( ferrigno and gould , 1987 ) ; a single one almost 160km long with an area of over 6200km 2 , [freed] from the ross ice shelf in 1987 , was estimated to contain enough water to last the state of california over 600 years ( polar record , 1988 ) .

Many of these first algae of the season are released from ice floes ; as the pack ice melts , initially at its northern edge and later across its whole width , diatoms and other algal cells that have been trapped in its interstices are liberated into the sea and soon begin to divide rapidly .
many of these first algae of the season are [freed] from ice floes ; as the pack ice melts , initially at its northern edge and later across its whole width , diatoms and other algal cells that have been trapped in its interstices are liberated into the sea and soon begin to divide rapidly .

Most polar birds breed seasonally , mating in early spring and timing their laying and incubation so that chicks are fed and released during the summer flush of food .
most polar birds breed seasonally , mating in early spring and timing their laying and incubation so that chicks are fed and [freed] during the summer flush of food .

The chicks are released precociously at only about half adult weight , giving the adults time to complete their own moult and be ready for breeding the following season ( Stonehouse , 1985 ) .
the chicks are [freed] precociously at only about half adult weight , giving the adults time to complete their own moult and be ready for breeding the following season ( stonehouse , 1985 ) .

She held the grip for a second or two , released it and then stroked her fingertips along the edge of the muscle .
she held the grip for a second or two , [freed] it and then stroked her fingertips along the edge of the muscle .

The final insult , Blanche knew , would be the smile Taczek would sport when released .
the final insult , blanche knew , would be the smile taczek would sport when [freed] .

‘ So who was it who got Taczek released so quickly then ? You ? ’ asked Blanche with a squint of concentration .
‘ so who was it who got taczek [freed] so quickly then ? you ? ’ asked blanche with a squint of concentration .

The man who released Taczek was also the one in Tatyana Nowak 's photograph .
the man who [freed] taczek was also the one in tatyana nowak 's photograph .

He gripped and released his fists again and again , seething with anger , frustration and despair .
he gripped and [freed] his fists again and again , seething with anger , frustration and despair .

Every one of those surveyed had a class , though some were released from part of their teaching duties to undertake other activities .
every one of those surveyed had a class , though some were [freed] from part of their teaching duties to undertake other activities .

Johnny released his hold and frowned horribly .
johnny [freed] his hold and frowned horribly .

He swung his head from side to side like a dangerous animal about to attack , and then abruptly he released his grip .
he swung his head from side to side like a dangerous animal about to attack , and then abruptly he [freed] his grip .

Alexei released the breath he had been holding .
alexei [freed] the breath he had been holding .

Jotan released the dwarf into the hands of the trooper .
jotan [freed] the dwarf into the hands of the trooper .

She released the cat .
she [freed] the cat .

As many as 90 per cent of the persons arrested under these powers are released without charge after having been detained for anything from four hours to seven days .
as many as 90 per cent of the persons arrested under these powers are [freed] without charge after having been detained for anything from four hours to seven days .

Even Jews who had been released from concentration camps on strict condition that they left the Fatherland immediately were obliged to pay for the round trip .
even jews who had been [freed] from concentration camps on strict condition that they left the fatherland immediately were obliged to pay for the round trip .

Under the law a suspect had to be charged within twenty-four hours of arrest or else released .
under the law a suspect had to be charged within twenty-four hours of arrest or else [freed] .

And all day as you climb , the released mind
and all day as you climb , the [freed] mind

Several safety audits had been carried out after an earlier explosion in 1984 , but Occidental , the owners , never released the findings .
several safety audits had been carried out after an earlier explosion in 1984 , but occidental , the owners , never [freed] the findings .

Reconviction figures for prisoners released in 1985 suggest that 55 per cent of men and 34 per cent of women are reconvicted within 2 years .
reconviction figures for prisoners [freed] in 1985 suggest that 55 per cent of men and 34 per cent of women are reconvicted within 2 years .

Subsequently , the three were to be released on the grounds that the statements of King and others had prejudiced their case .
subsequently , the three were to be [freed] on the grounds that the statements of king and others had prejudiced their case .

When complete , there will be 37 three- , four- and five-bedroom detached houses , and the second phase of 10 properties is just about to be released .
when complete , there will be 37 three- , four- and five-bedroom detached houses , and the second phase of 10 properties is just about to be [freed] .

Although just two properties remain for sale at Birse Homes ' Hutton Grange development in Weston-Super-Mare , Avon , the builder promises more bungalows are soon to be released .
although just two properties remain for sale at birse homes ' hutton grange development in weston-super-mare , avon , the builder promises more bungalows are soon to be [freed] .

Energy-efficiency is top of the agenda at Laing Homes ' latest development in Surrey , the soon to be released Woodland Rise on the site of the former Cheam Hospital .
energy-efficiency is top of the agenda at laing homes ' latest development in surrey , the soon to be [freed] woodland rise on the site of the former cheam hospital .

At a time when the political parties have all released bulky documents stuffed full of environmentally-friendly policies , when any washing powder that ca n't say it 's CFC-free and untested on animals and made from biodegradable phosphates is likely to be left on the supermarket shelf , golf 's ‘ green ’ credentials seem pretty strong .
at a time when the political parties have all [freed] bulky documents stuffed full of environmentally-friendly policies , when any washing powder that ca n't say it 's cfc-free and untested on animals and made from biodegradable phosphates is likely to be left on the supermarket shelf , golf 's ‘ green ’ credentials seem pretty strong .

Some plants harbour their scent until late in the day , when it is released in abundance .
some plants harbour their scent until late in the day , when it is [freed] in abundance .

‘ That man will never win another downhill , ’ vowed the Crazy Canuck , Ken Read , who lost his opportunity when his binding released prematurely .
‘ that man will never win another downhill , ’ vowed the crazy canuck , ken read , who lost his opportunity when his binding [freed] prematurely .

It may seem trivial , but it demonstrates the depth of feeling released by the events in the Middle East .
it may seem trivial , but it demonstrates the depth of feeling [freed] by the events in the middle east .

It was exhilarating too , as though possibility had suddenly been released from the grip of necessity and we could imagine the world we wanted .
it was exhilarating too , as though possibility had suddenly been [freed] from the grip of necessity and we could imagine the world we wanted .

Some of the transcripts would be released to the defendants in the trial anyway , because some of the 16 interviewees would be called as witnesses in the criminal trial .
some of the transcripts would be [freed] to the defendants in the trial anyway , because some of the 16 interviewees would be called as witnesses in the criminal trial .

Yet at the time the report was released , the actual company that was used as the basis for the research had been trading for five months and is coping well with a difficult launch period and providing to be highly successful in meeting its targets .
yet at the time the report was [freed] , the actual company that was used as the basis for the research had been trading for five months and is coping well with a difficult launch period and providing to be highly successful in meeting its targets .

Lorraine was in prison for 18 months , and when she was released she not only faced the prospect of rebuilding family life for her children , but also the pressure of having a husband still inside .
lorraine was in prison for 18 months , and when she was [freed] she not only faced the prospect of rebuilding family life for her children , but also the pressure of having a husband still inside .

He hinted that there was a Mandela autobiography , and that it could be published if Mandela were released .
he hinted that there was a mandela autobiography , and that it could be published if mandela were [freed] .

Later , released from the spell of that voice , she was plagued by niggling incredulity . Me ? Me ? Why ? What does he mean by it ? Does he mean anything at all by it ? Why me out of all the other women in Spaxton ?
later , [freed] from the spell of that voice , she was plagued by niggling incredulity . me ? me ? why ? what does he mean by it ? does he mean anything at all by it ? why me out of all the other women in spaxton ?

The inter-war period , then , released a set of environmental issues different from the past ; the new questions were economic , technological and political .
the inter-war period , then , [freed] a set of environmental issues different from the past ; the new questions were economic , technological and political .

Friedrich Hayek , an Austrian economist living in England , issued a seminal warning : full employment , social security and freedom from want could not be had unless they came as by-products of a system that released the free energies of individuals ; furthermore planning created not certainty , but uncertainty .
friedrich hayek , an austrian economist living in england , issued a seminal warning : full employment , social security and freedom from want could not be had unless they came as by-products of a system that [freed] the free energies of individuals ; furthermore planning created not certainty , but uncertainty .

‘ Our people will have released them .
‘ our people will have [freed] them .

’ He released it for her from between the seats .
’ he [freed] it for her from between the seats .

The Jeep fired up and he slipped it into gear , released the clutch and edged it forward .
the jeep fired up and he slipped it into gear , [freed] the clutch and edged it forward .

Want to know if we released it .
want to know if we [freed] it .

How her whole body had seemed to become part of the bow , and how , when the arrow had been released , it was as if part of her had flown through the air towards the distant target .
how her whole body had seemed to become part of the bow , and how , when the arrow had been [freed] , it was as if part of her had flown through the air towards the distant target .

The electricity within that storm is released by lightning .
the electricity within that storm is [freed] by lightning .

Energy was released into the building by a lightning strike .
energy was [freed] into the building by a lightning strike .

Rohmer released his grip around Gilbert 's neck , grasping his face instead so that his jaw clamped shut and further speech was impossible .
rohmer [freed] his grip around gilbert 's neck , grasping his face instead so that his jaw clamped shut and further speech was impossible .

Your daughter will be released within twenty-four hours .
your daughter will be [freed] within twenty-four hours .

‘ Have you released her ? ’
‘ have you [freed] her ? ’

After Sam 's been released , life will revert to normal .
after sam 's been [freed] , life will revert to normal .

Ursula was clinging to the belief that Samantha would soon be released .
ursula was clinging to the belief that samantha would soon be [freed] .

‘ Or just his widow , if his daughter is n't released alive .
‘ or just his widow , if his daughter is n't [freed] alive .

‘ Do n't use them until Sam 's been released or … Well , another few weeks in prison wo n't make much difference to your brother , but it might to my niece .
‘ do n't use them until sam 's been [freed] or … well , another few weeks in prison wo n't make much difference to your brother , but it might to my niece .

Benton , in his terror , released his grip on her waist .
benton , in his terror , [freed] his grip on her waist .

The tension is most frequently released in tears .
the tension is most frequently [freed] in tears .

When prisoners are released and return home , the institutional defences can not easily be given up .
when prisoners are [freed] and return home , the institutional defences can not easily be given up .

( In reality this had already been demonstrated by the JustText composition program but not released . )
( in reality this had already been demonstrated by the justtext composition program but not [freed] . )

Last year Aldus released a training system called PageMaker Classroom which consisted of a video , doctored working version of PageMaker , course material and a load of other goodies for £550 .
last year aldus [freed] a training system called pagemaker classroom which consisted of a video , doctored working version of pagemaker , course material and a load of other goodies for £550 .

‘ They can then be released from Whitely and monitored on our electronic equipment here .
‘ they can then be [freed] from whitely and monitored on our electronic equipment here .

‘ What you mean is , could we , by accident , on three occasions , have released murderers back into society ?
‘ what you mean is , could we , by accident , on three occasions , have [freed] murderers back into society ?

When he finally released his grip , Robinson 's hand felt numb but he managed to hide the discomfort .
when he finally [freed] his grip , robinson 's hand felt numb but he managed to hide the discomfort .

Her eyes closed , she turned her face away , released her hold on my cheekbones and let me go on into the hall .
her eyes closed , she turned her face away , [freed] her hold on my cheekbones and let me go on into the hall .

He was released on 9 June 1860 .
he was [freed] on 9 june 1860 .

Finally released in October 1809 , he returned to England , determined to gain redress .
finally [freed] in october 1809 , he returned to england , determined to gain redress .

In 1293 he was committed to the Tower for a second time , perhaps for misconduct in the service of Queen Eleanor , and only released for a second fine of 1,000 marks .
in 1293 he was committed to the tower for a second time , perhaps for misconduct in the service of queen eleanor , and only [freed] for a second fine of 1,000 marks .

In January 1822 ( Sir ) Robert Peel became home secretary and in October the leader of the Peterloo riot was released from prison .
in january 1822 ( sir ) robert peel became home secretary and in october the leader of the peterloo riot was [freed] from prison .

He was held in the Tower of London and then at Chepstow Castle and was released in 1665 without having been tried , on the understanding that he sailed for Carolina , which gave rise to the belief that he had turned informer .
he was held in the tower of london and then at chepstow castle and was [freed] in 1665 without having been tried , on the understanding that he sailed for carolina , which gave rise to the belief that he had turned informer .

Salmon was imprisoned too , along with Andrew Wyke , and was released on condition that he published a recantation , which appeared in August 1651 under the title Heights in Depths .
salmon was imprisoned too , along with andrew wyke , and was [freed] on condition that he published a recantation , which appeared in august 1651 under the title heights in depths .

Released from prison , Rudd travelled around the country , undertaking surveys and checking information at first hand .
[freed] from prison , rudd travelled around the country , undertaking surveys and checking information at first hand .

He was released in June 1916 but , instead of campaigning for negotiated peace , argued ( now to classes of 1,500 students ) that the revolutionary crux had arrived .
he was [freed] in june 1916 but , instead of campaigning for negotiated peace , argued ( now to classes of 1,500 students ) that the revolutionary crux had arrived .

Released after the armistice , but with health broken by hunger strikes , prone to paranoiac suspicions , and deserted by most of his former colleagues , Maclean fought two last campaigns : in 1919 to prevent allied counter-revolution in the Soviet Union — in concert with Sinn Fein — and in 1920 to create a distinctive Scottish Communist Party .
[freed] after the armistice , but with health broken by hunger strikes , prone to paranoiac suspicions , and deserted by most of his former colleagues , maclean fought two last campaigns : in 1919 to prevent allied counter-revolution in the soviet union — in concert with sinn fein — and in 1920 to create a distinctive scottish communist party .

, favourite of the Yorkshire reformers , against King Stephen 's candidate ; presumably it was Murdac who released him from the suspension he incurred for failing to attend the Council of Reims in March 1148 .
, favourite of the yorkshire reformers , against king stephen 's candidate ; presumably it was murdac who [freed] him from the suspension he incurred for failing to attend the council of reims in march 1148 .

Soon released , Throckmorton was rearrested a few months later because of the involvement of his younger brother , Michael , with Cardinal Reginald Pole [ q.v . ]
soon [freed] , throckmorton was rearrested a few months later because of the involvement of his younger brother , michael , with cardinal reginald pole [ q.v . ]

He was arrested in November 1661 but released after taking the oaths of allegiance and supremacy , which aroused further suspicions of apostasy .
he was arrested in november 1661 but [freed] after taking the oaths of allegiance and supremacy , which aroused further suspicions of apostasy .

In spite of his disappointment Hopkins now felt released from his renunciation of poetry , and a succession of exuberant lyrical celebrations of the natural world followed , including ‘ The Windhover ’ and many of his other best-known poems .
in spite of his disappointment hopkins now felt [freed] from his renunciation of poetry , and a succession of exuberant lyrical celebrations of the natural world followed , including ‘ the windhover ’ and many of his other best-known poems .

From 1915 to 1918 he served as an officer in the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve , and by the time he was released he had been appointed professor of Celtic ( a title later changed to Welsh ) at Cardiff , a post he held until his retirement in 1946 .
from 1915 to 1918 he served as an officer in the royal naval volunteer reserve , and by the time he was [freed] he had been appointed professor of celtic ( a title later changed to welsh ) at cardiff , a post he held until his retirement in 1946 .

The women were released and Martha Simmonds took a job as nurse to Oliver Cromwell 's sister , by which means she secured Nayler 's release .
the women were [freed] and martha simmonds took a job as nurse to oliver cromwell 's sister , by which means she secured nayler 's release .

But he may not have been released from the Tower until 1217 , when his remaining bonds were returned to him and he and the rest of the Jews of Norwich were given letters of royal protection .
but he may not have been [freed] from the tower until 1217 , when his remaining bonds were returned to him and he and the rest of the jews of norwich were given letters of royal protection .

It is probable that he was the young man of that name from Farnham in Lower Nithsdale , Yorkshire , accused of homicide late in John 's reign , who was arrested but later released into the military household of an unnamed Yorkshire magnate .
it is probable that he was the young man of that name from farnham in lower nithsdale , yorkshire , accused of homicide late in john 's reign , who was arrested but later [freed] into the military household of an unnamed yorkshire magnate .

Early in 1909 she was imprisoned in Holloway , but rapidly released when the authorities became aware of her powerful connections .
early in 1909 she was imprisoned in holloway , but rapidly [freed] when the authorities became aware of her powerful connections .

Released in the general amnesty of June 1917 , she converted to Catholicism .
[freed] in the general amnesty of june 1917 , she converted to catholicism .

In June 1916 he was released to join the research department at the Royal Arsenal , Woolwich , working under ( Sir ) Robert Robertson [ q.v . ]
in june 1916 he was [freed] to join the research department at the royal arsenal , woolwich , working under ( sir ) robert robertson [ q.v . ]

Arrested and charged with embezzlement , he was tried at the Old Bailey but was released on his own recognizance of £100 , after making an offer of compensation .
arrested and charged with embezzlement , he was tried at the old bailey but was [freed] on his own recognizance of £100 , after making an offer of compensation .

tells us that he attempted to drown himself en route to the Tower and that he also attempted to dash his brains out while in custody , but he came to no harm and by October had been released and begun paying a fine .
tells us that he attempted to drown himself en route to the tower and that he also attempted to dash his brains out while in custody , but he came to no harm and by october had been [freed] and begun paying a fine .

Breathing in quick , noiseless gasps , he eased the knife from his pocket , and thumbed the press-button that released the blade .
breathing in quick , noiseless gasps , he eased the knife from his pocket , and thumbed the press-button that [freed] the blade .

She had released the parcel containing the pot .
she had [freed] the parcel containing the pot .

This will drive most of the air out of the growing medium and prevent clouds of bubbles and associated debris from being released into the pool .
this will drive most of the air out of the growing medium and prevent clouds of bubbles and associated debris from being [freed] into the pool .

But nothing is proved , so he is released .
but nothing is proved , so he is [freed] .

The police will sort it out , and if they have arrested the boy , then he will be released as soon as they realise the body is not mine , but that of some poor little Dockland tart .
the police will sort it out , and if they have arrested the boy , then he will be [freed] as soon as they realise the body is not mine , but that of some poor little dockland tart .

After death of organisms amino acids in protein are released and the ratio of amino acids can give an indication of relative age .
after death of organisms amino acids in protein are [freed] and the ratio of amino acids can give an indication of relative age .

Subsequently it was suggested ( Hare , 1973 ) that this trend in climatology had been emphasized by three other contributions identified as the micrometeorological method whereby a branch of experimental physics has used experimental techniques to provide physical insights into the nature of the earth 's surface and planetary boundary layers ; the microclimatological method where the techniques of micrometeorological measurement and boundary layer theory together with the related parts of soil physics and plant physiology are applied to exchange and transformation processes over natural surfaces , leading to study of energy transformation at the land surface , water movement upwards and downwards through the soil , and to how carbon dioxide is assimilated during photosynthesis and released during respiration ; and the hydrological method whereby energy exchange during the hydrological cycle was quantified .
subsequently it was suggested ( hare , 1973 ) that this trend in climatology had been emphasized by three other contributions identified as the micrometeorological method whereby a branch of experimental physics has used experimental techniques to provide physical insights into the nature of the earth 's surface and planetary boundary layers ; the microclimatological method where the techniques of micrometeorological measurement and boundary layer theory together with the related parts of soil physics and plant physiology are applied to exchange and transformation processes over natural surfaces , leading to study of energy transformation at the land surface , water movement upwards and downwards through the soil , and to how carbon dioxide is assimilated during photosynthesis and [freed] during respiration ; and the hydrological method whereby energy exchange during the hydrological cycle was quantified .

These plants absorb the carbon dioxide released by the corals and so help to keep the water oxygenated .
these plants absorb the carbon dioxide [freed] by the corals and so help to keep the water oxygenated .

Where there were only a few birds they were carried in the guard 's van and released at the time and place stated on the label .
where there were only a few birds they were carried in the guard 's van and [freed] at the time and place stated on the label .

The Supplementary Benefits Commission ( who then carried out the means assessment in legal aid ) were released from 50,000 assessments a year , but the overall effect was minimal .
the supplementary benefits commission ( who then carried out the means assessment in legal aid ) were [freed] from 50,000 assessments a year , but the overall effect was minimal .

Then he was released , and whooping for air in the moonlight .
then he was [freed] , and whooping for air in the moonlight .

Late last year Cheapside gave a glowing account of Bloomsbury 's 1991 results , but added the proviso that the company had not yet released its full set of accounts .
late last year cheapside gave a glowing account of bloomsbury 's 1991 results , but added the proviso that the company had not yet [freed] its full set of accounts .

Gravitational energy can be released in a different way by the growth of the metallic hydrogen region at the expense of the molecular hydrogen region , because metallic hydrogen at comparable pressures and temperatures is the denser .
gravitational energy can be [freed] in a different way by the growth of the metallic hydrogen region at the expense of the molecular hydrogen region , because metallic hydrogen at comparable pressures and temperatures is the denser .

Similarly in Deux ou trois choses , released in 1966 , the voice-over misdescribes the hair colour and actions of a part-time prostitute .
similarly in deux ou trois choses , [freed] in 1966 , the voice-over misdescribes the hair colour and actions of a part-time prostitute .

It was Cannistraro and his colleagues who also identified this man as an accomplice of the two Libyans arrested at Dakar ( and subsequently released ) who took over from Ahmed Jibril after he asked for Gaddafi 's help .
it was cannistraro and his colleagues who also identified this man as an accomplice of the two libyans arrested at dakar ( and subsequently [freed] ) who took over from ahmed jibril after he asked for gaddafi 's help .

He released Lucien 's wrist and turned his back , lifting his arms over his head , reaching behind him for his shoulders .
he [freed] lucien 's wrist and turned his back , lifting his arms over his head , reaching behind him for his shoulders .

Almost immediately , frenzied barking erupted beyond the door , which to Dauntless sounded like a pack of hellhounds released from sorcerous slumber .
almost immediately , frenzied barking erupted beyond the door , which to dauntless sounded like a pack of hellhounds [freed] from sorcerous slumber .

After that the bottle will undoubtedly have broken or some fool will have accidentally released the spirit .
after that the bottle will undoubtedly have broken or some fool will have accidentally [freed] the spirit .

Without a check , the escapement mechanism allows the hammer to return to its rest position immediately after hitting the string , whether the key is released or not .
without a check , the escapement mechanism allows the hammer to return to its rest position immediately after hitting the string , whether the key is [freed] or not .

Without a check and with no escapement , the hammer remains between its rest position and the string until the key is released .
without a check and with no escapement , the hammer remains between its rest position and the string until the key is [freed] .

The check operates after the hammer has struck the string but before the key is released .
the check operates after the hammer has struck the string but before the key is [freed] .

In a little while the Wheel would be set alight , released from its cradle and allowed to trundle down the slope , gathering momentum .
in a little while the wheel would be set alight , [freed] from its cradle and allowed to trundle down the slope , gathering momentum .

After a second Bert squealed and Ernie released him .
after a second bert squealed and ernie [freed] him .

‘ Oh , Joe , ’ Lucy said sadly as she drew out Chrissie 's knife and , holding it away from herself , released the blade .
‘ oh , joe , ’ lucy said sadly as she drew out chrissie 's knife and , holding it away from herself , [freed] the blade .

Andy Gardner and Ian Dally were released from their normal duties in the Collections Section to assist with the installation of a Powerdialler unit — new technology — which will automate many of the collection routines .
andy gardner and ian dally were [freed] from their normal duties in the collections section to assist with the installation of a powerdialler unit — new technology — which will automate many of the collection routines .

With regard to Branch Security , there are a couple of videos due to be released soon .
with regard to branch security , there are a couple of videos due to be [freed] soon .

It was produced for the Bank of Scotland , Clydesdale Bank as well as ourselves and will be released to branches in Scotland in the near future .
it was produced for the bank of scotland , clydesdale bank as well as ourselves and will be [freed] to branches in scotland in the near future .

The income will be released to profits as deliveries are made .
the income will be [freed] to profits as deliveries are made .

This is also reflected in a soon-to-be released report by the Standing Advisory Committee on Trunk Road Assessment which has spent two years studying new economic techniques of valuing the environment .
this is also reflected in a soon-to-be [freed] report by the standing advisory committee on trunk road assessment which has spent two years studying new economic techniques of valuing the environment .

In return for the settlement , Exxon is released from all past and future civil or criminal claims by the state or federal governments .
in return for the settlement , exxon is [freed] from all past and future civil or criminal claims by the state or federal governments .

Conservationists in Sri Lanka have launched a successful turtle breeding programme which has resulted in 600,000 newly-hatched turtles being released into the Indian Ocean .
conservationists in sri lanka have launched a successful turtle breeding programme which has resulted in 600,000 newly-hatched turtles being [freed] into the indian ocean .

While HCFCs break down much more quickly in the stratosphere and are therefore not as dangerous as CFCs , they will still cause great damage to the ozone layer because of the large amounts being released into the atmosphere , according to the report .
while hcfcs break down much more quickly in the stratosphere and are therefore not as dangerous as cfcs , they will still cause great damage to the ozone layer because of the large amounts being [freed] into the atmosphere , according to the report .

Both of the proposed substitutes , hydrochloroflourocarbons ( HCFCs ) and hydrofluorocarbons ( HFCs ) cause global warming as well as damaging the ozone layer when released into the atmosphere .
both of the proposed substitutes , hydrochloroflourocarbons ( hcfcs ) and hydrofluorocarbons ( hfcs ) cause global warming as well as damaging the ozone layer when [freed] into the atmosphere .

After ten months of pressure from environmental groups , British Gas has released selected details of an internal report on its activities in the tropical rainforest of Ecuador .
after ten months of pressure from environmental groups , british gas has [freed] selected details of an internal report on its activities in the tropical rainforest of ecuador .

Hormones are chemicals that are released in the body and control many important functions such as growth and development , eating , and sexual behaviour .
hormones are chemicals that are [freed] in the body and control many important functions such as growth and development , eating , and sexual behaviour .

Neurotransmitters are chemicals that are released at nerve endings and control the signals between nerves and nerves and muscles .
neurotransmitters are chemicals that are [freed] at nerve endings and control the signals between nerves and nerves and muscles .

This released accumulations of polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) into the bloodstream , which together with hunger , helped weaken the dolphins enough for them to succumb to infections of herpes and distemper .
this [freed] accumulations of polychlorinated biphenyls ( pcbs ) into the bloodstream , which together with hunger , helped weaken the dolphins enough for them to succumb to infections of herpes and distemper .

The report was released at the time of the local elections , for which the Party is putting forward a record number of candidates , contesting fighting one in nine seats .
the report was [freed] at the time of the local elections , for which the party is putting forward a record number of candidates , contesting fighting one in nine seats .

Their latest release is a recording of cantatas by Scarlatti ( Domenico ) with Kate Eckersley , and to be released early in 1991 is their most ambitious venture yet , Purcell 's ode Hail Bright Cecilia .
their latest release is a recording of cantatas by scarlatti ( domenico ) with kate eckersley , and to be [freed] early in 1991 is their most ambitious venture yet , purcell 's ode hail bright cecilia .

The first report to investigate the projected effects of global warming on Britain over the next 40 years has been released by the Department of the Environment .
the first report to investigate the projected effects of global warming on britain over the next 40 years has been [freed] by the department of the environment .

The numbers of new British cars fitted with catalytic converters increased by over 1,000 per cent in 1990 , accounting for 5.4 per cent of the two million cars sold last year , according to figures released by the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders .
the numbers of new british cars fitted with catalytic converters increased by over 1,000 per cent in 1990 , accounting for 5.4 per cent of the two million cars sold last year , according to figures [freed] by the society of motor manufacturers and traders .

As a result , the report claims , dangerously high levels of pollutants such as dioxins , heavy metals , acids and sulphur are being released into the air above major cities .
as a result , the report claims , dangerously high levels of pollutants such as dioxins , heavy metals , acids and sulphur are being [freed] into the air above major cities .

The government has urged environmental scientists to increase co-operation with foreign experts ; it has published the first national Environmental Yearbook ; and released details of an eight-year survey of background radioactivity , which purports to show it as well below international norms .
the government has urged environmental scientists to increase co-operation with foreign experts ; it has published the first national environmental yearbook ; and [freed] details of an eight-year survey of background radioactivity , which purports to show it as well below international norms .

Note 1 on Rule 19.1 ( see para 11.2.1 below ) stipulates that financial advisers are responsible to the Panel for guiding their clients and any relevant public relations advisers with regard to any information released during the course of an offer .
note 1 on rule 19.1 ( see para 11.2.1 below ) stipulates that financial advisers are responsible to the panel for guiding their clients and any relevant public relations advisers with regard to any information [freed] during the course of an offer .

In the case of a hostile bid where the offeror is relying on the element of surprise , the target 's board can expect to receive the minimum of warning before the offeror 's press announcement ( announcing its firm intention to make an offer ) is released .
in the case of a hostile bid where the offeror is relying on the element of surprise , the target 's board can expect to receive the minimum of warning before the offeror 's press announcement ( announcing its firm intention to make an offer ) is [freed] .

9.5 Effect of waiver Each of the Tenant 's covenants shall remain in full force both at law and in equity notwithstanding that the Landlord shall have waived or released temporarily any such covenant or waived or released temporarily or permanently revocably or irrevocably a similar covenant or similar covenants affecting any other part of the Centre or the Adjoining Property This provision is an attempt to circumvent the rather harsh law of waiver , by which a landlord will lose its right to forfeit the lease where a non-continuing breach has occurred if the landlord does some act to suggest that the landlord is nevertheless satisfied to continue the tenancy , eg by accepting rent from the tenant .
9.5 effect of waiver each of the tenant 's covenants shall remain in full force both at law and in equity notwithstanding that the landlord shall have waived or [freed] temporarily any such covenant or waived or [freed] temporarily or permanently revocably or irrevocably a similar covenant or similar covenants affecting any other part of the centre or the adjoining property this provision is an attempt to circumvent the rather harsh law of waiver , by which a landlord will lose its right to forfeit the lease where a non-continuing breach has occurred if the landlord does some act to suggest that the landlord is nevertheless satisfied to continue the tenancy , eg by accepting rent from the tenant .

This is caused by the doctrine of privity of contract by which an original tenant ( or subsequent tenant who has given direct covenants to the landlord ) will remain liable under the covenants in the lease throughout the term ( unless released by the landlord ) and therefore can be called upon to pay back rents or remedy breaches of covenant , where default has occurred .
this is caused by the doctrine of privity of contract by which an original tenant ( or subsequent tenant who has given direct covenants to the landlord ) will remain liable under the covenants in the lease throughout the term ( unless [freed] by the landlord ) and therefore can be called upon to pay back rents or remedy breaches of covenant , where default has occurred .

Subclause 8.1.3 is included as otherwise the guarantor would be released where the tenant surrenders part of the premises .
subclause 8.1.3 is included as otherwise the guarantor would be [freed] where the tenant surrenders part of the premises .

‘ Of course you can drive down and drive back and be back soon , ’ she fumed later when Marc had released them after prolonging his cat-and-mouse game with his brother for as long as possible , ‘ but what 's the point when there is no paper ?
‘ of course you can drive down and drive back and be back soon , ’ she fumed later when marc had [freed] them after prolonging his cat-and-mouse game with his brother for as long as possible , ‘ but what 's the point when there is no paper ?

But he released her and said , ‘ Not very responsive .
but he [freed] her and said , ‘ not very responsive .

’ as if the kiss he had forced from her had been forgotten , he released her and swivelled , abruptly leaving her so that she had to follow like a servant at his heels .
’ as if the kiss he had forced from her had been forgotten , he [freed] her and swivelled , abruptly leaving her so that she had to follow like a servant at his heels .

Peter released his grip on Sarella and stepped forward .
peter [freed] his grip on sarella and stepped forward .

He will invest it while he is in jail , and use it in socially beneficial ways when he is released , while they will spend it on imported luxuries .
he will invest it while he is in jail , and use it in socially beneficial ways when he is [freed] , while they will spend it on imported luxuries .

Someone tapped at the door , and a spasm flickered across his features as she released her breath in a tiny hissing sound .
someone tapped at the door , and a spasm flickered across his features as she [freed] her breath in a tiny hissing sound .

An involuntary shiver ran through her , and as if he was aware of it , something flared briefly in his eyes before he released her .
an involuntary shiver ran through her , and as if he was aware of it , something flared briefly in his eyes before he [freed] her .

Swallowing hard , she released her grip .
swallowing hard , she [freed] her grip .

He released her abruptly , breathing hard .
he [freed] her abruptly , breathing hard .

‘ According to the ancient Greeks , when Zeus wanted to find the centre of the earth , he released one eagle to fly eastwards and another westwards .
‘ according to the ancient greeks , when zeus wanted to find the centre of the earth , he [freed] one eagle to fly eastwards and another westwards .

He released her at once , and Lindsey felt a confusing ache somewhere deep inside her as they finally drove away .
he [freed] her at once , and lindsey felt a confusing ache somewhere deep inside her as they finally drove away .

’ He released a catch , springing open the bonnet , and twisted a metal cap , stepping back as it made a loud hissing sound .
’ he [freed] a catch , springing open the bonnet , and twisted a metal cap , stepping back as it made a loud hissing sound .

Using his handkerchief , he released the cap still further , increasing the jet of steam .
using his handkerchief , he [freed] the cap still further , increasing the jet of steam .

Niall drew a harsh breath and released her .
niall drew a harsh breath and [freed] her .

’ At last he released her .
’ at last he [freed] her .

’ He released her with a sudden , impatient gesture , so that she slumped down gratefully on to the bed .
’ he [freed] her with a sudden , impatient gesture , so that she slumped down gratefully on to the bed .

Guido released her and stepped away , and where there 'd been warmth there was suddenly coldness .
guido [freed] her and stepped away , and where there 'd been warmth there was suddenly coldness .

Then , to her dismay , he released her and glanced quickly at his watch .
then , to her dismay , he [freed] her and glanced quickly at his watch .

As he released her hand and slid his fingers through her hair , drawing her unresisting head towards him , she reached out at last to touch the dark curls at his ear .
as he [freed] her hand and slid his fingers through her hair , drawing her unresisting head towards him , she reached out at last to touch the dark curls at his ear .

By reducing the need to handle a complicated system , time is released from the already tight schedules for pupils to develop skills through a process whereby creative association and opportunities to learn and think are highly valued .
by reducing the need to handle a complicated system , time is [freed] from the already tight schedules for pupils to develop skills through a process whereby creative association and opportunities to learn and think are highly valued .

More commonly , however , one party to the original mortgage is to be released or another party added , and in these cases it is necessary for the mortgagee concerned to be a party to the document ( unless separate deeds of release and covenant are executed ) .
more commonly , however , one party to the original mortgage is to be [freed] or another party added , and in these cases it is necessary for the mortgagee concerned to be a party to the document ( unless separate deeds of release and covenant are executed ) .

It must not be forgotten that if the wife or third party is assuming the mortgage debt , so that the husband is released , the amount of the debt assumed in addition to the cash consideration will be subject to stamp duty ( Stamp Act 1891 , s57 ) .
it must not be forgotten that if the wife or third party is assuming the mortgage debt , so that the husband is [freed] , the amount of the debt assumed in addition to the cash consideration will be subject to stamp duty ( stamp act 1891 , s57 ) .

In such a case , the husband will , if possible , wish to be released by the mortgagee from the future liability under the mortgage rather than rely upon an indemnity from the wife , and although the mortgagee should be aware of the proceedings between the parties by virtue of the notification required to be made to it under r2.59 ( 4 ) of the Family Proceedings Rules 1991 ( see p3 ) , a formal application will doubtless have to be made by the husband for a release .
in such a case , the husband will , if possible , wish to be [freed] by the mortgagee from the future liability under the mortgage rather than rely upon an indemnity from the wife , and although the mortgagee should be aware of the proceedings between the parties by virtue of the notification required to be made to it under r2.59 ( 4 ) of the family proceedings rules 1991 ( see p3 ) , a formal application will doubtless have to be made by the husband for a release .

If the mortgagee will not consent to the husband being released from the mortgage , then the husband will have to be content with an indemnity from the wife ( see Precedents 7 and 8 ) .
if the mortgagee will not consent to the husband being [freed] from the mortgage , then the husband will have to be content with an indemnity from the wife ( see precedents 7 and 8 ) .

It is obviously in the husband 's interest that the mortgagee receives a covenant from the wife to observe and perform the terms of the mortgage as this will put the mortgagee on further notice as to the primary responsibility notwithstanding that the husband is not released .
it is obviously in the husband 's interest that the mortgagee receives a covenant from the wife to observe and perform the terms of the mortgage as this will put the mortgagee on further notice as to the primary responsibility notwithstanding that the husband is not [freed] .

This should have the result that the title deeds will be released by any mortgagee to the wife 's solicitors alone without the consent of the husband .
this should have the result that the title deeds will be [freed] by any mortgagee to the wife 's solicitors alone without the consent of the husband .

If however , the mortgagee is prepared to rely on the wife 's covenant , the husband can be released from liability by the mortgagee , with the wife alone remaining liable .
if however , the mortgagee is prepared to rely on the wife 's covenant , the husband can be [freed] from liability by the mortgagee , with the wife alone remaining liable .

For stamp duty purposes , the consideration is increased to the extent that the husband 's mortgage liability is released although this is not relevant if the transaction falls within s83 Finance Act 1985 ( see further Chapter 2 ) .
for stamp duty purposes , the consideration is increased to the extent that the husband 's mortgage liability is [freed] although this is not relevant if the transaction falls within s83 finance act 1985 ( see further chapter 2 ) .

And then , with a heavy sigh that shuddered through his hard frame , he slowly released her .
and then , with a heavy sigh that shuddered through his hard frame , he slowly [freed] her .

Against all the odds , it had proved to be a happy and companionable day , Ross 's unusually calm , friendly manner towards her having released much of the stresses and strains that had previously left her feeling so tense and nervous .
against all the odds , it had proved to be a happy and companionable day , ross 's unusually calm , friendly manner towards her having [freed] much of the stresses and strains that had previously left her feeling so tense and nervous .

Then as his hand released her wrist and slid round against her back , drawing her even closer so that the warmth of him burned through her , something very strange suddenly happened inside her .
then as his hand [freed] her wrist and slid round against her back , drawing her even closer so that the warmth of him burned through her , something very strange suddenly happened inside her .

As he released her she stumbled to her feet , her face on fire , her heart thumping within her .
as he [freed] her she stumbled to her feet , her face on fire , her heart thumping within her .

The figures have been released on the day the Samaritans mark forty years of listening to the nation 's problems .
the figures have been [freed] on the day the samaritans mark forty years of listening to the nation 's problems .

And in a separate incident a twenty three year old — whose name has n't been released — was found dead in a hotel room in Queen 's Drive this morning .
and in a separate incident a twenty three year old — whose name has n't been [freed] — was found dead in a hotel room in queen 's drive this morning .

The Director of Scotrail says a report recommending electrification of the main Edinburgh Glasgow line will be released next month .
the director of scotrail says a report recommending electrification of the main edinburgh glasgow line will be [freed] next month .

He first became a builder in 1953 , in Communist Czechoslovakia , after being released from three years ' working in the uranium mines of Jachymov as part of a five year prison sentence for political offences .
he first became a builder in 1953 , in communist czechoslovakia , after being [freed] from three years ' working in the uranium mines of jachymov as part of a five year prison sentence for political offences .

With City struggling to defend at set pieces , Strachan again planted a free kick into the penalty area where David Wetherall released Gary Speed whose left foot shot gave Tony Coton no chance .
with city struggling to defend at set pieces , strachan again planted a free kick into the penalty area where david wetherall [freed] gary speed whose left foot shot gave tony coton no chance .

In this figure the flow visualization used the hydrogen bubble technique ( Section 25.4 ) , enabling ‘ dye ’ to be released in initially square patches from a fine wire stretched across the boundary layer perpendicular to the wall .
in this figure the flow visualization used the hydrogen bubble technique ( section 25.4 ) , enabling ‘ dye ’ to be [freed] in initially square patches from a fine wire stretched across the boundary layer perpendicular to the wall .

The special deposits are only released when the Bank of England feels that the time is right to allow credit to expand again .
the special deposits are only [freed] when the bank of england feels that the time is right to allow credit to expand again .

Any unsold bonds ( known as ‘ tap stock ’ ) will then be released on to the market in an orderly way at a price set by the Bank of England .
any unsold bonds ( known as ‘ tap stock ’ ) will then be [freed] on to the market in an orderly way at a price set by the bank of england .

If the government buys back bonds from the Bank of England , the money is not released : it remains retired .
if the government buys back bonds from the bank of england , the money is not [freed] : it remains retired .

All those words he had hoarded for so long and released so grudgingly .
all those words he had hoarded for so long and [freed] so grudgingly .

Wilko has released him to play on Norways current ten day tour to America .
wilko has [freed] him to play on norways current ten day tour to america .

All the information they possessed had probably been got out of them , but if they were released they would simply disappear .
all the information they possessed had probably been got out of them , but if they were [freed] they would simply disappear .

With disturbance the rate is further increased by two or three times and then decreased to comparable levels after 6 months or so , the short-lived increase representing 300–400kg nitrogen released to the site .
with disturbance the rate is further increased by two or three times and then decreased to comparable levels after 6 months or so , the short-lived increase representing 300–400kg nitrogen [freed] to the site .

She released her hair from its restraining band ; it tumbled in heavy red-gold waves past her shoulder-blades , and she shampooed it with her favourite herbal shampoo .
she [freed] her hair from its restraining band ; it tumbled in heavy red-gold waves past her shoulder-blades , and she shampooed it with her favourite herbal shampoo .

‘ You have friends ? ’ She stared meaningfully at the place where his fingers were circling her upper arm , and he made a wry face and released her .
‘ you have friends ? ’ she stared meaningfully at the place where his fingers were circling her upper arm , and he made a wry face and [freed] her .

They were silently wrestling now , in the middle of the crowded exhibition hall , and it was n't until a clipped , flat drawl spoke behind her that Mortimer 's vice-like grip was abruptly released from her wrists .
they were silently wrestling now , in the middle of the crowded exhibition hall , and it was n't until a clipped , flat drawl spoke behind her that mortimer 's vice-like grip was abruptly [freed] from her wrists .

He 'd released her , now .
he 'd [freed] her , now .

He released his grip on her shoulders , his eyes hardening .
he [freed] his grip on her shoulders , his eyes hardening .

It was a long time before Guy released his fierce hold on her , and reluctantly thrust her away from him .
it was a long time before guy [freed] his fierce hold on her , and reluctantly thrust her away from him .

The colour heightened then receded in her face , and she released him , sat back , startled .
the colour heightened then receded in her face , and she [freed] him , sat back , startled .

From behind them came an angry gasp and , as Robert quickly released her , Sophie saw Dawn , her green eyes blazing with fury .
from behind them came an angry gasp and , as robert quickly [freed] her , sophie saw dawn , her green eyes blazing with fury .

She watched nervously as he bent down and pushed gently at the huge mouth , and gradually , reluctantly , he was released .
she watched nervously as he bent down and pushed gently at the huge mouth , and gradually , reluctantly , he was [freed] .

He drew a sharp , hissing breath and released her abruptly , while tears of bitterness filled her eyes .
he drew a sharp , hissing breath and [freed] her abruptly , while tears of bitterness filled her eyes .

He laughed and released her , sitting back . ‘ So what 's wrong ? ’
he laughed and [freed] her , sitting back . ‘ so what 's wrong ? ’

Luce released the breath she 'd been holding . ‘ So you were following me that first night , and you were in the Piazzale Roma to — ’
luce [freed] the breath she 'd been holding . ‘ so you were following me that first night , and you were in the piazzale roma to — ’

Luce released her breath in a sigh .
luce [freed] her breath in a sigh .

She gave a little gasp , and he released it .
she gave a little gasp , and he [freed] it .

Penry 's fingers bit into her flesh cruelly for a moment , then his face drained of expression as he released her .
penry 's fingers bit into her flesh cruelly for a moment , then his face drained of expression as he [freed] her .

Penry released her hand to turn her face up to his .
penry [freed] her hand to turn her face up to his .

He slowly released her , and she lay against his arm , against the soft needlecord jacket .
he slowly [freed] her , and she lay against his arm , against the soft needlecord jacket .

’ He released her hand , lifting her chin with his finger , his gaze moving over her face , finally meeting her own .
’ he [freed] her hand , lifting her chin with his finger , his gaze moving over her face , finally meeting her own .

He slowly released her , looking deep into her eyes .
he slowly [freed] her , looking deep into her eyes .

Slowly he released her , and gently covered her again .
slowly he [freed] her , and gently covered her again .

Then he gently released her .
then he gently [freed] her .

‘ Your father 's being released from hospital at lunchtime , ’ Damian drawled .
‘ your father 's being [freed] from hospital at lunchtime , ’ damian drawled .

His mouth tightened but he released her wrist , eyes glittering , and she ran up the stairs , into her bedroom , slammed the door , locked it , then knew with a terrible deep certainty that she had run from her own desire .
his mouth tightened but he [freed] her wrist , eyes glittering , and she ran up the stairs , into her bedroom , slammed the door , locked it , then knew with a terrible deep certainty that she had run from her own desire .

He drew a harsh breath , muttered something under his breath , then looked away and released her , getting off the bed in those dark blue trousers , his chest bare , thrusting his hands into his pockets , his back to her while she sat up and fumbled to rearrange her clothes , tears falling silently over her cheeks .
he drew a harsh breath , muttered something under his breath , then looked away and [freed] her , getting off the bed in those dark blue trousers , his chest bare , thrusting his hands into his pockets , his back to her while she sat up and fumbled to rearrange her clothes , tears falling silently over her cheeks .

His mouth tightened and he released her with a shove , raking a hand through his black hair .
his mouth tightened and he [freed] her with a shove , raking a hand through his black hair .

When the dance ended , he released her without a word and moved away to talk to his mother and sister , who had been crying passionately in the church as they watched Damian become Rachel 's husband .
when the dance ended , he [freed] her without a word and moved away to talk to his mother and sister , who had been crying passionately in the church as they watched damian become rachel 's husband .

He released her wrists .
he [freed] her wrists .

’ Damian released Tony with a violent shove , strode to Rachel , caught her by the shoulders , his face fierce .
’ damian [freed] tony with a violent shove , strode to rachel , caught her by the shoulders , his face fierce .

He released her suddenly , turning to walk to the french windows , his hands thrust in grey trouser pockets , and stood there in that open doorway , framed by the heat and dust and the glittering ocean beyond the balcony .
he [freed] her suddenly , turning to walk to the french windows , his hands thrust in grey trouser pockets , and stood there in that open doorway , framed by the heat and dust and the glittering ocean beyond the balcony .

’ she moaned , when he released her mouth from his , but delighted in his touch when he traced feather-light kisses down her throat and to the low neckline of her nightdress .
’ she moaned , when he [freed] her mouth from his , but delighted in his touch when he traced feather-light kisses down her throat and to the low neckline of her nightdress .

When at last he touched her there , all the longing pent-up within her released itself in a single hoarse cry , and she thrust her fingers into his hair , pulling his head back to hers , her lips parting in an invitation that needed no words .
when at last he touched her there , all the longing pent-up within her [freed] itself in a single hoarse cry , and she thrust her fingers into his hair , pulling his head back to hers , her lips parting in an invitation that needed no words .

Bernie and her father had each , in their own way , released her from the weight of obligation , setting her free to choose her own path .
bernie and her father had each , in their own way , [freed] her from the weight of obligation , setting her free to choose her own path .

Three months gave her time to give notice on her present job , and , with luck , have funds released from her grandfather 's estate , the mortgage secured , and , hopefully , the sale of the flat completed .
three months gave her time to give notice on her present job , and , with luck , have funds [freed] from her grandfather 's estate , the mortgage secured , and , hopefully , the sale of the flat completed .

Jack Lawrence released her hand and turned to Ben .
jack lawrence [freed] her hand and turned to ben .

Why had she left ? She should have stayed with him , told him she wanted to understand , held him in her arms while he released the terrible pain she had sensed inside him .
why had she left ? she should have stayed with him , told him she wanted to understand , held him in her arms while he [freed] the terrible pain she had sensed inside him .

He had released the pressure of his emotions in the only way a society built on a stiff upper lip had left him — but his control over his real feelings had remained even then .
he had [freed] the pressure of his emotions in the only way a society built on a stiff upper lip had left him — but his control over his real feelings had remained even then .

She whimpered and shifted against him , and instantly he released her and straightened away from her with a ragged sigh .
she whimpered and shifted against him , and instantly he [freed] her and straightened away from her with a ragged sigh .

He released her and stood back , eyeing her thoughtfully . ‘ You really are cross , are n't you ? ’
he [freed] her and stood back , eyeing her thoughtfully . ‘ you really are cross , are n't you ? ’

Mortified , she released her death-grip on his waist and tried hard to relax her legs .
mortified , she [freed] her death-grip on his waist and tried hard to relax her legs .

She was released instantly .
she was [freed] instantly .

For an instant his fingers tightened on her flesh before he released her and turned to refold the map .
for an instant his fingers tightened on her flesh before he [freed] her and turned to refold the map .

She released her breath , and with it went the tension her body had been locked in .
she [freed] her breath , and with it went the tension her body had been locked in .

’ he swore softly , and released her .
’ he swore softly , and [freed] her .

Suddenly aware of what he was doing , he released her .
suddenly aware of what he was doing , he [freed] her .

Paige released a shaky breath .
paige [freed] a shaky breath .

Travis released her hand finally .
travis [freed] her hand finally .

Paige , released from her duties , stepped out of the house into the oppressive humidity of a looming tropical storm .
paige , [freed] from her duties , stepped out of the house into the oppressive humidity of a looming tropical storm .

She released the straps and took a hold of him .
she [freed] the straps and took a hold of him .

She released a sigh .
she [freed] a sigh .

When an earthquake occurs the energy released is transmitted in wave form in all directions .
when an earthquake occurs the energy [freed] is transmitted in wave form in all directions .

In most cases they are formed through the recombination of silica , alumina and metal cations released during weathering into layered phyllosilicate-type structures ( Fig .
in most cases they are formed through the recombination of silica , alumina and metal cations [freed] during weathering into layered phyllosilicate-type structures ( fig .

Where leaching is of only moderate intensity , cations released during weathering can build up in the solutions moving through the weathering mantle and the formation of cation-bearing clays such as illite and smectite is favoured .
where leaching is of only moderate intensity , cations [freed] during weathering can build up in the solutions moving through the weathering mantle and the formation of cation-bearing clays such as illite and smectite is favoured .

These include surface and soil waters containing cations released during bedrock weathering which have subsequently been concentrated by evaporation , precipitation with a high salt content ( especially in regions near coasts ) , saline ground waters and saline deposits blown inland from the coast or originating in inland saline basins .
these include surface and soil waters containing cations [freed] during bedrock weathering which have subsequently been concentrated by evaporation , precipitation with a high salt content ( especially in regions near coasts ) , saline ground waters and saline deposits blown inland from the coast or originating in inland saline basins .

If the Census Offices are satisfied that the 1991 sample has not been misused , then a similar dataset may be released from the 1981 Census .
if the census offices are satisfied that the 1991 sample has not been misused , then a similar dataset may be [freed] from the 1981 census .

The experience of storing and distributing the 1991 Census datasets has taught some valuable lessons , which will be useful if data from future Censuses is released on a similar basis .
the experience of storing and distributing the 1991 census datasets has taught some valuable lessons , which will be useful if data from future censuses is [freed] on a similar basis .

In particular , software and support should take account of the possible need to emend the data after it has been released .
in particular , software and support should take account of the possible need to emend the data after it has been [freed] .

Management accounts , trade secrets of the business , plans or opportunities for the future can not be released without the approval of the vendor .
management accounts , trade secrets of the business , plans or opportunities for the future can not be [freed] without the approval of the vendor .

Newco will insist that all charges are removed and all guarantees released .
newco will insist that all charges are removed and all guarantees [freed] .

Normal arrangements are for the purchaser to be entitled to the interest on the monies subsequently released to it from the retention accounts .
normal arrangements are for the purchaser to be entitled to the interest on the monies subsequently [freed] to it from the retention accounts .

The other main issue will be defining the precise circumstances when part or all of the retention is released to the purchaser .
the other main issue will be defining the precise circumstances when part or all of the retention is [freed] to the purchaser .

The retention will normally be released to satisfy a claim against the vendor .
the retention will normally be [freed] to satisfy a claim against the vendor .

Governments are attempting to devise safeguards to minimise the risks of genetic pollution when `` genetically modified organisms `` ( GMOs ) are released into the environment .
governments are attempting to devise safeguards to minimise the risks of genetic pollution when `` genetically modified organisms `` ( gmos ) are [freed] into the environment .

Under the new plan , 15 wolves are to be released annually at three sites for up to five years , in the hope that they will breed to form a sustainable population .
under the new plan , 15 wolves are to be [freed] annually at three sites for up to five years , in the hope that they will breed to form a sustainable population .

Damage to wildlife was far less than at first feared thanks to the rare combination of fierce wind and waves , the fact that the light crude was released slowly and heavy rain .
damage to wildlife was far less than at first feared thanks to the rare combination of fierce wind and waves , the fact that the light crude was [freed] slowly and heavy rain .

According to President Yeltsin 's environmental adviser , a total of one million tonnes of pollutants were released into the air last year — equivalent to 130 kg per person .
according to president yeltsin 's environmental adviser , a total of one million tonnes of pollutants were [freed] into the air last year — equivalent to 130 kg per person .

According to information released by the Russian government , between 1968 and 1982 the Soviet navy dumped 13 spent nuclear reactors and thousands of barrels of radioactive waste in the area .
according to information [freed] by the russian government , between 1968 and 1982 the soviet navy dumped 13 spent nuclear reactors and thousands of barrels of radioactive waste in the area .

This released a cocktail of dust and chemicals into the atmosphere , destroying the nitrous oxides which under normal conditions help protect the ozone layer itself from destruction . ``
this [freed] a cocktail of dust and chemicals into the atmosphere , destroying the nitrous oxides which under normal conditions help protect the ozone layer itself from destruction . ``

The Polish central statistical office has released data on the level of pollution in the country .
the polish central statistical office has [freed] data on the level of pollution in the country .

If the Indian population of the Siberian crane does become extinct , then captive-bred Siberian birds will be released into the Common crane 's breeding grounds , in the hope that they will be guided back to India when the Common cranes migrate .
if the indian population of the siberian crane does become extinct , then captive-bred siberian birds will be [freed] into the common crane 's breeding grounds , in the hope that they will be guided back to india when the common cranes migrate .

No radiation was released as a result .
no radiation was [freed] as a result .

Bogs accumulate carbon for thousands of years ; trees may accumulate carbon more rapidly for perhaps 100 years , but the carbon will be released when the timber is harvested .
bogs accumulate carbon for thousands of years ; trees may accumulate carbon more rapidly for perhaps 100 years , but the carbon will be [freed] when the timber is harvested .

New research into the effects of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster in 1986 reveal that more radioactivity may have been released than originally thought .
new research into the effects of the chernobyl nuclear disaster in 1986 reveal that more radioactivity may have been [freed] than originally thought .

This would have resulted in more radioactive material being released .
this would have resulted in more radioactive material being [freed] .

Alexander Burovoi , head of the permanent team researching the accident , and Alexander Sich of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , estimate that at least 35 per cent of the radiocaesium and 50 per cent of the iodine in the reactor core was released : twice or three times the estimates released by the Soviet authorities in 1986 .
alexander burovoi , head of the permanent team researching the accident , and alexander sich of the massachusetts institute of technology , estimate that at least 35 per cent of the radiocaesium and 50 per cent of the iodine in the reactor core was [freed] : twice or three times the estimates [freed] by the soviet authorities in 1986 .

The explosion , on 6 April , contaminated 120 square kilometres of forest near the city of Tomsk , but the Russian Atomic Energy Ministry said that the amount of plutonium released was `` negligible `` .
the explosion , on 6 april , contaminated 120 square kilometres of forest near the city of tomsk , but the russian atomic energy ministry said that the amount of plutonium [freed] was `` negligible `` .

Yablokov estimated that it would cost `` several tens of millions of dollars `` simply to assess how much radiation was being released from submerged waste .
yablokov estimated that it would cost `` several tens of millions of dollars `` simply to assess how much radiation was being [freed] from submerged waste .

The government also released a study which showed that planning policies which reduced the need for people to travel could cut pollution and fuel consumption by up to 15 per cent over the next 20 years . ``
the government also [freed] a study which showed that planning policies which reduced the need for people to travel could cut pollution and fuel consumption by up to 15 per cent over the next 20 years . ``

The biological diversity of both flora and fauna in Ukraine is in decline , according to the figures released by the Ministry of Environmental Protection .
the biological diversity of both flora and fauna in ukraine is in decline , according to the figures [freed] by the ministry of environmental protection .

Less than a month before the explosion , an accident at Hoechst released 10 tonnes of potentially carcinogenic chemicals into the air over a Frankfurt suburb , leading to calls for evacuation of the area .
less than a month before the explosion , an accident at hoechst [freed] 10 tonnes of potentially carcinogenic chemicals into the air over a frankfurt suburb , leading to calls for evacuation of the area .

But after discussions involving diplomats from several countries , the authorities released the crew and the ship nine days later .
but after discussions involving diplomats from several countries , the authorities [freed] the crew and the ship nine days later .

Two major accidents at Chelyabinsk-65 and decades of dumping of radioactive waste have released 140 curies of radiation , compared to the 50 million-80 million released by the Chernobyl disaster in 1986 .
two major accidents at chelyabinsk-65 and decades of dumping of radioactive waste have [freed] 140 curies of radiation , compared to the 50 million-80 million [freed] by the chernobyl disaster in 1986 .

Sixteen parrots were released in the pine forests of the Chiricahua mountains early this year .
sixteen parrots were [freed] in the pine forests of the chiricahua mountains early this year .

The report , leaked to Friends of the Earth ( FoE ) , contradicts the claim made in the government White Paper on the environment released last year that a great deal had been done `` to maintain and improve the quality of our rivers `` .
the report , leaked to friends of the earth ( foe ) , contradicts the claim made in the government white paper on the environment [freed] last year that a great deal had been done `` to maintain and improve the quality of our rivers `` .

The annual burning of the Amazon Forest is likely to be the worst ever , according to data based on air and satellite surveys released by Friends of the Earth .
the annual burning of the amazon forest is likely to be the worst ever , according to data based on air and satellite surveys [freed] by friends of the earth .

Salt water would be pumped to the top and released to fall as artificial rain , meeting hot air rising from openings at the bottom .
salt water would be pumped to the top and [freed] to fall as artificial rain , meeting hot air rising from openings at the bottom .

The study shows that although large amounts of hydrogen chloride are released during some volcanic eruptions , this is effectively washed out in the rain that invariably accompanies an eruption .
the study shows that although large amounts of hydrogen chloride are [freed] during some volcanic eruptions , this is effectively washed out in the rain that invariably accompanies an eruption .

At the same time , Greenpeace released the results of an opinion poll which showed that six out of ten of those questioned wanted the government to give greater priority to renewable-energy projects as part of the effort to counter the greenhouse effect .
at the same time , greenpeace [freed] the results of an opinion poll which showed that six out of ten of those questioned wanted the government to give greater priority to renewable-energy projects as part of the effort to counter the greenhouse effect .

Greenpeace released it after the department decided not to publish it .
greenpeace [freed] it after the department decided not to publish it .

Its author , Roger Sedjo , argues that new temperate forests are absorbing at least 700 million tonnes a year , compared to the 1,000 million tonnes released annually as a result of tropical forest loss .
its author , roger sedjo , argues that new temperate forests are absorbing at least 700 million tonnes a year , compared to the 1,000 million tonnes [freed] annually as a result of tropical forest loss .

An annual total of 11 tonnes of greenhouse gases are released for each Australian .
an annual total of 11 tonnes of greenhouse gases are [freed] for each australian .

They were released when the terms of the review were found acceptable .
they were [freed] when the terms of the review were found acceptable .

Active chlorine is released during the cold winter months and reacts with ozone in spring , triggered by the arrival of more sunlight .
active chlorine is [freed] during the cold winter months and reacts with ozone in spring , triggered by the arrival of more sunlight .

Nelson Mandela and other political leaders have been released from prison .
nelson mandela and other political leaders have been [freed] from prison .

She was released suddenly . ``
she was [freed] suddenly . ``

They were completely carefree , seventeen and eighteen years old , released from irksome school , not yet burdened with adult responsibility .
they were completely carefree , seventeen and eighteen years old , [freed] from irksome school , not yet burdened with adult responsibility .

For scientific and technological progress released forces of destruction in equal measure to forces of production .
for scientific and technological progress [freed] forces of destruction in equal measure to forces of production .

Industrial capitalism released productive forces in an exponential curve : that much was clear to Engels before the end of the nineteenth century .
industrial capitalism [freed] productive forces in an exponential curve : that much was clear to engels before the end of the nineteenth century .

The discredited Balliol was eventually released from his comfortable English captivity after an appeal from the Pope , and passed the rest of his days on his ancestral estate at Bailleul in France .
the discredited balliol was eventually [freed] from his comfortable english captivity after an appeal from the pope , and passed the rest of his days on his ancestral estate at bailleul in france .

What we were n't trying to say is that we make no contribution to the greenhouse effect … [ but ] to say that making Andrex from virgin fibre instead of waste causes less carbon dioxide to be released to the atmosphere .
what we were n't trying to say is that we make no contribution to the greenhouse effect … [ but ] to say that making andrex from virgin fibre instead of waste causes less carbon dioxide to be [freed] to the atmosphere .

Of the 49 released , six have been found dead .
of the 49 [freed] , six have been found dead .

Once men were released from trying to defend them as scientific documents they were able to listen to what the text was actually saying .
once men were [freed] from trying to defend them as scientific documents they were able to listen to what the text was actually saying .

On the Day of Atonement the high priest confessed the sins of the whole community before the scapegoat was released ( Leviticus 16:21 ) .
on the day of atonement the high priest confessed the sins of the whole community before the scapegoat was [freed] ( leviticus 16:21 ) .

Each large egg remains attached to the stem at the top , while the smaller microscopic sperms are released into water and wriggle their way to fertilise it .
each large egg remains attached to the stem at the top , while the smaller microscopic sperms are [freed] into water and wriggle their way to fertilise it .

These emerge and are released into water as tadpoles .
these emerge and are [freed] into water as tadpoles .

He said , squirming , ‘ Let me go , Carrie , let me go , rotten beast , ’ ’ and she laughed and released him and turned to the window …
he said , squirming , ‘ let me go , carrie , let me go , rotten beast , ’ ’ and she laughed and [freed] him and turned to the window …

The only advantage of illness , as far as Eliot was concerned , was that it released him from the general round of works and days — it was , he used to say , his body 's way of telling him to stop — and during periods of ill health such as this one he seemed better able to write .
the only advantage of illness , as far as eliot was concerned , was that it [freed] him from the general round of works and days — it was , he used to say , his body 's way of telling him to stop — and during periods of ill health such as this one he seemed better able to write .

But he had become , in one sense , a `` star `` of both stage and screen since , the year before , Murder in the Cathedral had been released in its cinematic version .
but he had become , in one sense , a `` star `` of both stage and screen since , the year before , murder in the cathedral had been [freed] in its cinematic version .

There was , `` she said , a little boy in him that had never been released .
there was , `` she said , a little boy in him that had never been [freed] .

Pound had been released from confinement in April 1958 , largely as a result of Eliot 's collaboration with Robert Frost and Archibald MacLeish in petitioning the American government , but his exhilaration at his new freedom did not last very long .
pound had been [freed] from confinement in april 1958 , largely as a result of eliot 's collaboration with robert frost and archibald macleish in petitioning the american government , but his exhilaration at his new freedom did not last very long .

And she was right there , too , but Clara was beyond the rights and wrongs of the case , blissfully carried away into the angry , amoral world of combat , wonderfully disconnected from truth and falsehood , freed from gratitude by meanness , released from effort by knowledge of fruitless impossibility .
and she was right there , too , but clara was beyond the rights and wrongs of the case , blissfully carried away into the angry , amoral world of combat , wonderfully disconnected from truth and falsehood , freed from gratitude by meanness , [freed] from effort by knowledge of fruitless impossibility .

Then he released it , and took a hold of her knee .
then he [freed] it , and took a hold of her knee .

She did not much like his way of kissing , for it was hot and suffocating , and she was glad when he stopped , and released her , and reverted to his grip upon her knee .
she did not much like his way of kissing , for it was hot and suffocating , and she was glad when he stopped , and [freed] her , and reverted to his grip upon her knee .

He had been finally released after thirty-six hours .
he had been finally [freed] after thirty-six hours .

Some women , on the other hand , freed by the menopause from fears of unwanted childbirth , interruption of sexual life by menstrual periods and what they have seen to be slavery to the body in this respect , have always found themselves to be sexually released by the climacteric and have enjoyed sex more afterwards .
some women , on the other hand , freed by the menopause from fears of unwanted childbirth , interruption of sexual life by menstrual periods and what they have seen to be slavery to the body in this respect , have always found themselves to be sexually [freed] by the climacteric and have enjoyed sex more afterwards .

He released her , held her on the shoulders for a moment and quickly turned away .
he [freed] her , held her on the shoulders for a moment and quickly turned away .

( ii ) The sequence in which pieces of information are released is only part of what is odd about this way of putting things .
( ii ) the sequence in which pieces of information are [freed] is only part of what is odd about this way of putting things .

The Professors looked unblinkingly at all possibilities ; we may be glad that : " It is highly improbable that by 1985 chemical gases will be released through the school ventilating systems to keep pupils and teachers , with or without their knowledge , alert during formal school sessions. " ( op. cit. : 55 )
the professors looked unblinkingly at all possibilities ; we may be glad that : " it is highly improbable that by 1985 chemical gases will be [freed] through the school ventilating systems to keep pupils and teachers , with or without their knowledge , alert during formal school sessions. " ( op. cit. : 55 )

The elections of 1906 and 1910 had shown the danger to the Unionist party from a Liberal-Labour alliance on class lines ; the budget of 1909 had shown how far that alliance might threaten the social base on which Unionism itself rested ; and the encroachments of the syndicalists suggested that there might be dangerous forces yet to be released .
the elections of 1906 and 1910 had shown the danger to the unionist party from a liberal-labour alliance on class lines ; the budget of 1909 had shown how far that alliance might threaten the social base on which unionism itself rested ; and the encroachments of the syndicalists suggested that there might be dangerous forces yet to be [freed] .

There would , therefore be this degree of uncertainty At about the actual time at which the radiation was released .
there would , therefore be this degree of uncertainty at about the actual time at which the radiation was [freed] .

In South Africa , Mandela has been released .
in south africa , mandela has been [freed] .

What a cooker … what a mega-stonking , super-scrummy corker ! Emlyn Hughes International Soccer is the best footie game ever released on the Commodore , and we 've got a special version of it just for you !
what a cooker … what a mega-stonking , super-scrummy corker ! emlyn hughes international soccer is the best footie game ever [freed] on the commodore , and we 've got a special version of it just for you !

Last minute news … Emlyn Hughes International Soccer is about to be released on the Touchdown label for the rather reasonable price of just £3.99 .
last minute news … emlyn hughes international soccer is about to be [freed] on the touchdown label for the rather reasonable price of just £3.99 .

If you let go of it before the fire button is released , the ball is kicked at an angle of about 20 degrees to the direction of travel — ideal for shots at goal .
if you let go of it before the fire button is [freed] , the ball is kicked at an angle of about 20 degrees to the direction of travel — ideal for shots at goal .

Originally released by Commodore themselves on cartridge back in 1983 !
originally [freed] by commodore themselves on cartridge back in 1983 !

Released to coincide with the World Cup and totally outshone the official football licence , Italia '90 .
[freed] to coincide with the world cup and totally outshone the official football licence , italia '90 .

The real team improved dramatically after this was released ( maybe the players practised on it ! )
the real team improved dramatically after this was [freed] ( maybe the players practised on it ! )

Remember the spate of Sinbad movies released in the 1970s ?
remember the spate of sinbad movies [freed] in the 1970s ?

Now Sega have released Arabian Fight , and ancient Eastern tale of truth , justice and the search for a beautiful princess ( makes it worth every bruise and sword slash ) .
now sega have [freed] arabian fight , and ancient eastern tale of truth , justice and the search for a beautiful princess ( makes it worth every bruise and sword slash ) .

Having released a highly successful book of Russian posters the renowned publisher Aurora , which publishes books for export , does not know what to do with the rich reserve of editorial material it has accumulated over recent years , and it has been forced to sell transparencies and texts .
having [freed] a highly successful book of russian posters the renowned publisher aurora , which publishes books for export , does not know what to do with the rich reserve of editorial material it has accumulated over recent years , and it has been forced to sell transparencies and texts .

Cardiff allrounder Sam Kirnon , 29 , who also made his Glamorgan debut in that match , has been released by the county by mutual consent .
cardiff allrounder sam kirnon , 29 , who also made his glamorgan debut in that match , has been [freed] by the county by mutual consent .

The three-year-old was released after a night in hospital .
the three-year-old was [freed] after a night in hospital .

Travelling Cloudburst , a video celebrating the 100th anniversary of the birth of Martin Niemoller , the German theologian , has been released .
travelling cloudburst , a video celebrating the 100th anniversary of the birth of martin niemoller , the german theologian , has been [freed] .

Released from the constraints of both shareholders and any market , managers are free to become public servants , ‘ a purely neutral technocracy , balancing a variety of claims by various groups in the community and assigning to each a portion of the income stream on the basis of public policy rather than private cupidity ’ .
[freed] from the constraints of both shareholders and any market , managers are free to become public servants , ‘ a purely neutral technocracy , balancing a variety of claims by various groups in the community and assigning to each a portion of the income stream on the basis of public policy rather than private cupidity ’ .

Another series has just been released on videocassette the Films of Charles and Ray Eames .
another series has just been [freed] on videocassette the films of charles and ray eames .

Whether this new investigation has been ordered partly as a response to the assertions made by the New York firm of O'Toole-Ewald Arts Associates , whose services Goldreyer engaged just after the first report was released by the Rijswijk laboratories , is not certain .
whether this new investigation has been ordered partly as a response to the assertions made by the new york firm of o'toole-ewald arts associates , whose services goldreyer engaged just after the first report was [freed] by the rijswijk laboratories , is not certain .

Although the exhibition 's concept and list of artists were publicly released by María Corral at congressional hearings in March , viewers were disappointed by its limited historical scope .
although the exhibition 's concept and list of artists were publicly [freed] by maría corral at congressional hearings in march , viewers were disappointed by its limited historical scope .

After some initial cautious optimism over Christie 's and Sotheby 's annual figures released in June , more recent results have indicated the grave difficulties the major houses are still facing .
after some initial cautious optimism over christie 's and sotheby 's annual figures [freed] in june , more recent results have indicated the grave difficulties the major houses are still facing .

Tobacco smoke contains thousands of different chemicals which are released into the air as particles and gases .
tobacco smoke contains thousands of different chemicals which are [freed] into the air as particles and gases .

Tobacco smoke is highly complex and contains thousands of chemicals which are released into the air as particles and gases .
tobacco smoke is highly complex and contains thousands of chemicals which are [freed] into the air as particles and gases .

One of these possible signals is a panic attack when adrenalin is released into the blood stream and an acute anxiety spiral may then be set into effect .
one of these possible signals is a panic attack when adrenalin is [freed] into the blood stream and an acute anxiety spiral may then be set into effect .

Second , as the tension is released and the muscles go limp they become effectively dead weight hanging upon the bones of the skeleton .
second , as the tension is [freed] and the muscles go limp they become effectively dead weight hanging upon the bones of the skeleton .

As each tensing exercise is released feel the heaviness develop in that muscle group .
as each tensing exercise is [freed] feel the heaviness develop in that muscle group .

Research has shown that hormones are released during exercise which act as natural anti-depressants ( endomorphines ) .
research has shown that hormones are [freed] during exercise which act as natural anti-depressants ( endomorphines ) .

The salerooms have not seen such a fine private collection sold since the great suite of sales at Sotheby 's in the 1970s ( the William Goodwin Renwick collection from America , arms released from the Saxon Royal Armouries at Dresden , and the smaller but comparable Gewehrkammer of the Counts von Giech ) .
the salerooms have not seen such a fine private collection sold since the great suite of sales at sotheby 's in the 1970s ( the william goodwin renwick collection from america , arms [freed] from the saxon royal armouries at dresden , and the smaller but comparable gewehrkammer of the counts von giech ) .

Occasionally the nature of a story is such that it must not be released before a certain date .
occasionally the nature of a story is such that it must not be [freed] before a certain date .

If as a member you wish to participate would you please write to Convocation Office ( address on back page ) , giving permission for your name and address to be released to enquirers .
if as a member you wish to participate would you please write to convocation office ( address on back page ) , giving permission for your name and address to be [freed] to enquirers .

The theme of the new booklet , released on 28th January , is Memories , and it includes a set of colourful greetings labels .
the theme of the new booklet , [freed] on 28th january , is memories , and it includes a set of colourful greetings labels .

Winder et al ( 1978 ) demonstrated that physical training decreased the amount of catecholamines released in humans , but it is not clear whether myometrial bloodflow is affected more than cotyledon bloodflow .
winder et al ( 1978 ) demonstrated that physical training decreased the amount of catecholamines [freed] in humans , but it is not clear whether myometrial bloodflow is affected more than cotyledon bloodflow .

After harvesting most of the crop is stored in large storage buildings and gradually , over the winter and spring months , the potatoes are graded and released for sale .
after harvesting most of the crop is stored in large storage buildings and gradually , over the winter and spring months , the potatoes are graded and [freed] for sale .

If , when the jury returns a verdict of murder , the Judge has no option but to pass a sentence of imprisonment for life , it will rest with the Home Secretary to decide when the prisoner shall be released on licence .
if , when the jury returns a verdict of murder , the judge has no option but to pass a sentence of imprisonment for life , it will rest with the home secretary to decide when the prisoner shall be [freed] on licence .

In some cases longer detention would be requisite , and there may from time to time be murderers who can never be released .
in some cases longer detention would be requisite , and there may from time to time be murderers who can never be [freed] .

For purposes of prison administration it is essential that the cases where the prisoner is never released should be exceptional and that there should be maintained amongst those serving life sentences a general hope of release and consequent incentive to good behaviour .
for purposes of prison administration it is essential that the cases where the prisoner is never [freed] should be exceptional and that there should be maintained amongst those serving life sentences a general hope of release and consequent incentive to good behaviour .

To avoid any but the worst young offenders being sent to prison , the Prison Commissioners proposed to accelerate the provision of detention centres , backed up by a new sentence of custodial training for a maximum of two years with the chance of being released on licence , subject to after-care , after six months .
to avoid any but the worst young offenders being sent to prison , the prison commissioners proposed to accelerate the provision of detention centres , backed up by a new sentence of custodial training for a maximum of two years with the chance of being [freed] on licence , subject to after-care , after six months .

All young offenders released from a detention centre were to get one year 's compulsory after-care .
all young offenders [freed] from a detention centre were to get one year 's compulsory after-care .

The long period of Conservative government from 1951–64 made it easier for Labour MPs , released from electoral inhibitions , to press for abolition .
the long period of conservative government from 1951–64 made it easier for labour mps , [freed] from electoral inhibitions , to press for abolition .

prisoners whose character and record render them suitable … should be released from prison earlier than they are at present .
prisoners whose character and record render them suitable … should be [freed] from prison earlier than they are at present .

Prisoners who do not of necessity have to be detained for the protection of the public are in some cases more likely to be made into decent citizens if , before completing the whole of their sentence , they are released under supervision with a liability to recall if they do not behave .
prisoners who do not of necessity have to be detained for the protection of the public are in some cases more likely to be made into decent citizens if , before completing the whole of their sentence , they are [freed] under supervision with a liability to recall if they do not behave .

When help finally arrived he was released from the big baler his right leg was nearly severed from his body .
when help finally arrived he was [freed] from the big baler his right leg was nearly severed from his body .

In other words it is the development of literate modes of communication that provides the basis for making a distinction between two kinds of society , and those modes themselves have determining effects : if some societies are more ‘ scientific ’ and ‘ logical ’ than others , it is not on account of the nature of their thought processes but because their acquisition of literacy has released these capacities .
in other words it is the development of literate modes of communication that provides the basis for making a distinction between two kinds of society , and those modes themselves have determining effects : if some societies are more ‘ scientific ’ and ‘ logical ’ than others , it is not on account of the nature of their thought processes but because their acquisition of literacy has [freed] these capacities .

Aston was eventually offered a temporary place in a hostel occupied exclusively by men , many of whom have been recently released from prison or who have drug problems .
aston was eventually offered a temporary place in a hostel occupied exclusively by men , many of whom have been recently [freed] from prison or who have drug problems .

Most hotels operate on the basis that unless previously notified by the guest that they will be a late arrival , the accommodation will be released for reletting if the guest fails to arrive by 6 p.m .
most hotels operate on the basis that unless previously notified by the guest that they will be a late arrival , the accommodation will be [freed] for reletting if the guest fails to arrive by 6 p.m .

how many major versions have since been released ?
how many major versions have since been [freed] ?

Most families tolerate and encourage the release of conflict whereby irritators are released through crying or yelling or confronting in other ways .
most families tolerate and encourage the release of conflict whereby irritators are [freed] through crying or yelling or confronting in other ways .

However , most significantly through these behavioural processes output is delivered ; energy has been released and output produced .
however , most significantly through these behavioural processes output is delivered ; energy has been [freed] and output produced .

Tensions must be released otherwise resentment will surface later in the group 's development .
tensions must be [freed] otherwise resentment will surface later in the group 's development .

Throughout the campaign he was deeply absorbed with the plight of the hostages in Teheran and when they were not released it was seen as a personal failure .
throughout the campaign he was deeply absorbed with the plight of the hostages in teheran and when they were not [freed] it was seen as a personal failure .

Figures were riot released in December .
figures were riot [freed] in december .

When this happens , attention does not need to be directed to decoding and it can be released for the integration of word meanings .
when this happens , attention does not need to be directed to decoding and it can be [freed] for the integration of word meanings .

June 1983 The released prisoners all feared for their lives .
june 1983 the [freed] prisoners all feared for their lives .

In 1981 , the Wilson Committee recommended that more papers should be released within the 30-year period and that as few as possible should be withheld beyond 30 years .
in 1981 , the wilson committee recommended that more papers should be [freed] within the 30-year period and that as few as possible should be withheld beyond 30 years .

If not he should be released with or without bail ( s.34 ( 1 ) ) .
if not he should be [freed] with or without bail ( s.34 ( 1 ) ) .

The presumption is that the suspect will be released with or without bail , but it can be rebutted if the custody officer has reasonable grounds for believing that detention without charge is necessary to secure or preserve evidence relating to the offence for which the suspect has been arrested , or to obtain such evidence by questioning him ( s.37 ( 2 ) ) .
the presumption is that the suspect will be [freed] with or without bail , but it can be rebutted if the custody officer has reasonable grounds for believing that detention without charge is necessary to secure or preserve evidence relating to the offence for which the suspect has been arrested , or to obtain such evidence by questioning him ( s.37 ( 2 ) ) .

At 24 hours , a person not yet charged should be released .
at 24 hours , a person not yet charged should be [freed] .

At the 36 hour point the suspect must be charged , released or an application made for a warrant of further detention .
at the 36 hour point the suspect must be charged , [freed] or an application made for a warrant of further detention .

At 96 hours , the suspect must either be charged or released .
at 96 hours , the suspect must either be charged or [freed] .

The suspect or his solicitor is entitled to make representations to the reviewing officer as to why he should be released .
the suspect or his solicitor is entitled to make representations to the reviewing officer as to why he should be [freed] .

It seems likely that Ba existed in the living individual but was released or separated from the body after death .
it seems likely that ba existed in the living individual but was [freed] or separated from the body after death .

It was a question so typically feminine that somehow it released part of the tension in him .
it was a question so typically feminine that somehow it [freed] part of the tension in him .

Andrew released Topaz reluctantly . ``
andrew [freed] topaz reluctantly . ``

Compacts should strongly recommend that trade unionists should be released on full pay to work with teachers and students so that they gain a balanced understanding of how industry works .
compacts should strongly recommend that trade unionists should be [freed] on full pay to work with teachers and students so that they gain a balanced understanding of how industry works .

The manager should identify the number of staff which can be released at any time and provide the information to the school of nursing .
the manager should identify the number of staff which can be [freed] at any time and provide the information to the school of nursing .

Nelson , whose recording of Béatrice et Bénedict had just been released by Erato , has a long-standing affinity for Berlioz .
nelson , whose recording of béatrice et bénedict had just been [freed] by erato , has a long-standing affinity for berlioz .

Recently The Soul 's Ransom and The Lotos Eaters were released ( 1/92 ) and now comes the large-scale , nearly hour-long cantata Invocation to Music , a ten- movement setting of a poem by Parry 's friend Robert Bridges and composed ‘ in honour of Henry Purcell ’ for the bicentenary , in 1895 , of his death .
recently the soul 's ransom and the lotos eaters were [freed] ( 1/92 ) and now comes the large-scale , nearly hour-long cantata invocation to music , a ten- movement setting of a poem by parry 's friend robert bridges and composed ‘ in honour of henry purcell ’ for the bicentenary , in 1895 , of his death .

Sony have released details of their new 1992 range .
sony have [freed] details of their new 1992 range .

Kylie , who 's undergone something of a radical image change in the last few months , has just released her new album , ‘ Let 's Get To It ’ .
kylie , who 's undergone something of a radical image change in the last few months , has just [freed] her new album , ‘ let 's get to it ’ .

Signed to the Canadian independent label Stream Records in 1986 , Daniel released a debut album ‘ Good Day Messiah ’ for which he is currently seeking a licensing deal .
signed to the canadian independent label stream records in 1986 , daniel [freed] a debut album ‘ good day messiah ’ for which he is currently seeking a licensing deal .

It will be released early next year on an as yet undisclosed label .
it will be [freed] early next year on an as yet undisclosed label .

Renbourn emerged from the British folk scene in the sixties and went on to form the acclaimed acoustic group Pentangle , and also released a number of albums with Stefan Grossman following the demise of the band .
renbourn emerged from the british folk scene in the sixties and went on to form the acclaimed acoustic group pentangle , and also [freed] a number of albums with stefan grossman following the demise of the band .

No , contrary to what Bill Graham says , Simon Carmody & Co. released it fucking ages ago .
no , contrary to what bill graham says , simon carmody & co. [freed] it fucking ages ago .

‘ Colour Of Spring ’ , released in ‘ 85 , was the majestic , towering album that Talk Talk 's growing legion of fans had always known the band could make .
‘ colour of spring ’ , [freed] in ‘ 85 , was the majestic , towering album that talk talk 's growing legion of fans had always known the band could make .

‘ Watermark ’ was released in 1988 and sold over three million copies worldwide within the year .
‘ watermark ’ was [freed] in 1988 and sold over three million copies worldwide within the year .

Meanwhile , the first single to be released on Expo is ‘ Forfeit ’ by a band called Fuel — coming to a shop near you just about now .
meanwhile , the first single to be [freed] on expo is ‘ forfeit ’ by a band called fuel — coming to a shop near you just about now .

Having released two singles — ‘ June ’ — and ‘ Childhood Revisited ’ — in the late eighties on an independent label — Ashanti recorded a demo containing a song called ‘ Real World ’ , which was despatched to Polygram and , according to Boyd , ‘ within 20 minutes they were prepared to make us an offer which , at the time , was as good as we could get .
having [freed] two singles — ‘ june ’ — and ‘ childhood revisited ’ — in the late eighties on an independent label — ashanti recorded a demo containing a song called ‘ real world ’ , which was despatched to polygram and , according to boyd , ‘ within 20 minutes they were prepared to make us an offer which , at the time , was as good as we could get .

In two hours they ferried 22 people to high ground and to safety , and at 0900 they were released to return to the Portrush lifeboat which was still lying in Ballycastle Bay .
in two hours they ferried 22 people to high ground and to safety , and at 0900 they were [freed] to return to the portrush lifeboat which was still lying in ballycastle bay .

During the lunchtime break those present were entertained by the Margate Drum Majorettes , one hundred balloons were released and a raffle was drawn .
during the lunchtime break those present were entertained by the margate drum majorettes , one hundred balloons were [freed] and a raffle was drawn .

Make sure the water the fish arrive in is at the same temperature as the pool before they are released .
make sure the water the fish arrive in is at the same temperature as the pool before they are [freed] .

On yet another occasion at Alexandra Park Race Day in 1898 , which was said to be ‘ infested with a crowd of scoundrels and ruffians of the worst race-course stamp ’ , when police arrested a pick-pocket ‘ the constables were surrounded by a crowd , who kicked them and brutally ill-treated them , and released the prisoner ’ .
on yet another occasion at alexandra park race day in 1898 , which was said to be ‘ infested with a crowd of scoundrels and ruffians of the worst race-course stamp ’ , when police arrested a pick-pocket ‘ the constables were surrounded by a crowd , who kicked them and brutally ill-treated them , and [freed] the prisoner ’ .

The introduction of the ‘ ticket-of-leave ’ system of parole for convicts who could no longer be transported provoked waves of anxiety from 1853 onwards that dangerous criminals were being released to prowl the streets of the metropolis with no evidence of the character reformation promised by the new prison disciplines .
the introduction of the ‘ ticket-of-leave ’ system of parole for convicts who could no longer be transported provoked waves of anxiety from 1853 onwards that dangerous criminals were being [freed] to prowl the streets of the metropolis with no evidence of the character reformation promised by the new prison disciplines .

It also released more soldiers who were free to seek a living by fighting elsewhere .
it also [freed] more soldiers who were free to seek a living by fighting elsewhere .

Any additional pressure on the lips repeats this and moisturiser is released slowly .
any additional pressure on the lips repeats this and moisturiser is [freed] slowly .

Pictorial matter released by the Euro Disney Company is indicated by the copyright notice © Disney .
pictorial matter [freed] by the euro disney company is indicated by the copyright notice © disney .

Alternatively , if you require a little time , a booking can be held on ‘ Option ’ for 24 hours during which time you must make the booking ‘ firm ’ otherwise the booking will automatically be released .
alternatively , if you require a little time , a booking can be held on ‘ option ’ for 24 hours during which time you must make the booking ‘ firm ’ otherwise the booking will automatically be [freed] .

Designed to sit on a table or beside your bed , it contains a pad impregnated with natural oils that are warmed and released into the air ; three heat settings control the rate of vaporisation .
designed to sit on a table or beside your bed , it contains a pad impregnated with natural oils that are warmed and [freed] into the air ; three heat settings control the rate of vaporisation .

The works of Morton Smith and Elaine Pagels have all been released in quality paperback editions .
the works of morton smith and elaine pagels have all been [freed] in quality paperback editions .

In January 1979 when he was finally released from hospital he and Raine booked into the Dorchester Hotel in Park Lane for an expensive month-long convalescence .
in january 1979 when he was finally [freed] from hospital he and raine booked into the dorchester hotel in park lane for an expensive month-long convalescence .

There are , however , problems associated with increased disclosure , some of which have already been outlined , namely : disclosure is costly ; inappropriate disclosure could destroy the value of the information to the company ; increased disclosure requirements could lead to incorrect or misleading information being released ; in the case of a financial conglomerate , employees who legitimately acquire confidential information from corporate clients , are unable , by virtue of the duty of confidence they owe to their client , to release the confidential news .
there are , however , problems associated with increased disclosure , some of which have already been outlined , namely : disclosure is costly ; inappropriate disclosure could destroy the value of the information to the company ; increased disclosure requirements could lead to incorrect or misleading information being [freed] ; in the case of a financial conglomerate , employees who legitimately acquire confidential information from corporate clients , are unable , by virtue of the duty of confidence they owe to their client , to release the confidential news .

Biological response modifiers such as cytokines and growth factors released in peritumoral tissues , perhaps by the neoplastic cells themselves , may well be implicated in their activation .
biological response modifiers such as cytokines and growth factors [freed] in peritumoral tissues , perhaps by the neoplastic cells themselves , may well be implicated in their activation .

This event last occurred in 1928 and it is a measure of the immense volume of water released that there was flooding on the Punjabi Plains , more than 800 miles away .
this event last occurred in 1928 and it is a measure of the immense volume of water [freed] that there was flooding on the punjabi plains , more than 800 miles away .

Tobacco released to the market was down 11.3 percent in the first half of 1991 compared with the same period of 1990 and 17.7 percent down compared with the second half of 1990 .
tobacco [freed] to the market was down 11.3 percent in the first half of 1991 compared with the same period of 1990 and 17.7 percent down compared with the second half of 1990 .

We bent and pulled the pegs from cracked earth with a feverish haste and the tent , released from suffering the slope at last , collapsed like a strange orange animal in slow billows and blasts of fetid air .
we bent and pulled the pegs from cracked earth with a feverish haste and the tent , [freed] from suffering the slope at last , collapsed like a strange orange animal in slow billows and blasts of fetid air .

Silent citizens marched from the city centre to the mass grave of those who died in the flood released by the destruction of the dam .
silent citizens marched from the city centre to the mass grave of those who died in the flood [freed] by the destruction of the dam .

The county council 's tourism department has released a new edition of its guide , Essex — Places to Visit , to help local families or visitors to the region choose their destination .
the county council 's tourism department has [freed] a new edition of its guide , essex — places to visit , to help local families or visitors to the region choose their destination .

Ring John was released on the understanding that his ransom would be paid , and Edward retained some noble hostages as sureties for the payment .
ring john was [freed] on the understanding that his ransom would be paid , and edward retained some noble hostages as sureties for the payment .

The council of nine ceased to be active , Latimer and Lyons were released from imprisonment and Alice Perrers was reinstated at court .
the council of nine ceased to be active , latimer and lyons were [freed] from imprisonment and alice perrers was reinstated at court .

He has been released on conditional bail .
he has been [freed] on conditional bail .

He was due to be released on conditional bail last night once a surety had been produced .
he was due to be [freed] on conditional bail last night once a surety had been produced .

Cardwell was interviewed by police on February 20 and released on bail .
cardwell was interviewed by police on february 20 and [freed] on bail .

The soldiers were released from hospital after treatment .
the soldiers were [freed] from hospital after treatment .

The 400 or so balloons were eventually released by St Edmundsbury mayor Ted May , hospital chief executive Bob Jones and trust chairman Raymond Grierson .
the 400 or so balloons were eventually [freed] by st edmundsbury mayor ted may , hospital chief executive bob jones and trust chairman raymond grierson .

The 14-year-olds have been released on police bail .
the 14-year-olds have been [freed] on police bail .

When the guarantee is released , or the deposit becomes recoverable , you must give us all assistance to obtain the cancellation of the guarantee or the return of the deposit .
when the guarantee is [freed] , or the deposit becomes recoverable , you must give us all assistance to obtain the cancellation of the guarantee or the return of the deposit .

When the guarantee is released , or you get the deposit back , you must help us to cancel the guarantee or give us the deposit .
when the guarantee is [freed] , or you get the deposit back , you must help us to cancel the guarantee or give us the deposit .

When the guarantee is released , or you get the deposit back , you must help us to cancel the guarantee or give us the deposit .
when the guarantee is [freed] , or you get the deposit back , you must help us to cancel the guarantee or give us the deposit .

When the guarantee is released , or you get the deposit back , you must help us to cancel the guarantee or give us the deposit .
when the guarantee is [freed] , or you get the deposit back , you must help us to cancel the guarantee or give us the deposit .

When the guarantee is released , or you get the deposit back , you must help us to cancel the guarantee or give us the deposit .
when the guarantee is [freed] , or you get the deposit back , you must help us to cancel the guarantee or give us the deposit .

And this is how the Confederation of British Industry released the news to the press …
and this is how the confederation of british industry [freed] the news to the press …

The bowler approached and grunted with effort as he released the ball .
the bowler approached and grunted with effort as he [freed] the ball .

Then the moment came when the tow line was released and they savoured the eerie feeling of riding the rising thermals .
then the moment came when the tow line was [freed] and they savoured the eerie feeling of riding the rising thermals .

Similarly when prisoners are released , they should be able to continue their training in Colleges of Further Education .
similarly when prisoners are [freed] , they should be able to continue their training in colleges of further education .

One of a number of examples he gives is ‘ The Silence of the Lambs ’ , released in the West End of London in May , 1991 .
one of a number of examples he gives is ‘ the silence of the lambs ’ , [freed] in the west end of london in may , 1991 .

Phosphates can also be released into lakes and rivers from industrial waste and effluents and from the soil if there is overuse of fertilisers .
phosphates can also be [freed] into lakes and rivers from industrial waste and effluents and from the soil if there is overuse of fertilisers .

They copied the form and ways of Man , but saw how Man was clearing the forest and saw how this destruction released elemental spirits from the earth which had once been frozen .
they copied the form and ways of man , but saw how man was clearing the forest and saw how this destruction [freed] elemental spirits from the earth which had once been frozen .

Released , she joined the others .
[freed] , she joined the others .

He dusted down his dark and dapper duds , drew out a really splendid hand-gun , which appeared to have been borrowed from the Robocop props cupboard , and released the safety catch .
he dusted down his dark and dapper duds , drew out a really splendid hand-gun , which appeared to have been borrowed from the robocop props cupboard , and [freed] the safety catch .

The crowd would have other things on its mind and Osman could be released .
the crowd would have other things on its mind and osman could be [freed] .

After the interview Andrus , much to his surprise , had been released ; but when he left Mahmoud 's office one of Owen 's agents had followed on behind him .
after the interview andrus , much to his surprise , had been [freed] ; but when he left mahmoud 's office one of owen 's agents had followed on behind him .

She released his hair and put that hand down between them , feeling for his buckle .
she [freed] his hair and put that hand down between them , feeling for his buckle .

Even the balloons they released as they gambolled about seemed to have a sleek , benevolent look as they rose , passing a shower of confetti as dense and continuous as the applause on its way down .
even the balloons they [freed] as they gambolled about seemed to have a sleek , benevolent look as they rose , passing a shower of confetti as dense and continuous as the applause on its way down .

Pietro had finally agreed to Zen 's presence , on condition that there was no contact until the pay-off actually began , so during the intervening forty-eight hours he had had nothing to do with the case beyond having the ransom money photographed to record the serial numbers and finalizing the arrangements for collecting Ruggiero when he was released .
pietro had finally agreed to zen 's presence , on condition that there was no contact until the pay-off actually began , so during the intervening forty-eight hours he had had nothing to do with the case beyond having the ransom money photographed to record the serial numbers and finalizing the arrangements for collecting ruggiero when he was [freed] .

Whereas Zen knew that the truth prevailed , if at all , only after so much time had passed that it had become meaningless , like a senile prisoner who can safely be released , his significance forgotten , his friends dead , a babbling idiot .
whereas zen knew that the truth prevailed , if at all , only after so much time had passed that it had become meaningless , like a senile prisoner who can safely be [freed] , his significance forgotten , his friends dead , a babbling idiot .

They 've released Signor Miletti .
they 've [freed] signor miletti .

‘ Where has Signor Miletti been released ? ’
‘ where has signor miletti been [freed] ? ’

Details of how Dr Puddephat died have not yet been released , but police say foul play is suspected .
details of how dr puddephat died have not yet been [freed] , but police say foul play is suspected .

The Yard released the news this morning .
the yard [freed] the news this morning .

Astonished , Loretta pressed a button , which released the door at street level .
astonished , loretta pressed a button , which [freed] the door at street level .

The rest of the morning was wasted on the business of getting the car released , and paying through the nose for the privilege .
the rest of the morning was wasted on the business of getting the car [freed] , and paying through the nose for the privilege .

While Green politics are based on the belief that the resources of the planet are finite and have to be carefully tended , global capitalist politics are based on the belief that the resources of the planet are virtually infinite , due to the scientific and technological ingenuity released by the capitalist system that will ensure unlimited replacement or substitution of resources as they are used up .
while green politics are based on the belief that the resources of the planet are finite and have to be carefully tended , global capitalist politics are based on the belief that the resources of the planet are virtually infinite , due to the scientific and technological ingenuity [freed] by the capitalist system that will ensure unlimited replacement or substitution of resources as they are used up .

Once released from the heart , natriuretic peptides exert potent direct vasodilator and natriuretic actions by virtue of their ability to increase their intracellular second messenger cGMP .
once [freed] from the heart , natriuretic peptides exert potent direct vasodilator and natriuretic actions by virtue of their ability to increase their intracellular second messenger cgmp .

The basket should not be closed too tightly as many duct stones are soft and the basket wires may become embedded in the stone so that it can not be released .
the basket should not be closed too tightly as many duct stones are soft and the basket wires may become embedded in the stone so that it can not be [freed] .

This agreement was renewed four times , the last in 1515 , but eventually the company had to be released from its responsibility on grounds of poverty .
this agreement was renewed four times , the last in 1515 , but eventually the company had to be [freed] from its responsibility on grounds of poverty .

In 1423 , the regent , Bedford , had released an important prisoner of Fastolf 's , Guillaume Remon , in return for the submission of Compiegne .
in 1423 , the regent , bedford , had [freed] an important prisoner of fastolf 's , guillaume remon , in return for the submission of compiegne .

Answer guide : Machine hours £l.70 — The additional contribution if one more machine could be released .
answer guide : machine hours £l.70 — the additional contribution if one more machine could be [freed] .

The aunt gets his insurance and pension — both generous — and the police reckon the body can be released more or less any time .
the aunt gets his insurance and pension — both generous — and the police reckon the body can be [freed] more or less any time .

She laughed , the tension suddenly released , and it occurred to Wycliffe that she was very attractive when she laughed .
she laughed , the tension suddenly [freed] , and it occurred to wycliffe that she was very attractive when she laughed .

She broke off as a blue lightning flash coincided with an ear-shattering thunder clap and released a fresh torrent of rain .
she broke off as a blue lightning flash coincided with an ear-shattering thunder clap and [freed] a fresh torrent of rain .

Tate spoke slowly and precisely as though each word was carefully selected , examined and polished before being released .
tate spoke slowly and precisely as though each word was carefully selected , examined and polished before being [freed] .

’ The Campbell released Cornelius and took to fingering his forehead .
’ the campbell [freed] cornelius and took to fingering his forehead .

at some future date it can be released internally or to an external client .
at some future date it can be [freed] internally or to an external client .

When the package is released as a product in this way it is known as an Issue of the software .
when the package is [freed] as a product in this way it is known as an issue of the software .

As the product can be released many times to different clients , on each release of the product to a specific client an Issue is created , to act as a cross-reference delineating the relationship between the product and the client .
as the product can be [freed] many times to different clients , on each release of the product to a specific client an issue is created , to act as a cross-reference delineating the relationship between the product and the client .

When the package is ready for release , a ‘ Product ’ is created to act as a meaningful and easily identified reference to the version of the package which is to be released .
when the package is ready for release , a ‘ product ’ is created to act as a meaningful and easily identified reference to the version of the package which is to be [freed] .

The product referencing the package may be released many times to different clients .
the product referencing the package may be [freed] many times to different clients .

When the product is released many times to different clients , specific ‘ issues ’ act as a cross-reference delineating the relationship between the product and the client .
when the product is [freed] many times to different clients , specific ‘ issues ’ act as a cross-reference delineating the relationship between the product and the client .

at some future date it can be released internally or to an external client .
at some future date it can be [freed] internally or to an external client .

When the package is released as a product in this way to a Client , it is known as an Issue of the software .
when the package is [freed] as a product in this way to a client , it is known as an issue of the software .

As a product can be released many times to different clients , an Issue is created on each release of the product to a specific client .
as a product can be [freed] many times to different clients , an issue is created on each release of the product to a specific client .

We go on the road with The Cure , who have just released their second album , ‘ Seventeen Seconds ’ .
we go on the road with the cure , who have just [freed] their second album , ‘ seventeen seconds ’ .

No Man 's stunning version of ‘ Colours ’ has just been released as a single on Probe Plus .
no man 's stunning version of ‘ colours ’ has just been [freed] as a single on probe plus .

If you want the truth about rising stars Five Thirty , check out their debut single , ‘ Catcher In The Rye ’ , which was originally released in 1985 .
if you want the truth about rising stars five thirty , check out their debut single , ‘ catcher in the rye ’ , which was originally [freed] in 1985 .

‘ Third Term ’ ( Deltic ) Re-released as a 12-inch , with the added bonus of a stunning acoustic version of ‘ The Newshound ’ ( an acute portrayal of the scum that litter the daily tabloids ) — and rightly so , because quite frankly this puts 90 per cent of single released this year into the shade and kicks them in the teeth to boot .
‘ third term ’ ( deltic ) re-released as a 12-inch , with the added bonus of a stunning acoustic version of ‘ the newshound ’ ( an acute portrayal of the scum that litter the daily tabloids ) — and rightly so , because quite frankly this puts 90 per cent of single [freed] this year into the shade and kicks them in the teeth to boot .

Having been sentenced to death in the mid-Morrissey period for the hanging offence of reinventing laddishness ( see The Farm , Flowered Up ) , they bowl on stage like men released from the Tower .
having been sentenced to death in the mid-morrissey period for the hanging offence of reinventing laddishness ( see the farm , flowered up ) , they bowl on stage like men [freed] from the tower .

Waiting for the lift to go higher still , some released red balloons bearing tickets requesting the finder to return them .
waiting for the lift to go higher still , some [freed] red balloons bearing tickets requesting the finder to return them .

For example , it can be used : to predict whether or not a chemical reaction is likely to occur when two different substances are mixed ; to enable the amount of energy theoretically required by or released during reactions to be calculated ; to predict the extent to which a reaction will proceed before reaching a condition of equilibrium .
for example , it can be used : to predict whether or not a chemical reaction is likely to occur when two different substances are mixed ; to enable the amount of energy theoretically required by or [freed] during reactions to be calculated ; to predict the extent to which a reaction will proceed before reaching a condition of equilibrium .

This is because lattice enthalpies relate to the formation of bonds and energy is released when bonds are formed .
this is because lattice enthalpies relate to the formation of bonds and energy is [freed] when bonds are formed .

During combustion , energy is released and dispersed to the surroundings .
during combustion , energy is [freed] and dispersed to the surroundings .

An axon is enlarged at the tip and this presynaptic area contains vesicles made from the same material as the cell membrane , containing the neurotransmitters that are released in the synapse .
an axon is enlarged at the tip and this presynaptic area contains vesicles made from the same material as the cell membrane , containing the neurotransmitters that are [freed] in the synapse .

Mainly New Zealand wool was used for which just enough foreign currency was released to buy the minimum immediate requirement .
mainly new zealand wool was used for which just enough foreign currency was [freed] to buy the minimum immediate requirement .

When her assailant is released and rapes again , her only recourse is yet again violent revenge .
when her assailant is [freed] and rapes again , her only recourse is yet again violent revenge .

The fifteenth activist , the only woman in the unit , 20 year old Jasmina Pandy was acquitted and released after spending over a year and a half in police detention .
the fifteenth activist , the only woman in the unit , 20 year old jasmina pandy was acquitted and [freed] after spending over a year and a half in police detention .

However , only 202 of the 900 detainees were released .
however , only 202 of the 900 detainees were [freed] .

On February 3 , Outside Pentonville Prison , pink and black condoms were inflated and released to float over the walls of the prison , in a protest against the government 's refusal to issue prisoners with condoms and clean needles .
on february 3 , outside pentonville prison , pink and black condoms were inflated and [freed] to float over the walls of the prison , in a protest against the government 's refusal to issue prisoners with condoms and clean needles .

Thus fluorinated gases released into the air by chemical works can get into the sewers as liquids .
thus fluorinated gases [freed] into the air by chemical works can get into the sewers as liquids .

Troops loyal to General Avril intercepted the Leopards , released their prisoner and arrested Colonel Rebu .
troops loyal to general avril intercepted the leopards , [freed] their prisoner and arrested colonel rebu .

Any unspent and un-required contingency sum identified by this process should be released to the client 's reserve .
any unspent and un-required contingency sum identified by this process should be [freed] to the client 's reserve .

Might a new microorganism released for a specific purpose such as disease control , mutate and become a threat to other plants , animals or the ecological equilibrium of the environment ?
might a new microorganism [freed] for a specific purpose such as disease control , mutate and become a threat to other plants , animals or the ecological equilibrium of the environment ?

No product can be released into the environment without the prior authorisation of the relevant controlling body .
no product can be [freed] into the environment without the prior authorisation of the relevant controlling body .

To date , such monitoring has not revealed any deleterious effects from the limited number of organisms which have been released .
to date , such monitoring has not revealed any deleterious effects from the limited number of organisms which have been [freed] .

Government documents released under the 10-year rule threw new light on Sir Anthony Eden 's handling of the Suez crisis in 1956 , but stopped short of confirming collusion between Britain , France and Israel in the affair .
government documents [freed] under the 10-year rule threw new light on sir anthony eden 's handling of the suez crisis in 1956 , but stopped short of confirming collusion between britain , france and israel in the affair .

On May 10 and June 6 , groups of 211 and 97 detainees respectively were released from prison [ see p. 37186 for release of 573 detainees in January ] .
on may 10 and june 6 , groups of 211 and 97 detainees respectively were [freed] from prison [ see p. 37186 for release of 573 detainees in january ] .

All three — economist Zhou Duo , who had been amongst the 211 released on May 10 , Taiwanese-born folk singer Hou Dejin , and newspaper editor Gao Xin — were released in mid-June .
all three — economist zhou duo , who had been amongst the 211 [freed] on may 10 , taiwanese-born folk singer hou dejin , and newspaper editor gao xin — were [freed] in mid-june .

The last of the 22 people detained in 1987 for their alleged involvement in a " Marxist conspiracy " to overthrow the Singapore government [ see p. 35462 ] were conditionally released in June .
the last of the 22 people detained in 1987 for their alleged involvement in a " marxist conspiracy " to overthrow the singapore government [ see p. 35462 ] were conditionally [freed] in june .

The seven had been implicated in the bombings by confessions ( later discredited ) made under pressure by Gerard Conlon and Paul Hill , two of the `` Guildford Four `` who were imprisoned for the Guildford and Woolwich bombings [ see p. 27739 ] but who were released in October 1989 when their convictions were declared unsafe [ see p. 36983 ] .
the seven had been implicated in the bombings by confessions ( later discredited ) made under pressure by gerard conlon and paul hill , two of the `` guildford four `` who were imprisoned for the guildford and woolwich bombings [ see p. 27739 ] but who were [freed] in october 1989 when their convictions were declared unsafe [ see p. 36983 ] .

The complete results were not released , nor were the names of defeated candidates ; it was officially claimed that 503 candidates took part .
the complete results were not [freed] , nor were the names of defeated candidates ; it was officially claimed that 503 candidates took part .

All those detained were later released , the last of them in July 1989 , but at court hearings it was alleged that Prince Mfanasibili had planned to seize power with the aid of a group of mercenaries .
all those detained were later [freed] , the last of them in july 1989 , but at court hearings it was alleged that prince mfanasibili had planned to seize power with the aid of a group of mercenaries .

Col. Thaabe Letsie and Col. Aloysius Kethang Mosoeunyane , who had been arrested on Feb. 19 , 1990 , and expelled from the Military Council and dismissed from the Army , were released from detention in Maseru in early March .
col. thaabe letsie and col. aloysius kethang mosoeunyane , who had been arrested on feb. 19 , 1990 , and expelled from the military council and dismissed from the army , were [freed] from detention in maseru in early march .

The document was the result of a process begun at the party 's 1987 annual conference ; final drafts of the review , then called Meet the Challenge , Make the Change , had been released in May 1989 [ see p. 36667 ] .
the document was the result of a process begun at the party 's 1987 annual conference ; final drafts of the review , then called meet the challenge , make the change , had been [freed] in may 1989 [ see p. 36667 ] .

The Court of Appeal in London ruled on April 27 , 1990 , that John McCann , Martina Shanahan and Finbar Cullen , known as the " Winchester Three " , should be immediately released from the prison sentence of 25 years imposed upon each of them at Winchester Crown Court in October 1988 , following their convictions on charges of conspiring to murder Tom King , the then Secretary of State for Northern Ireland .
the court of appeal in london ruled on april 27 , 1990 , that john mccann , martina shanahan and finbar cullen , known as the " winchester three " , should be immediately [freed] from the prison sentence of 25 years imposed upon each of them at winchester crown court in october 1988 , following their convictions on charges of conspiring to murder tom king , the then secretary of state for northern ireland .

Other allegations of torture came from a New York Bar Association report released in November 1989 and the Turkish Human Rights Association which on Feb. 1 , 1990 , cited evidence of 37 alleged cases of torture in 1989 , 10 of them involving women , in police custody .
other allegations of torture came from a new york bar association report [freed] in november 1989 and the turkish human rights association which on feb. 1 , 1990 , cited evidence of 37 alleged cases of torture in 1989 , 10 of them involving women , in police custody .

All the hostages were released unharmed soon afterwards .
all the hostages were [freed] unharmed soon afterwards .

Bhattarai released a statement shortly after the announcement describing this action as `` unnecessary and unfortunate `` , while Communist Party leader Man Mohan Adhikari described it as `` a clear and open example of the King 's deceit `` .
bhattarai [freed] a statement shortly after the announcement describing this action as `` unnecessary and unfortunate `` , while communist party leader man mohan adhikari described it as `` a clear and open example of the king 's deceit `` .

Paul Ashwell was released in Greece on £19,000 bail posted by the Daily Mirror newspaper .
paul ashwell was [freed] in greece on £19,000 bail posted by the daily mirror newspaper .

2,000 demonstrators were arrested but were all reportedly released the following day .
2,000 demonstrators were arrested but were all reportedly [freed] the following day .

On April 22 , 1990 , Biya announced that people still in detention as a result of the coup attempt were to be released .
on april 22 , 1990 , biya announced that people still in detention as a result of the coup attempt were to be [freed] .

José Primo Esono , an activist in the illegal opposition group the Progress party ( Partido del Progreso ) , who had been imprisoned for his part in a coup plot against the regime in 1988 [ see p. 36200 ] , was released in February 1990 .
josé primo esono , an activist in the illegal opposition group the progress party ( partido del progreso ) , who had been imprisoned for his part in a coup plot against the regime in 1988 [ see p. 36200 ] , was [freed] in february 1990 .

Five other suspects had been released on Jan. 10 .
five other suspects had been [freed] on jan. 10 .

On Oct. 24 , 1989 , details were released of a Supreme Court ruling which qualified an earlier ruling on Oct. 3 that the government 's emergency policy of extradition by decree ( introduced in August — see p. 36844 ) was constitutional , stating that administrative measures could only be used in cases where countries requesting extradition had no extradition agreement with Colombia .
on oct. 24 , 1989 , details were [freed] of a supreme court ruling which qualified an earlier ruling on oct. 3 that the government 's emergency policy of extradition by decree ( introduced in august — see p. 36844 ) was constitutional , stating that administrative measures could only be used in cases where countries requesting extradition had no extradition agreement with colombia .

Another leading Medellín member , José Antonio Ocampo Obando , was reported to have been released on Jan. 16 , 1990 , because of insufficient evidence .
another leading medellín member , josé antonio ocampo obando , was reported to have been [freed] on jan. 16 , 1990 , because of insufficient evidence .

Statistics released by state security agencies on May 13 showed that 243 police officers had been killed since the start of the year .
statistics [freed] by state security agencies on may 13 showed that 243 police officers had been killed since the start of the year .

Orlando Ramón Agosti , a member of the ruling military junta in 1976-79 , was released from prison in May 1989 after serving part of a 4 @ 1/2-year sentence imposed in December 1985 for torture and robbery committed during the dirty war [ see p. 34667 ] .
orlando ramón agosti , a member of the ruling military junta in 1976-79 , was [freed] from prison in may 1989 after serving part of a 4 @ 1/2-year sentence imposed in december 1985 for torture and robbery committed during the dirty war [ see p. 34667 ] .

It was also announced on April 18 that some 108 persons arrested or imprisoned for their part in the 1990 demonstrations would be released from custody .
it was also announced on april 18 that some 108 persons arrested or imprisoned for their part in the 1990 demonstrations would be [freed] from custody .

Azem Vlasi , the former leader of the League of Communists in Kosovo , was released from custody on April 24 , together with 13 other persons , after being acquitted on charges of instigating counter-revolutionary demonstrations in the province .
azem vlasi , the former leader of the league of communists in kosovo , was [freed] from custody on april 24 , together with 13 other persons , after being acquitted on charges of instigating counter-revolutionary demonstrations in the province .

Preliminary results of the 1988 census , released in March 1989 by the Planning Commission , revealed that the total population had risen to 23,174,336 , from 17,512,610 10 years earlier : an average growth rate of 2.8 per cent a year , compared with 3.2 per cent during the previous decade .
preliminary results of the 1988 census , [freed] in march 1989 by the planning commission , revealed that the total population had risen to 23,174,336 , from 17,512,610 10 years earlier : an average growth rate of 2.8 per cent a year , compared with 3.2 per cent during the previous decade .

On Oct. 28 , 1989 , 625 rebels who had been captured in fighting in the north and north-east since 1986 and detained without trial were released .
on oct. 28 , 1989 , 625 rebels who had been captured in fighting in the north and north-east since 1986 and detained without trial were [freed] .

The last three detainees held under the Public Security Act were released on June 6 , 1989 , an order for the release of all such detainees having been made by Moi on June 1 [ see also p. 36918 ] .
the last three detainees held under the public security act were [freed] on june 6 , 1989 , an order for the release of all such detainees having been made by moi on june 1 [ see also p. 36918 ] .

Following the establishment of a committee to review the Constitution and to prepare for the introduction of a multiparty system [ see p. 36842 ] , the President 's office announced on Nov. 6 that a six-member committee had been set up ; the committee 's members included a leading human rights lawyer , Ismail Ali Jumaale , released from prison on Oct. 25 after four months ' detention .
following the establishment of a committee to review the constitution and to prepare for the introduction of a multiparty system [ see p. 36842 ] , the president 's office announced on nov. 6 that a six-member committee had been set up ; the committee 's members included a leading human rights lawyer , ismail ali jumaale , [freed] from prison on oct. 25 after four months ' detention .

The Ethics Committee on Feb. 2 , 1990 , released a report critical of Gus Savage ( Dem .
the ethics committee on feb. 2 , 1990 , [freed] a report critical of gus savage ( dem .

Figures released in January 1990 showed that growth had slowed sharply at the end of 1989 .
figures [freed] in january 1990 showed that growth had slowed sharply at the end of 1989 .

On July 11 , 1989 , Prime Minister Nikolai Ryzhkov announced that 175,000 students who had already been conscripted would soon be released .
on july 11 , 1989 , prime minister nikolai ryzhkov announced that 175,000 students who had already been conscripted would soon be [freed] .

Suggestions by leading Iranian political figures , including the head of the judiciary , Hojatolislam Mohammad Yazdi , that Roger Cooper , a British businessman in an Iranian prison on alleged spying charges , be released , received a negative response from the Iranian press and from the Majlis .
suggestions by leading iranian political figures , including the head of the judiciary , hojatolislam mohammad yazdi , that roger cooper , a british businessman in an iranian prison on alleged spying charges , be [freed] , received a negative response from the iranian press and from the majlis .

It was released in space on Oct. 19 to begin a six-year 2,500-million-mile voyage to study the planet Jupiter , on a gravitationally assisted trajectory planned to swing it once past the planet Venus and twice around the Earth .
it was [freed] in space on oct. 19 to begin a six-year 2,500-million-mile voyage to study the planet jupiter , on a gravitationally assisted trajectory planned to swing it once past the planet venus and twice around the earth .

On July 31 the rebels released Robinson after Abu Bakr accused the security forces of wanting him to die in order to justify a military solution to the stalemate .
on july 31 the rebels [freed] robinson after abu bakr accused the security forces of wanting him to die in order to justify a military solution to the stalemate .

37457-58 ] were released on July 1 .
37457-58 ] were [freed] on july 1 .

On July 9 the federal government released details of a `` secret plot `` to take Sabah out of the Malaysian Federation by a group called the Sabah People 's Liberation Organization .
on july 9 the federal government [freed] details of a `` secret plot `` to take sabah out of the malaysian federation by a group called the sabah people 's liberation organization .

Although no official statement to this effect was released , the Chinese Communist Party general secretary Jiang Zemin told Alatas on July 3 that no country should interfere in the internal affairs of another country .
although no official statement to this effect was [freed] , the chinese communist party general secretary jiang zemin told alatas on july 3 that no country should interfere in the internal affairs of another country .

Honecker had undergone surgery for a malignant kidney tumour on Jan. 10 and was briefly arrested upon leaving hospital on Jan. 29 , being released on Jan. 30 because he still needed medical attention .
honecker had undergone surgery for a malignant kidney tumour on jan. 10 and was briefly arrested upon leaving hospital on jan. 29 , being [freed] on jan. 30 because he still needed medical attention .

The crew were subsequently released into Sudanese care on Jan. 22 .
the crew were subsequently [freed] into sudanese care on jan. 22 .

Raymond Buckey spent almost five years in prison before being released on bail in February 1989 .
raymond buckey spent almost five years in prison before being [freed] on bail in february 1989 .

According to the spokesman the `` law-breakers `` were released `` because they pleaded guilty and showed repentance `` .
according to the spokesman the `` law-breakers `` were [freed] `` because they pleaded guilty and showed repentance `` .

Around 40 people convicted of political crimes in connection with acts of defiance during the campaign to impose Slavic names on ethnic Turks were released from prison in accordance with an amnesty bill passed by the National Assembly on Jan. 15 .
around 40 people convicted of political crimes in connection with acts of defiance during the campaign to impose slavic names on ethnic turks were [freed] from prison in accordance with an amnesty bill passed by the national assembly on jan. 15 .

Also released were the nearly 750 first offenders serving prison sentences of up to three years , and around 250 people serving sentences for criminal negligence .
also [freed] were the nearly 750 first offenders serving prison sentences of up to three years , and around 250 people serving sentences for criminal negligence .

The remaining 48 fundamentalists from the same group were released on May 3 , to mark the end of Ramadan , the Islamic month of fasting .
the remaining 48 fundamentalists from the same group were [freed] on may 3 , to mark the end of ramadan , the islamic month of fasting .

Hundreds of prisoners were unconditionally released or had their prison terms reduced after a series of six public pardons issued by Hassan .
hundreds of prisoners were unconditionally [freed] or had their prison terms reduced after a series of six public pardons issued by hassan .

After overnight negotiations the authorities agreed to refuel the plane and let it fly to Pakistan on condition that the remaining 38 passengers and crew would be released on arrival .
after overnight negotiations the authorities agreed to refuel the plane and let it fly to pakistan on condition that the remaining 38 passengers and crew would be [freed] on arrival .

37544-45 ] , was released from detention on Aug. 2 .
37544-45 ] , was [freed] from detention on aug. 2 .

Nine other people arrested in the June demonstrations were released with Munteanu ; a further 43 , including National Democratic Party president Nica Leon , were released on Aug. 10 .
nine other people arrested in the june demonstrations were [freed] with munteanu ; a further 43 , including national democratic party president nica leon , were [freed] on aug. 10 .

It was reported on Aug. 21 that Iraq had completed the withdrawal of its troops , which had begun on Aug. 17 and that almost all of the estimated 70,000 to 100,000 prisoners of war ( POWs ) held by Iran and Iraq had been exchanged , with the last due to be released in September .
it was reported on aug. 21 that iraq had completed the withdrawal of its troops , which had begun on aug. 17 and that almost all of the estimated 70,000 to 100,000 prisoners of war ( pows ) held by iran and iraq had been exchanged , with the last due to be [freed] in september .

Two Swiss Red Cross workers taken hostage in Lebanon in October 1989 were released in the first half of August .
two swiss red cross workers taken hostage in lebanon in october 1989 were [freed] in the first half of august .

On Aug. 22 , 1989 , the last three Corsican nationalist militants held in French prisons were released .
on aug. 22 , 1989 , the last three corsican nationalist militants held in french prisons were [freed] .

After completion of an 18-month inquiry a report was released by the United Kingdom Defence Ministry in October concluding that the Austrian President , Kurt Waldheim , was not involved in the execution of six British prisoners of war in Greece in 1944 , while a junior officer in the German Army , although he knew of their capture and probable fate [ see pp .
after completion of an 18-month inquiry a report was [freed] by the united kingdom defence ministry in october concluding that the austrian president , kurt waldheim , was not involved in the execution of six british prisoners of war in greece in 1944 , while a junior officer in the german army , although he knew of their capture and probable fate [ see pp .

According to figures released in January 1990 there were 1,040,325 foreign residents in the country in 1989 , making up 15.6 per cent of the population .
according to figures [freed] in january 1990 there were 1,040,325 foreign residents in the country in 1989 , making up 15.6 per cent of the population .

( Foreign Minister Sani Bako said on Sept. 3 in a letter to the human rights organization Amnesty International that there had been no summary executions , that seven of those arrested had just been released , and that the organization could send a mission to Niger to observe the situation . )
( foreign minister sani bako said on sept. 3 in a letter to the human rights organization amnesty international that there had been no summary executions , that seven of those arrested had just been [freed] , and that the organization could send a mission to niger to observe the situation . )

Gen. Hartono Resko Dharsono , Indonesia 's most prominent dissident , was released from prison on Sept. 16 .
gen. hartono resko dharsono , indonesia 's most prominent dissident , was [freed] from prison on sept. 16 .

On Sept. 27 Ceausescu was released from custody for 90 days to undergo medical treatment for chronic cirrhosis of the liver ( a condition reportedly complicated by a stab wound he had received from one of the revolutionary mob moments after his Dec. 22 television appearance ) .
on sept. 27 ceausescu was [freed] from custody for 90 days to undergo medical treatment for chronic cirrhosis of the liver ( a condition reportedly complicated by a stab wound he had received from one of the revolutionary mob moments after his dec. 22 television appearance ) .

He appealed against the verdict , and on July 16 was released from detention pending his appeal .
he appealed against the verdict , and on july 16 was [freed] from detention pending his appeal .

Official figures released on Feb. 9 showed that the Czechoslovak economy had grown by 1.7 per cent in 1989 , compared with 2.8 per cent the previous year .
official figures [freed] on feb. 9 showed that the czechoslovak economy had grown by 1.7 per cent in 1989 , compared with 2.8 per cent the previous year .

Under a royal amnesty in late July 1989 , 45 prisoners , including 19 who had been `` sentenced for politically motivated offences `` , were unconditionally released .
under a royal amnesty in late july 1989 , 45 prisoners , including 19 who had been `` sentenced for politically motivated offences `` , were unconditionally [freed] .

An estimated 200 people were to be released from detention immediately .
an estimated 200 people were to be [freed] from detention immediately .

Besides Djohar and Taki , the six other candidates were : ( i ) Prince Said Ali Kemal , a former ambassador , the grandson of the last Sultan of the islands and founder of the Chuma ( Islands ' Friendship and Unity ) Party ; ( ii ) Mohamed Ali Mroudjae , a former Prime Minister , of the Parti comorien pour la démocratie et le progrès ; ( iii ) Mohammed Hassan Ali , a former Vice-President , now leader of the Moheli National Front ; ( iv ) Abbas Djoussouf , representing the Mouvement démocratique populaire ; ( v ) Mohammed Ali Mbalya of the Parti socialiste des Comores ; and ( vi ) Moustapha Said Cheikh , a Marxist standing for the Front démocratique , who had been sentenced to life imprisonment for his part in an attempted coup in 1985 , but who had been released from prison following Abdallah 's death .
besides djohar and taki , the six other candidates were : ( i ) prince said ali kemal , a former ambassador , the grandson of the last sultan of the islands and founder of the chuma ( islands ' friendship and unity ) party ; ( ii ) mohamed ali mroudjae , a former prime minister , of the parti comorien pour la démocratie et le progrès ; ( iii ) mohammed hassan ali , a former vice-president , now leader of the moheli national front ; ( iv ) abbas djoussouf , representing the mouvement démocratique populaire ; ( v ) mohammed ali mbalya of the parti socialiste des comores ; and ( vi ) moustapha said cheikh , a marxist standing for the front démocratique , who had been sentenced to life imprisonment for his part in an attempted coup in 1985 , but who had been [freed] from prison following abdallah 's death .

Many of the officers were released after Gen. Tanay had apparently gone on strike in protest .
many of the officers were [freed] after gen. tanay had apparently gone on strike in protest .

Senator Juan Ponce Enrile , the leading conservative opponent of Aquino who had been arrested on Feb. 27 on identical charges to those against Aguinaldo on Feb. 27 [ see p. 37250 ] , was released on bail on March 6 .
senator juan ponce enrile , the leading conservative opponent of aquino who had been arrested on feb. 27 on identical charges to those against aguinaldo on feb. 27 [ see p. 37250 ] , was [freed] on bail on march 6 .

He was immediately released , as was Clarke on the same grounds following a separate court action .
he was immediately [freed] , as was clarke on the same grounds following a separate court action .

As part of the drive to restore party unity Jiang Zemin 's speech to the fifth plenum , released on Nov. 21 , urged party members to `` urgently `` go back to studying Marxism-Leninism and to build the party 's `` fighting power `` to `` combat strength `` [ see p. 37040 ] .
as part of the drive to restore party unity jiang zemin 's speech to the fifth plenum , [freed] on nov. 21 , urged party members to `` urgently `` go back to studying marxism-leninism and to build the party 's `` fighting power `` to `` combat strength `` [ see p. 37040 ] .

( Yan Jiaqi and student dissident leader Wuer Kaixi had in early July released a videotaped statement in France announcing the formation of a differently named organization — see p. 36815 . )
( yan jiaqi and student dissident leader wuer kaixi had in early july [freed] a videotaped statement in france announcing the formation of a differently named organization — see p. 36815 . )

In September the Planning Commission released details of the eighth five-year plan to cover 1990-95 .
in september the planning commission [freed] details of the eighth five-year plan to cover 1990-95 .

On Nov. 27 , 1989 , mujaheddin representatives handed over two Soviet prisoners of war to the Soviet ambassador to Pakistan in Peshawar ; this was the first occasion on which the rebel forces had released any Soviet prisoners .
on nov. 27 , 1989 , mujaheddin representatives handed over two soviet prisoners of war to the soviet ambassador to pakistan in peshawar ; this was the first occasion on which the rebel forces had [freed] any soviet prisoners .

The press and public were excluded from the hearing , although Greene had given earlier assurances that the tape would be released after it had been edited in order to excise any classified information which might be disclosed inadvertently .
the press and public were excluded from the hearing , although greene had given earlier assurances that the tape would be [freed] after it had been edited in order to excise any classified information which might be disclosed inadvertently .

Reagan 's testimony was released on Feb. 22 after the Justice Department ruled that it contained no classified information .
reagan 's testimony was [freed] on feb. 22 after the justice department ruled that it contained no classified information .

No details were released of selection procedures for this committee , members of which were to be represented in the Legco until 2003 .
no details were [freed] of selection procedures for this committee , members of which were to be represented in the legco until 2003 .

The human rights organization Amnesty International said in a report released on Nov. 9 , 1989 , that the human rights situation in Nicaragua had recently improved but that government troops continued to kill , maltreat and cause the disappearance of peasants who collaborated with the contras .
the human rights organization amnesty international said in a report [freed] on nov. 9 , 1989 , that the human rights situation in nicaragua had recently improved but that government troops continued to kill , maltreat and cause the disappearance of peasants who collaborated with the contras .

According to figures released by Miti in January 1990 , Japan 's industrial output increased by 5.9 per cent during 1989 , compared with a 9.5 per cent rise in 1988 .
according to figures [freed] by miti in january 1990 , japan 's industrial output increased by 5.9 per cent during 1989 , compared with a 9.5 per cent rise in 1988 .

The first piece of information to be released through this channel each day is the Bank 's estimate of the overall cash shortage or surplus in the money market .
the first piece of information to be [freed] through this channel each day is the bank 's estimate of the overall cash shortage or surplus in the money market .

If annual recruitment were higher still , recruits could be released earlier and the reserve would be larger .
if annual recruitment were higher still , recruits could be [freed] earlier and the reserve would be larger .

The author sees the spiritual strength released in the sisters through their disciplined aspiration to the love of God as part of the work of that love in them ; they share in the pattern of Incarnation .
the author sees the spiritual strength [freed] in the sisters through their disciplined aspiration to the love of god as part of the work of that love in them ; they share in the pattern of incarnation .

At the heart of the prohibitions and directives of the ten commandments is a definition of the ways in which man inhibits love both in himself and his society : inhibitions which are released in the gospel commandment of love that we The seven sacraments , traditionally linked to the wounds of Christ because it is his suffering love which gives them efficacy , are baptism , confirmation , penance , the eucharist , extreme unction , marriage and ordination .
at the heart of the prohibitions and directives of the ten commandments is a definition of the ways in which man inhibits love both in himself and his society : inhibitions which are [freed] in the gospel commandment of love that we the seven sacraments , traditionally linked to the wounds of christ because it is his suffering love which gives them efficacy , are baptism , confirmation , penance , the eucharist , extreme unction , marriage and ordination .

Such a one is bidden to `` preye `` `` seke `` `` aske `` and `` knokke at the dore `` in the certainty that `` he schal come … and coumforte thy desolate soule `` as the Holy Ghost came to the apostles : The book ends with a meditation on the sacrament as the focus for the experience of the transforming energy of God released in time at the Incarnation .
such a one is bidden to `` preye `` `` seke `` `` aske `` and `` knokke at the dore `` in the certainty that `` he schal come … and coumforte thy desolate soule `` as the holy ghost came to the apostles : the book ends with a meditation on the sacrament as the focus for the experience of the transforming energy of god [freed] in time at the incarnation .

This feeling was also released in the cult of the saints — both those long dead and those whose lives of special piety inspired a demand for their canonisation .
this feeling was also [freed] in the cult of the saints — both those long dead and those whose lives of special piety inspired a demand for their canonisation .

The meditations project an experience of alienation and deadness from which the meditator longs to be released ; he knows at one level that Christ 's death is the key to such release : But in this work such knowledge is not projected as that of experience , though it depends on recognition of the possibility of such experience for its validity .
the meditations project an experience of alienation and deadness from which the meditator longs to be [freed] ; he knows at one level that christ 's death is the key to such release : but in this work such knowledge is not projected as that of experience , though it depends on recognition of the possibility of such experience for its validity .

Despite the fact that Hilton says in chapter ten of Mixed Life that the nobleman who is like Jacob married to Rachel and Leah will only become Israel `` is verri contemplatif `` ( 33.374 – 5 ) , if he is released from worldly responsibilites there is no ground for suggesting that he meant to rule out the possibility of the most profound kind of contemplative experience for the man in mixed life .
despite the fact that hilton says in chapter ten of mixed life that the nobleman who is like jacob married to rachel and leah will only become israel `` is verri contemplatif `` ( 33.374 – 5 ) , if he is [freed] from worldly responsibilites there is no ground for suggesting that he meant to rule out the possibility of the most profound kind of contemplative experience for the man in mixed life .

Care should be taken to avoid key information being released at a late stage in the process which therefore weakens the vendor 's controlling hand .
care should be taken to avoid key information being [freed] at a late stage in the process which therefore weakens the vendor 's controlling hand .

The confidentiality letter should cover both the memorandum and also any additional information which might be subsequently released .
the confidentiality letter should cover both the memorandum and also any additional information which might be subsequently [freed] .

what additional information may be released during verbal discussions with interested parties and in what circumstances .
what additional information may be [freed] during verbal discussions with interested parties and in what circumstances .

explain that if our client approves their name an Information memorandum will be released on receipt of a signed confidentiality letter .
explain that if our client approves their name an information memorandum will be [freed] on receipt of a signed confidentiality letter .

client approval should be obtained before any information is released .
client approval should be obtained before any information is [freed] .

The Information Memorandum may only be released to potential acquirors once we have received the signed confidentiality letter .
the information memorandum may only be [freed] to potential acquirors once we have received the signed confidentiality letter .

If the acquirer 's solicitors are to prepare the agreement , it is very important that they are fully informed as to the acquirer 's aims and concerns about the acquisition and its assessment of its bargaining position and that they discuss the draft with the acquirer before it is released to the seller .
if the acquirer 's solicitors are to prepare the agreement , it is very important that they are fully informed as to the acquirer 's aims and concerns about the acquisition and its assessment of its bargaining position and that they discuss the draft with the acquirer before it is [freed] to the seller .

In practical terms the disclose letter should be released on a piecemeal draft basis as negotiations proceed .
in practical terms the disclose letter should be [freed] on a piecemeal draft basis as negotiations proceed .

Alternatively the acquiror may wish to have a specific retention out of the consideration only to be released after a specific timeframe once all identified pre-contract trade debtors have been collected ) .
alternatively the acquiror may wish to have a specific retention out of the consideration only to be [freed] after a specific timeframe once all identified pre-contract trade debtors have been collected ) .

The Information memorandum will only be released after we have received a confidentiality agreement and we would stress at this stage the need for total confidentiality .
the information memorandum will only be [freed] after we have received a confidentiality agreement and we would stress at this stage the need for total confidentiality .

one page profile released to selected purchasers
one page profile [freed] to selected purchasers

£ [ ] million of this is to be released immediately and the balance of £ [ ] million will be held in escrow and released following agreement of the completion accounts .
£ [ ] million of this is to be [freed] immediately and the balance of £ [ ] million will be held in escrow and [freed] following agreement of the completion accounts .

The pack was released each night after ten o'clock curfew , after which time anyone who disobeyed orders and remained outside the safety of the house , did so at their own peril .
the pack was [freed] each night after ten o'clock curfew , after which time anyone who disobeyed orders and remained outside the safety of the house , did so at their own peril .

As he released the button the receiver hissed into life .
as he [freed] the button the receiver hissed into life .

Even if he shot away the locks and released the captive kids now , they had nowhere to go .
even if he shot away the locks and [freed] the captive kids now , they had nowhere to go .

As the weapon spun off into the darkness , Angel One released his grip on Louise and shoved her stumbling off to one side , at the same time drawing Jim Miller square in front of him to maintain his human shield .
as the weapon spun off into the darkness , angel one [freed] his grip on louise and shoved her stumbling off to one side , at the same time drawing jim miller square in front of him to maintain his human shield .

The oriental had released them from their cells a short time before , and ordered them to precede him down through an open trapdoor into a secret escape tunnel .
the oriental had [freed] them from their cells a short time before , and ordered them to precede him down through an open trapdoor into a secret escape tunnel .

After all it is wasteful , but there is probably a number of chemicals which are lost from food organisms or released because of some biological function .
after all it is wasteful , but there is probably a number of chemicals which are lost from food organisms or [freed] because of some biological function .

You 'll see me the moment you 're released .
you 'll see me the moment you 're [freed] .

You 'll see me the moment you 're released .
you 'll see me the moment you 're [freed] .

The Queen Mother , who was released from hospital yesterday after a three-night stay for an operation to remove a piece of fish lodged in her throat , is president of the association .
the queen mother , who was [freed] from hospital yesterday after a three-night stay for an operation to remove a piece of fish lodged in her throat , is president of the association .

He was released by Partick now engaged in a staff reduction and cost cutting exercise .
he was [freed] by partick now engaged in a staff reduction and cost cutting exercise .

Yesterday Mr McGahon released her reply which stated : ‘ The issuing of such statements is a long-time irritant to the law-abiding citizens of the State . ’
yesterday mr mcgahon [freed] her reply which stated : ‘ the issuing of such statements is a long-time irritant to the law-abiding citizens of the state . ’

The Gift Of Song is being released on June 7 , the start of National Housing Week , and organisers expect it to top the compilation album charts .
the gift of song is being [freed] on june 7 , the start of national housing week , and organisers expect it to top the compilation album charts .

Details of what looks like being Ulster 's best Moto Cross of the year were released by the Lisburn club today and spokesman Jimmy Walker said : ‘ In view of the fact that the province does n't have a world title date this year , we are anxious to fill the gap .
details of what looks like being ulster 's best moto cross of the year were [freed] by the lisburn club today and spokesman jimmy walker said : ‘ in view of the fact that the province does n't have a world title date this year , we are anxious to fill the gap .

The centrally located site is owned by the received outline planning permission , unlike the proposed site at Linenhall Street in Lisburn , which has still to be released by the Department of the Environment and is currently being used as a car park .
the centrally located site is owned by the received outline planning permission , unlike the proposed site at linenhall street in lisburn , which has still to be [freed] by the department of the environment and is currently being used as a car park .

The project is based on the availability of official documents that will be released over the three years of its duration .
the project is based on the availability of official documents that will be [freed] over the three years of its duration .

In her nervousness she used too much force , and her hand , released by the tearing of paper , flung out and knocked over the wine .
in her nervousness she used too much force , and her hand , [freed] by the tearing of paper , flung out and knocked over the wine .

They will be unable to consummate their marriage until around the turn of the century , when they are expected to be released .
they will be unable to consummate their marriage until around the turn of the century , when they are expected to be [freed] .

Taxable profits released today were £181.7m for the year to January 2 against £234m last time , with the group charging a £47.3m loss on its withdrawal from the North American spice and seasoning business .
taxable profits [freed] today were £181.7m for the year to january 2 against £234m last time , with the group charging a £47.3m loss on its withdrawal from the north american spice and seasoning business .

Funeral arrangements for Damien Fegan ( 17 ) , of Vicinage Park , also killed in the Falls Road crash yesterday morning , have not yet been released .
funeral arrangements for damien fegan ( 17 ) , of vicinage park , also killed in the falls road crash yesterday morning , have not yet been [freed] .

Peter Murphy was later released after signing a written promise to appear in Danbury Superior Court , Ridgefield , next Friday .
peter murphy was later [freed] after signing a written promise to appear in danbury superior court , ridgefield , next friday .

He was released on 100-dollar bail and will also be in court on Friday .
he was [freed] on 100-dollar bail and will also be in court on friday .

We must protect ourselves by issuing a disclaimer on our liability for the accuracy of any information released , since the source data may be unreliable .
we must protect ourselves by issuing a disclaimer on our liability for the accuracy of any information [freed] , since the source data may be unreliable .

However , when an electron changes from one allowed orbit to another one nearer to the nucleus , energy is released and a real photon is emitted — which can be observed as visible light by the human eye , if it has the right wavelength , or by a photon detector such as photographic film .
however , when an electron changes from one allowed orbit to another one nearer to the nucleus , energy is [freed] and a real photon is emitted — which can be observed as visible light by the human eye , if it has the right wavelength , or by a photon detector such as photographic film .

The first primitive forms of life consumed various materials , including hydrogen sulfide , and released oxygen .
the first primitive forms of life consumed various materials , including hydrogen sulfide , and [freed] oxygen .

The extra energy of the unbroken symmetry state would then be released and would reheat the universe to a temperature just below the critical temperature for symmetry between the forces .
the extra energy of the unbroken symmetry state would then be [freed] and would reheat the universe to a temperature just below the critical temperature for symmetry between the forces .

That Timothy Gedge , so awful in his drunkenness and apparently in himself , should have released it was even fitting .
that timothy gedge , so awful in his drunkenness and apparently in himself , should have [freed] it was even fitting .

And when something odd began to happen in her own body , a sensation she wished to call ugly because she had never felt it before and did not wish to feel it now with him , she released her temper again , thrashing about quite wildly beneath him to hurt herself and make the treacherous feeling go away .
and when something odd began to happen in her own body , a sensation she wished to call ugly because she had never felt it before and did not wish to feel it now with him , she [freed] her temper again , thrashing about quite wildly beneath him to hurt herself and make the treacherous feeling go away .

She smiled at him and then , once again , at her father from whose authority these vows released her . ``
she smiled at him and then , once again , at her father from whose authority these vows [freed] her . ``

Yet she was relying on this very power to get her released .
yet she was relying on this very power to get her [freed] .

‘ You are being released into my custody , ’ Nathan 's cool gaze held hers , ‘ which means you are required by law to remain with me until you appear at your trial .
‘ you are being [freed] into my custody , ’ nathan 's cool gaze held hers , ‘ which means you are required by law to remain with me until you appear at your trial .

Startled by the swiftness with which he had released her , Polly moistened lips that felt swollen , but the words would n't come .
startled by the swiftness with which he had [freed] her , polly moistened lips that felt swollen , but the words would n't come .

In the past week she had been arrested , charged with smuggling heroin , released on bail , learned how to sail a forty-foot yacht , and was now listening to the man she had fallen deeply and irrevocably in love with talk about his colleague 's connection with the most vicious and widespread criminal organisation in the world .
in the past week she had been arrested , charged with smuggling heroin , [freed] on bail , learned how to sail a forty-foot yacht , and was now listening to the man she had fallen deeply and irrevocably in love with talk about his colleague 's connection with the most vicious and widespread criminal organisation in the world .

Borrowers released equity built up in their houses as a result of rising house prices in the 1980s by remortgaging .
borrowers [freed] equity built up in their houses as a result of rising house prices in the 1980s by remortgaging .

It was the year that the Beatles released ‘ Revolution ’ , a record one American critic charged would be suitable for the Democratic Party 's 1968 platform , with Lennon 's put-downs of people who went talking of Chairman Mao and were n't going to make it anyhow .
it was the year that the beatles [freed] ‘ revolution ’ , a record one american critic charged would be suitable for the democratic party 's 1968 platform , with lennon 's put-downs of people who went talking of chairman mao and were n't going to make it anyhow .

It is important to specify in your will who your executor is , to prevent delays in money being released to your family at what may be a difficult time for them .
it is important to specify in your will who your executor is , to prevent delays in money being [freed] to your family at what may be a difficult time for them .

The Law Society today welcomed the news that Vera Chirwa , the English-trained barrister detained in Malawi since 1981 , was released yesterday afternoon on humanitarian grounds .
the law society today welcomed the news that vera chirwa , the english-trained barrister detained in malawi since 1981 , was [freed] yesterday afternoon on humanitarian grounds .

Slowly his mouth released hers as he held her against him , the movement of his breath stirring her hair .
slowly his mouth [freed] hers as he held her against him , the movement of his breath stirring her hair .

For this reason the authors released Formgen Fill , a package which does allow you to enter details on a predefined form .
for this reason the authors [freed] formgen fill , a package which does allow you to enter details on a predefined form .

In an attack on all computer book publishers ( including themselves ) , they see the scramble to publish books on every piece of newly released software as resulting in shelves full of regurgitated documentation — modified either for the novice or the power user and thus leaving the average user with intermediate skills out in the cold .
in an attack on all computer book publishers ( including themselves ) , they see the scramble to publish books on every piece of newly [freed] software as resulting in shelves full of regurgitated documentation — modified either for the novice or the power user and thus leaving the average user with intermediate skills out in the cold .

Microsoft 's second database to be released recently is called Access .
microsoft 's second database to be [freed] recently is called access .

An updated version of BeagleWorks for the Mac will be released later in the year under the WordPerfect title .
an updated version of beagleworks for the mac will be [freed] later in the year under the wordperfect title .

Kew-based Microft Technology Ltd has released a low cost version of its fast text retrieval system , Wordbase .
kew-based microft technology ltd has [freed] a low cost version of its fast text retrieval system , wordbase .

Version 2.0 of Lotus Freelance Graphics for Windows presentation software has been released .
version 2.0 of lotus freelance graphics for windows presentation software has been [freed] .

For this reason the authors released Formgen Fill , a package which does allow you to enter details on a predefined form .
for this reason the authors [freed] formgen fill , a package which does allow you to enter details on a predefined form .

The actual products are not necessarily in any way lesser — or for that matter , better — than their commercial counterparts ( although , in truth , a number of programs released as shareware can at best be described as ‘ limited ’ from a commercial viewpoint ) .
the actual products are not necessarily in any way lesser — or for that matter , better — than their commercial counterparts ( although , in truth , a number of programs [freed] as shareware can at best be described as ‘ limited ’ from a commercial viewpoint ) .

Eventually , the spare key was found and they were released from the clutches of the car .
eventually , the spare key was found and they were [freed] from the clutches of the car .

The movie , starring Gene Kelly and Debbie Reynolds , is released on video for the first time on September 21 — with the original preview trailer and a deleted sequence of Reynolds singing You Are My Lucky Star .
the movie , starring gene kelly and debbie reynolds , is [freed] on video for the first time on september 21 — with the original preview trailer and a deleted sequence of reynolds singing you are my lucky star .

At last he released her , setting her back on her feet as he gazed down into her strangely unfocused eyes .
at last he [freed] her , setting her back on her feet as he gazed down into her strangely unfocused eyes .

All she could do was keep him at arm 's length — and pray for the strength to keep on doing it till they were released from their snowy prison .
all she could do was keep him at arm 's length — and pray for the strength to keep on doing it till they were [freed] from their snowy prison .

Obviously aware of the moment when he 'd won the battle , Dane released her hands , and her arms slid of their own accord round his back , pulling him closer still , as if suddenly she could n't get enough of him .
obviously aware of the moment when he 'd won the battle , dane [freed] her hands , and her arms slid of their own accord round his back , pulling him closer still , as if suddenly she could n't get enough of him .

For a long , endless moment he gazed into her eyes as though searching for answers , then he released her .
for a long , endless moment he gazed into her eyes as though searching for answers , then he [freed] her .

He released her then , shrugging out of his clothes , and coming back to her , his blue eyes glittering over the satiny perfection of her skin , pink-tinged from the delicate graze of his body on hers .
he [freed] her then , shrugging out of his clothes , and coming back to her , his blue eyes glittering over the satiny perfection of her skin , pink-tinged from the delicate graze of his body on hers .

Now the suddenly released , accumulated weight of all those pent-up seconds was bearing down heavily on the unbraced stones .
now the suddenly [freed] , accumulated weight of all those pent-up seconds was bearing down heavily on the unbraced stones .

Hrun released his grip slowly .
hrun [freed] his grip slowly .

He released his grasp , allowing her to follow his example .
he [freed] his grasp , allowing her to follow his example .

’ Rune brushed her hand and competently released her .
’ rune brushed her hand and competently [freed] her .

Rune muttered what could only have been a string of invective in his own language as he released his hold on her .
rune muttered what could only have been a string of invective in his own language as he [freed] his hold on her .

As the door of her room closed behind them , Gina released her breath in a deep sigh of relief .
as the door of her room closed behind them , gina [freed] her breath in a deep sigh of relief .

Shadow Home Secretary Tony Blair made the plea as yet another explicit video , Kama Sutra — The Truth About Love , was released showing couples having sex in more than 30 positions .
shadow home secretary tony blair made the plea as yet another explicit video , kama sutra — the truth about love , was [freed] showing couples having sex in more than 30 positions .

Four committee members have been arrested and released on bail following a swoop by detectives on their homes .
four committee members have been arrested and [freed] on bail following a swoop by detectives on their homes .

The girl was only released after she promised to see the attacker again .
the girl was only [freed] after she promised to see the attacker again .

Gently she released the metal bolt , eased up the lower light and clambered through .
gently she [freed] the metal bolt , eased up the lower light and clambered through .

Her remark released my ability to speak to her .
her remark [freed] my ability to speak to her .

They would be imprisoned , and , when released , would probably have to live out their stained lives in Cowley , or Kidlington .
they would be imprisoned , and , when [freed] , would probably have to live out their stained lives in cowley , or kidlington .

As Marnya released the councillor , the latter said , ‘ The drug does work . ’
as marnya [freed] the councillor , the latter said , ‘ the drug does work . ’

The space released in Senate House will provide some much-needed additional office accommodation .
the space [freed] in senate house will provide some much-needed additional office accommodation .

Richard Cohen at Hodder has bought a life of Hugh Gaitskill , by Brian Brivati , who has a doctorate from London University and who came to Hodder on a recommendation from Peter Hennessy ( author of Never Again ) ; Brivati will make use of the last of Gaitskill 's papers to be made available , released this month .
richard cohen at hodder has bought a life of hugh gaitskill , by brian brivati , who has a doctorate from london university and who came to hodder on a recommendation from peter hennessy ( author of never again ) ; brivati will make use of the last of gaitskill 's papers to be made available , [freed] this month .

This produces a distribution of chain conformations which differs significantly from the most probable distribution , and as this is an unstable state the chains will rapidly recoil when the stress is released in an attempt to regain their original shape distribution .
this produces a distribution of chain conformations which differs significantly from the most probable distribution , and as this is an unstable state the chains will rapidly recoil when the stress is [freed] in an attempt to regain their original shape distribution .

When the electric field is released , the dipoles can relax back into a random orientation , but , due to the frictional resistance experienced by the groups in the bulk polymer this will not be instantaneous .
when the electric field is [freed] , the dipoles can relax back into a random orientation , but , due to the frictional resistance experienced by the groups in the bulk polymer this will not be instantaneous .

The company has just released the Interim Report showing the results for the first half of the current financial year .
the company has just [freed] the interim report showing the results for the first half of the current financial year .

When Paisley man Christy Welsh was released by the Americans from the hands of the Nazis in Brunau , May 4th 1945 , the last thing on his mind was a return visit to the little Greek island of Leros , where he had spent five days desperate fighting before being taken prisoner .
when paisley man christy welsh was [freed] by the americans from the hands of the nazis in brunau , may 4th 1945 , the last thing on his mind was a return visit to the little greek island of leros , where he had spent five days desperate fighting before being taken prisoner .

’ Rogers released it , and the limousine bounded forwards .
’ rogers [freed] it , and the limousine bounded forwards .

They should not be officially released until they are in their final form .
they should not be officially [freed] until they are in their final form .

His wife released him .
his wife [freed] him .

For two months , while the fighting swayed back and forth overseas , Bishop Hrolf , released by the same storms from sentinel duty in the islands , took it upon himself to oversee the defences of the more vulnerable parts of the mainland .
for two months , while the fighting swayed back and forth overseas , bishop hrolf , [freed] by the same storms from sentinel duty in the islands , took it upon himself to oversee the defences of the more vulnerable parts of the mainland .

It released the voice of Osbern of Eu , his colour still high from the interview that had preceded this one .
it [freed] the voice of osbern of eu , his colour still high from the interview that had preceded this one .

‘ It was to be , ’ he recalled , ‘ the first of the kitchen-sink comedies , but , unfortunately , it was not released for three years , making it the last of the kitchen-sink comedies .
‘ it was to be , ’ he recalled , ‘ the first of the kitchen-sink comedies , but , unfortunately , it was not [freed] for three years , making it the last of the kitchen-sink comedies .

When Two Left Feet was eventually released , critics pointed out that it had become dated , but there was general praise for the performances of Crawford and his two female co-stars , all of whom had been unknown when they made the film but had become names by the time it was shown in cinemas .
when two left feet was eventually [freed] , critics pointed out that it had become dated , but there was general praise for the performances of crawford and his two female co-stars , all of whom had been unknown when they made the film but had become names by the time it was shown in cinemas .

Two years later , a film version of The Anniversary was released , starring Bette Davis in the Mona Washbourne role of Mum .
two years later , a film version of the anniversary was [freed] , starring bette davis in the mona washbourne role of mum .

When The Jokers was released , in 1967 , it met with praise on both sides of the Atlantic .
when the jokers was [freed] , in 1967 , it met with praise on both sides of the atlantic .

The deal also included provisions for royalties to be paid on box-office takings and a guarantee that the film would not be released before the stage show dosed or 20 June 1971 , whichever was the earlier .
the deal also included provisions for royalties to be paid on box-office takings and a guarantee that the film would not be [freed] before the stage show dosed or 20 june 1971 , whichever was the earlier .

Studio head Richard Zanuck paid him between one and two million dollars so that the film could be released that year , with a guarantee to compensate him if the show 's gross takings fell below $ 60,000 a week for an agreed period .
studio head richard zanuck paid him between one and two million dollars so that the film could be [freed] that year , with a guarantee to compensate him if the show 's gross takings fell below $ 60,000 a week for an agreed period .

Crawford had to drive the car into the pool , unlock his seat belt , put the gear into neutral , work four pedals that released oxygen tanks — to slow down the sinking-speak twelve lines of dialogue as the water bubbled up around his chin , somersault underwater so that , after total submersion , his kicking legs appeared first , then escape .
crawford had to drive the car into the pool , unlock his seat belt , put the gear into neutral , work four pedals that [freed] oxygen tanks — to slow down the sinking-speak twelve lines of dialogue as the water bubbled up around his chin , somersault underwater so that , after total submersion , his kicking legs appeared first , then escape .

, The Games and Hello-Goodbye had all been released during the previous nine months .
, the games and hello-goodbye had all been [freed] during the previous nine months .

American and British reviewers gave the film a thumbs-down when it was released at the end of 1972 .
american and british reviewers gave the film a thumbs-down when it was [freed] at the end of 1972 .

By the time Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland was released , Crawford and wife Gabrielle had split up , but they kept their parting quiet from the press for eighteen months .
by the time alice 's adventures in wonderland was [freed] , crawford and wife gabrielle had split up , but they kept their parting quiet from the press for eighteen months .

Species that were numerous around the boat and which were caught for a cursory examination only ’ were released again alive , ‘ the operation ’ , Gould maintained , giving ‘ not the least pain to the bird , the point of the hook merely taking hold in the horny and insensible tip of the beak .
species that were numerous around the boat and which were caught for a cursory examination only ’ were [freed] again alive , ‘ the operation ’ , gould maintained , giving ‘ not the least pain to the bird , the point of the hook merely taking hold in the horny and insensible tip of the beak .

Sydney had some way to go before it was released from the burden of compulsive immigration , and before it could present to the world a face that was uniquely its own .
sydney had some way to go before it was [freed] from the burden of compulsive immigration , and before it could present to the world a face that was uniquely its own .

According to a recently released market survey we have now emerged as the clear market leader in the pet retail trade for complete dry dog food and dry cat food .
according to a recently [freed] market survey we have now emerged as the clear market leader in the pet retail trade for complete dry dog food and dry cat food .

In the event of another company acquiring control of the Company through a takeover or reconstruction , then ( as an alternative to exercising his option as described in paragraph 6 ) a participant may , if the acquiring company so agrees , release his existing option in return for the grant of an option over shares in the acquiring company ( or a parent thereof ) having the same aggregate option prices and the same aggregate market value as the shares the subject of the options released , the new options being generally exercisable on the same terms as the old .
in the event of another company acquiring control of the company through a takeover or reconstruction , then ( as an alternative to exercising his option as described in paragraph 6 ) a participant may , if the acquiring company so agrees , release his existing option in return for the grant of an option over shares in the acquiring company ( or a parent thereof ) having the same aggregate option prices and the same aggregate market value as the shares the subject of the options [freed] , the new options being generally exercisable on the same terms as the old .

while we , released
while we , [freed]

Many of these workers may be farm workers released by mechanisation of agriculture .
many of these workers may be farm workers [freed] by mechanisation of agriculture .

Because the extra spending had been released by falling food prices , manufacturing employers did not lose their relative advantage by having to pay higher money wages .
because the extra spending had been [freed] by falling food prices , manufacturing employers did not lose their relative advantage by having to pay higher money wages .

Then he released her and ran about , as slowly as he could .
then he [freed] her and ran about , as slowly as he could .

They had come within sight of the stables by this time , and Mrs Alderley 's coachman , seeing his mistress approaching , made haste to open the door , calling to the groom who had accompanied them to reharness the horses which had been released from the bit .
they had come within sight of the stables by this time , and mrs alderley 's coachman , seeing his mistress approaching , made haste to open the door , calling to the groom who had accompanied them to reharness the horses which had been [freed] from the bit .

Araminta released her and sped away , leaving Theda to draw a breath , square her shoulders , and make for Lady Merchiston 's door .
araminta [freed] her and sped away , leaving theda to draw a breath , square her shoulders , and make for lady merchiston 's door .

Then , abruptly , she was released , falling back against her pillows with a gasp .
then , abruptly , she was [freed] , falling back against her pillows with a gasp .

Surprisingly she knew a moment 's regret when he released her ; the warmth of his body , the unmistakable strength of his arms , had been unexpectedly exhilarating , despite the absurdity of the situation .
surprisingly she knew a moment 's regret when he [freed] her ; the warmth of his body , the unmistakable strength of his arms , had been unexpectedly exhilarating , despite the absurdity of the situation .

She flung back the bedclothes and released a breath of pent-up fury , shaking her head in disbelief at that man 's ill-temper , at his supreme superiority .
she flung back the bedclothes and [freed] a breath of pent-up fury , shaking her head in disbelief at that man 's ill-temper , at his supreme superiority .

As soon as his fingers had released their hold Robyn turned and ran .
as soon as his fingers had [freed] their hold robyn turned and ran .

All the tension and nervousness and anger was released in one swift exit from the man who had dominated , despised and ridiculed her ever since they had first met .
all the tension and nervousness and anger was [freed] in one swift exit from the man who had dominated , despised and ridiculed her ever since they had first met .

Robyn swallowed and released a small breath .
robyn swallowed and [freed] a small breath .

And then , with almost a groan , he released her and stood up and moved away .
and then , with almost a groan , he [freed] her and stood up and moved away .

’ He straightened up and released her hand .
’ he straightened up and [freed] her hand .

He released her , reaching carefully over to the bedside cabinet , and pulled out a box .
he [freed] her , reaching carefully over to the bedside cabinet , and pulled out a box .

’ Halting , he released her hand and framed her exquisite face with warm palms .
’ halting , he [freed] her hand and framed her exquisite face with warm palms .

With a disbelieving smile , he released her and got slowly to his feet .
with a disbelieving smile , he [freed] her and got slowly to his feet .

The little curl of warmth in her stomach spread outwards and upwards , and , without giving herself time to think , she released the handbrake and followed his soft directions .
the little curl of warmth in her stomach spread outwards and upwards , and , without giving herself time to think , she [freed] the handbrake and followed his soft directions .

’ He sat back and released her from the probing examination , meeting her gaze more normally .
’ he sat back and [freed] her from the probing examination , meeting her gaze more normally .

So far she had seen nothing but a normal barn — bales of hay , racks of apples , a few garden tools — but now she found herself forced into the other side of the top floor and it was certainly different , so different in fact that as Alain released her she walked forward of her own volition .
so far she had seen nothing but a normal barn — bales of hay , racks of apples , a few garden tools — but now she found herself forced into the other side of the top floor and it was certainly different , so different in fact that as alain [freed] her she walked forward of her own volition .

’ She whispered it against the warmth of his neck and he released one hand to spear his fingers in her hair and tilt her face to his .
’ she whispered it against the warmth of his neck and he [freed] one hand to spear his fingers in her hair and tilt her face to his .

He released the small hand , and said , his voice suddenly pleading , ‘ Do n't go , McAllister .
he [freed] the small hand , and said , his voice suddenly pleading , ‘ do n't go , mcallister .

Still holding her , he locked the door behind them , then released her wrist to take her by the shoulders and pin her against the wall .
still holding her , he locked the door behind them , then [freed] her wrist to take her by the shoulders and pin her against the wall .

We would have to go to their office and pay maybe Rs 200 to get our goods released .
we would have to go to their office and pay maybe rs 200 to get our goods [freed] .

Six months before she was due to be released she was assessed for admission to a special hospital , at the request of the prison psychiatrist ; two months later she was transferred to Moss Side hospital .
six months before she was due to be [freed] she was assessed for admission to a special hospital , at the request of the prison psychiatrist ; two months later she was transferred to moss side hospital .

Anna released his hand . ‘ Oh ! So you know about that ? ’
anna [freed] his hand . ‘ oh ! so you know about that ? ’

Melody released him reluctantly — and only just in time .
melody [freed] him reluctantly — and only just in time .

Eventually he released her with what appeared to be reluctance , which was strange , she thought , because she would have expected a man with his inhibitions about women to have just brushed her mouth briefly and then dropped her like a glowing ember .
eventually he [freed] her with what appeared to be reluctance , which was strange , she thought , because she would have expected a man with his inhibitions about women to have just brushed her mouth briefly and then dropped her like a glowing ember .

His hands moved to her shoulders to put her from him , then he released her abruptly before turning to walk along the path .
his hands moved to her shoulders to put her from him , then he [freed] her abruptly before turning to walk along the path .

If the result of the income generation approach is that more resources are released to treat more patients and provide additional resources for their medical care , it does not seem that anyone should have to apologise for that policy .
if the result of the income generation approach is that more resources are [freed] to treat more patients and provide additional resources for their medical care , it does not seem that anyone should have to apologise for that policy .

The Criminal Justice Act will allow for much longer supervision of sex offenders after they are released from gaol .
the criminal justice act will allow for much longer supervision of sex offenders after they are [freed] from gaol .

Friend the Home Secretary will mean two things : first , convicted sex offenders will , rightly , spend much longer in prison ; and , secondly , they will be supervised when they are released .
friend the home secretary will mean two things : first , convicted sex offenders will , rightly , spend much longer in prison ; and , secondly , they will be supervised when they are [freed] .

We hope that those who have been arrested will be released immediately .
we hope that those who have been arrested will be [freed] immediately .

He should stop shilly-shallying around and mucking about and ensure that that £100 million of our money is released to our coal mining areas .
he should stop shilly-shallying around and mucking about and ensure that that £100 million of our money is [freed] to our coal mining areas .

Friend the Member for Cannock and Burntwood ( Mr. Howarth ) , these moneys must be released .
friend the member for cannock and burntwood ( mr. howarth ) , these moneys must be [freed] .

We are examining carefully the evidence from a number of recent studies by the police and others of the extent of offending on bail , and considering , in consultation with the Association of Chief Police Officers and others , what further action might reduce offending by people released on bail .
we are examining carefully the evidence from a number of recent studies by the police and others of the extent of offending on bail , and considering , in consultation with the association of chief police officers and others , what further action might reduce offending by people [freed] on bail .

To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department whether he will make a statement on the guidelines for the period of imprisonment to be served before prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment will be released on licence .
to ask the secretary of state for the home department whether he will make a statement on the guidelines for the period of imprisonment to be served before prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment will be [freed] on licence .

Is it not a fact that on 3 July last year the Minister of State told my hon. Friend the Member for East Lothian ( Mr. Home Robertson ) that the recruitment figures for individual battalions in Scotland would not be released on the ground of security , yet when it suited the Secretary of State 's purpose , he was prepared to release figures showing 67 per cent . recruitment to 15 Parachute regiment ?
is it not a fact that on 3 july last year the minister of state told my hon. friend the member for east lothian ( mr. home robertson ) that the recruitment figures for individual battalions in scotland would not be [freed] on the ground of security , yet when it suited the secretary of state 's purpose , he was prepared to release figures showing 67 per cent . recruitment to 15 parachute regiment ?

Has the Prime Minister had time today to study the Department of Trade and Industry 's figures that were released on Tuesday , which showed that over the last five years Chinese quotas for the importation of cashmere garments into the European Community have been exceeded by 500,000 units and that in 1991 the actual importation exceeded the quotas by over 400 per cent ? Is the Prime Minister aware that 500,000 cashmere jerseys are worth £75 million to textile communities such as my own in the central borders in Scotland ? Will he take a personal interest in stopping this scandalous dumping and make sure that the overshoot is clawed back during the next two years , the time remaining to the EC-Chinese trade agreement ?
has the prime minister had time today to study the department of trade and industry 's figures that were [freed] on tuesday , which showed that over the last five years chinese quotas for the importation of cashmere garments into the european community have been exceeded by 500,000 units and that in 1991 the actual importation exceeded the quotas by over 400 per cent ? is the prime minister aware that 500,000 cashmere jerseys are worth £75 million to textile communities such as my own in the central borders in scotland ? will he take a personal interest in stopping this scandalous dumping and make sure that the overshoot is clawed back during the next two years , the time remaining to the ec-chinese trade agreement ?

It is second to none and it is grateful that the figures that have been released today show that it will receive 10.2 per cent .
it is second to none and it is grateful that the figures that have been [freed] today show that it will receive 10.2 per cent .

Abruptly he released her and stepped away . ‘ As a vet , ’ he said curtly , ‘ should n't you have recognised the sounds a cow makes ? ’
abruptly he [freed] her and stepped away . ‘ as a vet , ’ he said curtly , ‘ should n't you have recognised the sounds a cow makes ? ’

The play exposes the horror of a world which , drained of its rituals , is left exposed to a released and enacted wickedness neither its individuals nor its institutions can contain .
the play exposes the horror of a world which , drained of its rituals , is left exposed to a [freed] and enacted wickedness neither its individuals nor its institutions can contain .

1622 itself was released to traffic during the week ending 6th December 1884 .
1622 itself was [freed] to traffic during the week ending 6th december 1884 .

His fingers tightened on her head for a second and then released her .
his fingers tightened on her head for a second and then [freed] her .

He released himself gently as he could and stood up , half-laughing ‘ That was a very strenuous good-night kiss , ’ he said .
he [freed] himself gently as he could and stood up , half-laughing ‘ that was a very strenuous good-night kiss , ’ he said .

Effortlessly , he released the recalcitrant belt and drew her into his arms .
effortlessly , he [freed] the recalcitrant belt and drew her into his arms .

Seas are overfished , pastures overgrazed , wild animals hunted to near extinction , or smoke released into the atmosphere , because it is not in the interests of one individual to reduce his consumption if others do not .
seas are overfished , pastures overgrazed , wild animals hunted to near extinction , or smoke [freed] into the atmosphere , because it is not in the interests of one individual to reduce his consumption if others do not .

The process itself consists of the systematic plan changes generated by the flow of market information released by market participation — that is , by the testing of plans in the market .
the process itself consists of the systematic plan changes generated by the flow of market information [freed] by market participation — that is , by the testing of plans in the market .

Gradually we are brought down to ground level , but not released .
gradually we are brought down to ground level , but not [freed] .

‘ Then , madam , the exchange of one commander for another is fair , is it not ? The other prisoners will be released on payment of ransom , as is the custom . ’
‘ then , madam , the exchange of one commander for another is fair , is it not ? the other prisoners will be [freed] on payment of ransom , as is the custom . ’

as if sensing that she had given up fighting him for the present , fitzAlan released her immediately , frowning down at her distraught face .
as if sensing that she had given up fighting him for the present , fitzalan [freed] her immediately , frowning down at her distraught face .

Still drugged with sleep , struggling to free herself from her half-dreaming state , Isabel 's eyes snapped open just as Guy released her mouth .
still drugged with sleep , struggling to free herself from her half-dreaming state , isabel 's eyes snapped open just as guy [freed] her mouth .

’ FitzAlan released the grey 's leg and glanced back .
’ fitzalan [freed] the grey 's leg and glanced back .

FitzAlan gave a short laugh and released her .
fitzalan gave a short laugh and [freed] her .

She released the chain and straightened , taking a quick step towards him .
she [freed] the chain and straightened , taking a quick step towards him .

’ He released Jack and took a step in Isabel 's direction .
’ he [freed] jack and took a step in isabel 's direction .

When Stephen reaches Winchester safely , the Earl of Gloucester will be released and his son detained .
when stephen reaches winchester safely , the earl of gloucester will be [freed] and his son detained .

FitzAlan released the latch and turned slowly to face her .
fitzalan [freed] the latch and turned slowly to face her .

Perhaps he was planning to weaken her before she was released from the dungeon .
perhaps he was planning to weaken her before she was [freed] from the dungeon .

Will be released in the sky , and the tympany
will be [freed] in the sky , and the tympany

With this , she released Belinda abruptly , and the chicken dinner went slopping over on to the tray again .
with this , she [freed] belinda abruptly , and the chicken dinner went slopping over on to the tray again .

But at least he had released her from that disturbing contact with his wide , strong chest and firm encircling arms , and the physical contact between them had brought one thing home to her very clearly — such a thing must definitely not happen again , or these next months would be utterly impossible .
but at least he had [freed] her from that disturbing contact with his wide , strong chest and firm encircling arms , and the physical contact between them had brought one thing home to her very clearly — such a thing must definitely not happen again , or these next months would be utterly impossible .

Tom released his sister and coaxed her back inside .
tom [freed] his sister and coaxed her back inside .

In 1983 , Forest Press decided to opt for the concept of continuous revision which means that Phoenixes and major revisions will be released as separates between editions .
in 1983 , forest press decided to opt for the concept of continuous revision which means that phoenixes and major revisions will be [freed] as separates between editions .

Realising she meant it , Luke released her at once , his glance straying briefly to the proud lift of her breasts before he stepped back .
realising she meant it , luke [freed] her at once , his glance straying briefly to the proud lift of her breasts before he stepped back .

The reluctance with which Luke released her was palpable , his expression drawn into lines of hostility , and as she sat up , and then stood , Maria found herself deriving a savagely biting joy from the fact that she had surprised him .
the reluctance with which luke [freed] her was palpable , his expression drawn into lines of hostility , and as she sat up , and then stood , maria found herself deriving a savagely biting joy from the fact that she had surprised him .

He had released her from his embrace , his hands merely holding her by the upper arms , and she sagged against him , trembling too violently to stand unaided , her knees buckling .
he had [freed] her from his embrace , his hands merely holding her by the upper arms , and she sagged against him , trembling too violently to stand unaided , her knees buckling .

Uttering that final rough accusation , he released her , thrusting her from him as though she were unclean .
uttering that final rough accusation , he [freed] her , thrusting her from him as though she were unclean .

His face curiously bleak , he slowly released her .
his face curiously bleak , he slowly [freed] her .

He arranged for him to be released from his vows and work as a chaplain in Templecombe and the surrounding villages and hamlets .
he arranged for him to be [freed] from his vows and work as a chaplain in templecombe and the surrounding villages and hamlets .

De Craon shook his head and the King released his grip .
de craon shook his head and the king [freed] his grip .

He positioned the arbalest , leaned over the wall and released the catch .
he positioned the arbalest , leaned over the wall and [freed] the catch .

The fellow was drunk and released the dogs as you left the palace .
the fellow was drunk and [freed] the dogs as you left the palace .

Corbett released the messenger whilst muttering his apologies and allowed Maeve and two of the servants to drag the fellow down the hallway into the buttery .
corbett [freed] the messenger whilst muttering his apologies and allowed maeve and two of the servants to drag the fellow down the hallway into the buttery .

He inserted the key , released the padlock and the door creaked open .
he inserted the key , [freed] the padlock and the door creaked open .

The pigeon is released and takes up a stance nearby .
the pigeon is [freed] and takes up a stance nearby .

His inscrutable glance met hers and then his heavy lashes dropped as he released the lacy strap .
his inscrutable glance met hers and then his heavy lashes dropped as he [freed] the lacy strap .

Slowly , as if driven , and knowing full well what she was doing , Meredith pulled off her hat and released her own hair again as he neared the end of the duckboards , still gently guiding the old lady and chatting to her courteously .
slowly , as if driven , and knowing full well what she was doing , meredith pulled off her hat and [freed] her own hair again as he neared the end of the duckboards , still gently guiding the old lady and chatting to her courteously .

She felt the steel strength of his arms around her and her skin quivered from the warmth of his breath on her cheek before he released her as if she might contaminate him .
she felt the steel strength of his arms around her and her skin quivered from the warmth of his breath on her cheek before he [freed] her as if she might contaminate him .

It was almost as if by kissing her he released some of that pent-up fury which lay simmering inside him .
it was almost as if by kissing her he [freed] some of that pent-up fury which lay simmering inside him .

Suddenly she released all the tenseness from her muscles , he relaxed his hold slightly , a surprised expression on his face that she should capitulate so easily , and she lifted her head with cold pride in every line of her body .
suddenly she [freed] all the tenseness from her muscles , he relaxed his hold slightly , a surprised expression on his face that she should capitulate so easily , and she lifted her head with cold pride in every line of her body .

Meredith quivered , aware that the warmth of his disarming smile was reaching into her own body , and she was relieved when he released her .
meredith quivered , aware that the warmth of his disarming smile was reaching into her own body , and she was relieved when he [freed] her .

‘ Oh , no , ’ she whispered , her voice released with her breasts .
‘ oh , no , ’ she whispered , her voice [freed] with her breasts .

Gently he released her and stood up .
gently he [freed] her and stood up .

Not uncommonly only half of the sieves required may be mounted on the shaker at a time , so the pan residue from the coarser fraction is released into the upper sieve of the finer part of the nest in order to complete the analysis .
not uncommonly only half of the sieves required may be mounted on the shaker at a time , so the pan residue from the coarser fraction is [freed] into the upper sieve of the finer part of the nest in order to complete the analysis .

Particles released simultaneously at the top settle through a broad tube which narrows into a smaller diameter tube at the base .
particles [freed] simultaneously at the top settle through a broad tube which narrows into a smaller diameter tube at the base .

In the sedimentation tube technique the particles are released simultaneously from the water surface , a process achieved by holding a 2–5 g sample on a platen by means of a wetting agent and lowering it into the water surface .
in the sedimentation tube technique the particles are [freed] simultaneously from the water surface , a process achieved by holding a 2–5 g sample on a platen by means of a wetting agent and lowering it into the water surface .

If the specimen is immersed face-down , bubbles can not be released and remain attracted by surface tension to the surface , locally impeding further reaction and giving a very uneven etch .
if the specimen is immersed face-down , bubbles can not be [freed] and remain attracted by surface tension to the surface , locally impeding further reaction and giving a very uneven etch .

To Huy 's relief , his shoulder was released .
to huy 's relief , his shoulder was [freed] .

When at last Luke released her , she found herself clinging to the kitchen cabinet like a shipwrecked mariner to a rock .
when at last luke [freed] her , she found herself clinging to the kitchen cabinet like a shipwrecked mariner to a rock .

He released her at once .
he [freed] her at once .

He released her abruptly , as though the physical contact was distasteful , and said in the same flat , grim voice , ‘ Reporting back to Daddy ? Have you never been criticised in your life before ? ’
he [freed] her abruptly , as though the physical contact was distasteful , and said in the same flat , grim voice , ‘ reporting back to daddy ? have you never been criticised in your life before ? ’

When he touched her on her elbow to guide her inside she very nearly snatched her arm away , only controlling the impulse at the last minute . His hand could only have been on her for a matter of seconds , if that , but when he released her she felt as though her skin had been scorched
when he touched her on her elbow to guide her inside she very nearly snatched her arm away , only controlling the impulse at the last minute . his hand could only have been on her for a matter of seconds , if that , but when he [freed] her she felt as though her skin had been scorched

He released one arm to run his fingers through his hair , his face tight and expressionless .
he [freed] one arm to run his fingers through his hair , his face tight and expressionless .

She closed her eyes as he thrust into her , moving with rhythmic deliberation until everything exploded in her , and she released her breath in one long sigh of physical fulfilment .
she closed her eyes as he thrust into her , moving with rhythmic deliberation until everything exploded in her , and she [freed] her breath in one long sigh of physical fulfilment .

‘ Ah , so that 's it , is it ? ’ He released her and sat back , flexing his legs in the confines of the car .
‘ ah , so that 's it , is it ? ’ he [freed] her and sat back , flexing his legs in the confines of the car .

He had still not released her hair , and he guided her firmly towards the sofa and sat her down , sitting beside her but very close , as though warning her that she could n't escape if that was what she intended .
he had still not [freed] her hair , and he guided her firmly towards the sofa and sat her down , sitting beside her but very close , as though warning her that she could n't escape if that was what she intended .

As though reading her mind , he released her and looked down at her face , the intensity of his stare making her flush .
as though reading her mind , he [freed] her and looked down at her face , the intensity of his stare making her flush .

They pulled sharply at the strings , then released the kites so that they flew in a succession of angular jerks , higher and higher into the pink evening sky .
they pulled sharply at the strings , then [freed] the kites so that they flew in a succession of angular jerks , higher and higher into the pink evening sky .

It 's like when you increase the tension on a spring : the pressure is straining to be released .
it 's like when you increase the tension on a spring : the pressure is straining to be [freed] .

It was nearly closing time , and the school party , thankfully marshalled by its young leader , was pouring vociferously out into the chill of the early evening , and heading with released shouts for its waiting coach .
it was nearly closing time , and the school party , thankfully marshalled by its young leader , was pouring vociferously out into the chill of the early evening , and heading with [freed] shouts for its waiting coach .

‘ Or alternatively anyone who they released recently with similar ones .
‘ or alternatively anyone who they [freed] recently with similar ones .

So little had been released from that tight grip , and there was so little natural affinity between them that , for all the hours they had spent in this room together , they remained strangers to one another .
so little had been [freed] from that tight grip , and there was so little natural affinity between them that , for all the hours they had spent in this room together , they remained strangers to one another .

Emilia sighed and released her grip .
emilia sighed and [freed] her grip .

There was a long silence in which he sat , nodding , before he released his grip .
there was a long silence in which he sat , nodding , before he [freed] his grip .

She released her breath in a sigh of exasperation .
she [freed] her breath in a sigh of exasperation .

He grinned and released her except for one hand , of which he kept tight hold .
he grinned and [freed] her except for one hand , of which he kept tight hold .

She struggled ineffectively and he released her , but not because of her struggle .
she struggled ineffectively and he [freed] her , but not because of her struggle .

George waved and Maxim was released to make the last few yards by himself .
george waved and maxim was [freed] to make the last few yards by himself .

She had never seen her mother 's withered leg ; indeed , imagining it had fuelled some of the worst nightmares of her childhood , worse even than Afghanistan which was at least safely half a world anyway , not just down a corridor , released from its sheath of leather and metal , grotesque and awful .
she had never seen her mother 's withered leg ; indeed , imagining it had fuelled some of the worst nightmares of her childhood , worse even than afghanistan which was at least safely half a world anyway , not just down a corridor , [freed] from its sheath of leather and metal , grotesque and awful .

Before dinner , Alexandra brought the claret box down into the dining-room and released the occupants .
before dinner , alexandra brought the claret box down into the dining-room and [freed] the occupants .

We also enjoyed a film , NZ-made ( and based ) , called ‘ The End of the Golden Weather ’ , based on a play by Bruce Mason , which had just been released .
we also enjoyed a film , nz-made ( and based ) , called ‘ the end of the golden weather ’ , based on a play by bruce mason , which had just been [freed] .

Grants in respect of capital expenditure incurred after 31st March 1991 are included in creditors and released to the profit and loss account in equal instalments over the expected useful lives of the related assets .
grants in respect of capital expenditure incurred after 31st march 1991 are included in creditors and [freed] to the profit and loss account in equal instalments over the expected useful lives of the related assets .

When the revolt collapsed and Judith was released , Charles rode out with his uncle Drogo bishop of Metz to escort her home to a ceremonial reception at Aachen in February 831 .
when the revolt collapsed and judith was [freed] , charles rode out with his uncle drogo bishop of metz to escort her home to a ceremonial reception at aachen in february 831 .

As soon as the political problem was resolved , he released military operations from their state of suspended animation .
as soon as the political problem was resolved , he [freed] military operations from their state of suspended animation .

as if this is n't enough , the Methane , and other gases released can have a serious effect on the ozone layer .
as if this is n't enough , the methane , and other gases [freed] can have a serious effect on the ozone layer .

One is illustrated by the fact that the blacks call their church first purchase , this is because it was the first thing that their community bought when they were all released from slavery , another form of racial prejudice on behalf of the whites .
one is illustrated by the fact that the blacks call their church first purchase , this is because it was the first thing that their community bought when they were all [freed] from slavery , another form of racial prejudice on behalf of the whites .

He was released .
he was [freed] .

When the archbishop heard this he pretended that the king would not allow it to be done ; the pope , fired with the zeal of justice , ordered the archbishop in virtue of the obedience owed to him , not to delay longer in carrying this out or he would find himself suspended from his priestly office and his suffragans released from obedience to him .
when the archbishop heard this he pretended that the king would not allow it to be done ; the pope , fired with the zeal of justice , ordered the archbishop in virtue of the obedience owed to him , not to delay longer in carrying this out or he would find himself suspended from his priestly office and his suffragans [freed] from obedience to him .

Opposition trade unionist leader Chakufwa Chihana was on July 11 unexpectedly released on bail , along with 10 other political prisoners , following pressure from Western governments over Malawi 's human rights record .
opposition trade unionist leader chakufwa chihana was on july 11 unexpectedly [freed] on bail , along with 10 other political prisoners , following pressure from western governments over malawi 's human rights record .

The leaders of the black Moslem fundamentalist Jamaat al-Moslemeen , Yasin Abu Bakr and Bilal Abdullah , and 114 other members of the group were released from prison on July 1 .
the leaders of the black moslem fundamentalist jamaat al-moslemeen , yasin abu bakr and bilal abdullah , and 114 other members of the group were [freed] from prison on july 1 .

Official estimates released on June 24 showed that foreign investment had increased by 48 per cent in 1992 .
official estimates [freed] on june 24 showed that foreign investment had increased by 48 per cent in 1992 .

The human rights organization Amnesty International in its 1992 annual report released on July 9 claimed that governments around the world had connived with security forces in permitting extrajudicial murder , abduction and torture .
the human rights organization amnesty international in its 1992 annual report [freed] on july 9 claimed that governments around the world had connived with security forces in permitting extrajudicial murder , abduction and torture .

On May 23 , 187 political prisoners were released , while defeated or deserting government troops began to drift back to the capital .
on may 23 , 187 political prisoners were [freed] , while defeated or deserting government troops began to drift back to the capital .

Under the terms of the Pretoria Minute , all political prisoners were to be released by April 30 but the deadline had passed with more than 1,000 people with claims to political prisoner status still in custody , according to the group Lawyers for Human Rights .
under the terms of the pretoria minute , all political prisoners were to be [freed] by april 30 but the deadline had passed with more than 1,000 people with claims to political prisoner status still in custody , according to the group lawyers for human rights .

He surrendered himself to police in Palm Beach , Florida , on May 11 and was released after posting a $ 10,000 bond before the Palm Beach County sheriff .
he surrendered himself to police in palm beach , florida , on may 11 and was [freed] after posting a $ 10,000 bond before the palm beach county sheriff .

Elizardo Sánchez Santacruz , a political dissident widely recognized as a prisoner of conscience , was released from prison by the Cuban authorities on May 5 .
elizardo sánchez santacruz , a political dissident widely recognized as a prisoner of conscience , was [freed] from prison by the cuban authorities on may 5 .

They were indicted for `` conspiring to commit sedition `` , but were released on bail .
they were indicted for `` conspiring to commit sedition `` , but were [freed] on bail .

In a highly critical report on the Punjab released on May 10 the international human rights organization Amnesty International claimed that over 10,000 Sikhs were being detained in the state without trial [ see p. 38151 for April announcement of release from detention of Sikh youths detained for minor offences ] .
in a highly critical report on the punjab [freed] on may 10 the international human rights organization amnesty international claimed that over 10,000 sikhs were being detained in the state without trial [ see p. 38151 for april announcement of release from detention of sikh youths detained for minor offences ] .

Both Stoph and Kessler had been arrested in late 1989 in connection with corruption investigations [ see p. 37107 ] , but had been released in January and February 1990 respectively .
both stoph and kessler had been arrested in late 1989 in connection with corruption investigations [ see p. 37107 ] , but had been [freed] in january and february 1990 respectively .

Paratroopers were dropped into Croatia , breaking the 10-day siege of Kijevo by Serbs and delivering food and medical supplies , and also into western areas of Bosnia-Herzegovinia , where they released the military convoy held up by Croatians .
paratroopers were dropped into croatia , breaking the 10-day siege of kijevo by serbs and delivering food and medical supplies , and also into western areas of bosnia-herzegovinia , where they [freed] the military convoy held up by croatians .

Apparently following a plea by the newly returned Uniate Cardinal Miroslav Lubachivsky [ see p. 38104-05 ] , Khmara had finally been released pending trial on April 5 after almost five months in investigative custody ( the delay in bringing him to trial resulted from the original indictment having been withdrawn by the prosecution in early March for further investigations ) .
apparently following a plea by the newly returned uniate cardinal miroslav lubachivsky [ see p. 38104-05 ] , khmara had finally been [freed] pending trial on april 5 after almost five months in investigative custody ( the delay in bringing him to trial resulted from the original indictment having been withdrawn by the prosecution in early march for further investigations ) .

Although dozens of political detainees had been released in August 1990 and in March 1991 , the report said that more than 100 political prisoners continued to be held , some `` for up to seven years without ever being charged or going to trial `` .
although dozens of political detainees had been [freed] in august 1990 and in march 1991 , the report said that more than 100 political prisoners continued to be held , some `` for up to seven years without ever being charged or going to trial `` .

On Jan. 30 , 1991 , the ruling Liberal Party in Quebec released a report which offered a `` last chance `` to Canada by demanding that the federal government accord a special status to Quebec whereby the province would have jurisdiction over almost all of its domestic affairs .
on jan. 30 , 1991 , the ruling liberal party in quebec [freed] a report which offered a `` last chance `` to canada by demanding that the federal government accord a special status to quebec whereby the province would have jurisdiction over almost all of its domestic affairs .

According to preliminary figures released by the Central Bank the economy grew by 1.6 per cent in 1990 , the lowest rate since the recovery from the steep recession in 1982-83 .
according to preliminary figures [freed] by the central bank the economy grew by 1.6 per cent in 1990 , the lowest rate since the recovery from the steep recession in 1982-83 .

On Aug. 27 Dieter Gerhardt , a former commander of the Simonstown naval base , was released from prison where he had been serving a life sentence since 1983 after being convicted of acting as an agent for the Soviet Union [ see p. 32659 ] .
on aug. 27 dieter gerhardt , a former commander of the simonstown naval base , was [freed] from prison where he had been serving a life sentence since 1983 after being convicted of acting as an agent for the soviet union [ see p. 32659 ] .

The other church leaders were released after several hours in custody , although three were re-arrested the following day .
the other church leaders were [freed] after several hours in custody , although three were re-arrested the following day .

Amnesty International , the human rights organization , released a report on Aug. 20 based on two weeks of detailed investigations conducted in Haiti in late March .
amnesty international , the human rights organization , [freed] a report on aug. 20 based on two weeks of detailed investigations conducted in haiti in late march .

36720-22 ] , the poet and theorist Wu Jiaxing was sentenced on Aug. 25 to three years ' imprisonment for `` counter-revolutionary incitement and propaganda `` , and then released for time served .
36720-22 ] , the poet and theorist wu jiaxing was sentenced on aug. 25 to three years ' imprisonment for `` counter-revolutionary incitement and propaganda `` , and then [freed] for time served .

Bankrupt Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond was released from prison on Aug. 27 after the Western Australian Court of Criminal Appeal quashed a fraud conviction against him .
bankrupt australian entrepreneur alan bond was [freed] from prison on aug. 27 after the western australian court of criminal appeal quashed a fraud conviction against him .

( Gventsadze was released on Aug. 14 . )
( gventsadze was [freed] on aug. 14 . )

On Aug. 19 , Kavsadze was released .
on aug. 19 , kavsadze was [freed] .

The prisoners released had all served at least two-thirds of their sentences .
the prisoners [freed] had all served at least two-thirds of their sentences .

The Yugoslavian Red Cross released details of refugee figures on Jan. 23 .
the yugoslavian red cross [freed] details of refugee figures on jan. 23 .

The Canadian Human Rights Commission released a report on Jan. 15 which concluded that the rights of a group of native Inuit had been violated when they were forcibly relocated from northern Quebec to the Arctic wilderness of Cornwallis and Ellesmere Islands .
the canadian human rights commission [freed] a report on jan. 15 which concluded that the rights of a group of native inuit had been violated when they were forcibly relocated from northern quebec to the arctic wilderness of cornwallis and ellesmere islands .

In a statement released on Jan. 6 , leading members of the Medellín drug cartel , known as Los Extraditables , declared that they would take reprisals against the rival Cali cartel , claiming that one of the Cali leaders , Gilberto Orijuela , had hired Luis Meneses — more commonly known as Ariel Otero , the former leader of some of the most powerful right-wing paramilitary organizations in the country — to kill them .
in a statement [freed] on jan. 6 , leading members of the medellín drug cartel , known as los extraditables , declared that they would take reprisals against the rival cali cartel , claiming that one of the cali leaders , gilberto orijuela , had hired luis meneses — more commonly known as ariel otero , the former leader of some of the most powerful right-wing paramilitary organizations in the country — to kill them .

He had been released prior to the signing of the October 1991 peace agreement .
he had been [freed] prior to the signing of the october 1991 peace agreement .

On Jan. 16 the Finance Ministry released a list of 648 companies under investigation , including Renfe and Equidesa and a third state-owned company , Empresa Nacional Bazán .
on jan. 16 the finance ministry [freed] a list of 648 companies under investigation , including renfe and equidesa and a third state-owned company , empresa nacional bazán .

The three `` suspects `` were released by the Israelis on Dec. 21 .
the three `` suspects `` were [freed] by the israelis on dec. 21 .

Controllers in Strasbourg said that they had lost radio contact with the airliner without warning and that no distress signals had been released .
controllers in strasbourg said that they had lost radio contact with the airliner without warning and that no distress signals had been [freed] .

The three were released on Aug. 29 after undertaking to abide by Kelly 's injunction .
the three were [freed] on aug. 29 after undertaking to abide by kelly 's injunction .

According to a report by the non-government Human Rights Commission of Pakistan released on Aug. 18 , thousands of children were being forced into bonded labour , especially in the country 's brick-making and carpet-weaving industries .
according to a report by the non-government human rights commission of pakistan [freed] on aug. 18 , thousands of children were being forced into bonded labour , especially in the country 's brick-making and carpet-weaving industries .

Meanwhile , an Indian Defence Ministry report released on Aug. 1 claimed that Pakistan was secretly continuing the development of a weapons-oriented nuclear programme with Chinese assistance .
meanwhile , an indian defence ministry report [freed] on aug. 1 claimed that pakistan was secretly continuing the development of a weapons-oriented nuclear programme with chinese assistance .

Nevertheless in a statement released on Aug. 23 the United States embassy in Beijing said it was `` deeply disturbed `` by news of the hunger strike , and urged the government to grant an amnesty to all political prisoners .
nevertheless in a statement [freed] on aug. 23 the united states embassy in beijing said it was `` deeply disturbed `` by news of the hunger strike , and urged the government to grant an amnesty to all political prisoners .

30642-44 ] , was released from prison on Aug. 19 after serving 11 years of a 14 @ 1/2-year sentence for treason .
30642-44 ] , was [freed] from prison on aug. 19 after serving 11 years of a 14 @ 1/2-year sentence for treason .

On Aug. 8 the British hostage John McCarthy was released in Beirut ; he was swiftly transported to the Syrian capital , Damascus , and thence flown back to the United Kingdom .
on aug. 8 the british hostage john mccarthy was [freed] in beirut ; he was swiftly transported to the syrian capital , damascus , and thence flown back to the united kingdom .

McCarthy , the first Western hostage released in Lebanon since the freeing of Brian Keenan in August 1990 [ see p. 37668 ] , had been kidnapped in Beirut on April 17 , 1986 , only a short while after arriving in the city to serve as acting bureau chief for Worldwide Television [ see p. 34458 ] .
mccarthy , the first western hostage [freed] in lebanon since the freeing of brian keenan in august 1990 [ see p. 37668 ] , had been kidnapped in beirut on april 17 , 1986 , only a short while after arriving in the city to serve as acting bureau chief for worldwide television [ see p. 34458 ] .

Jerome Leyraud , a French worker for the relief agency Médécins du Monde , was kidnapped in West Beirut only hours after McCarthy 's release on Aug. 8 , apparently by a radical Shia faction opposed to the release of hostages , but he was released unharmed at dawn on Aug. 11 .
jerome leyraud , a french worker for the relief agency médécins du monde , was kidnapped in west beirut only hours after mccarthy 's release on aug. 8 , apparently by a radical shia faction opposed to the release of hostages , but he was [freed] unharmed at dawn on aug. 11 .

During late August various sources released information on the seven Israeli MIAs .
during late august various sources [freed] information on the seven israeli mias .

The amnesty , announced in an official communiqué , gave no details of the identities of those released .
the amnesty , announced in an official communiqué , gave no details of the identities of those [freed] .

In the preamble to the final version of the Declaration released by Egyptian officials , contracting parties reaffirmed their `` rejection of the aggressive course and alignment that occurred during the Iraqi aggression and occupation of the state of Kuwait `` and recognized that it had `` destroyed many of the concepts and achievements of joint Arab action `` .
in the preamble to the final version of the declaration [freed] by egyptian officials , contracting parties reaffirmed their `` rejection of the aggressive course and alignment that occurred during the iraqi aggression and occupation of the state of kuwait `` and recognized that it had `` destroyed many of the concepts and achievements of joint arab action `` .

Le Monde of Jan. 15 also reported that Kuwait 's ambassador in Baghdad , held under house arrest since Aug. 2 , 1990 and suffering from heart problems , had been released at the request of King Hussein and given permission to leave Iraq .
le monde of jan. 15 also reported that kuwait 's ambassador in baghdad , held under house arrest since aug. 2 , 1990 and suffering from heart problems , had been [freed] at the request of king hussein and given permission to leave iraq .

Although little hard information was released concerning the nature of targets and the level of damage inflicted by the air campaign , it appeared that the initial attacks were directed against Iraqi command structures , airfields , missile sites , chemical and nuclear facilities and elements of civilian infrastructure such as electrical power plants .
although little hard information was [freed] concerning the nature of targets and the level of damage inflicted by the air campaign , it appeared that the initial attacks were directed against iraqi command structures , airfields , missile sites , chemical and nuclear facilities and elements of civilian infrastructure such as electrical power plants .

Iraqi claims that the oil had been released by allied attacks on two Iraqi tankers on Jan. 22 were dismissed by most commentators .
iraqi claims that the oil had been [freed] by allied attacks on two iraqi tankers on jan. 22 were dismissed by most commentators .

Jan. 20 Radio Mogadishu reports that Siyad Barre has accepted resignation of government of Prime Minister Mohammed Hawadie Madar , and asked Umar Arteh Ghalib , a former Foreign Minister who had been released from house arrest to serve on the reconciliation committee , to form a government .
jan. 20 radio mogadishu reports that siyad barre has accepted resignation of government of prime minister mohammed hawadie madar , and asked umar arteh ghalib , a former foreign minister who had been [freed] from house arrest to serve on the reconciliation committee , to form a government .

Three of the eight had already been released [ see pp .
three of the eight had already been [freed] [ see pp .

The literary critic Liu Xiaobo , previously described as a `` black hand `` behind the demonstrations , was released .
the literary critic liu xiaobo , previously described as a `` black hand `` behind the demonstrations , was [freed] .

Altogether 66 people accused of minor crimes were released without trial after showing repentance and performing `` meritorious services `` , it was officially reported .
altogether 66 people accused of minor crimes were [freed] without trial after showing repentance and performing `` meritorious services `` , it was officially reported .

The proposed targets for the eighth five-year plan ( 1991-95 ) and the 10-year strategic development plan ( 1991-2000 ) , as adopted at the seventh plenum of the 13th Central Committee on Dec. 25-30 , 1990 [ see p. 37917 ] , were released on Jan. 28 .
the proposed targets for the eighth five-year plan ( 1991-95 ) and the 10-year strategic development plan ( 1991-2000 ) , as adopted at the seventh plenum of the 13th central committee on dec. 25-30 , 1990 [ see p. 37917 ] , were [freed] on jan. 28 .

The federal national bank set in train attempts to block the Serbian issue and to recover the money already released .
the federal national bank set in train attempts to block the serbian issue and to recover the money already [freed] .

In a June 7 referendum 74.25 per cent of the republic 's 213,000 electors voted in favour of a new constitution , according to official figures released on June 10 .
in a june 7 referendum 74.25 per cent of the republic 's 213,000 electors voted in favour of a new constitution , according to official figures [freed] on june 10 .

In a sharply worded communiqué released on Aug. 16 , the Secretariat of Foreign Relations in Mexico City described the ruling as `` invalid and unacceptable `` .
in a sharply worded communiqué [freed] on aug. 16 , the secretariat of foreign relations in mexico city described the ruling as `` invalid and unacceptable `` .

According to the Foreign Ministry statement , the former officials were released on April 30 , the 17th anniversary of the fall of Saigon to the communist forces .
according to the foreign ministry statement , the former officials were [freed] on april 30 , the 17th anniversary of the fall of saigon to the communist forces .

An official spokesman said on June 20 that the government did not intend to suspend work on the Narmada River irrigation projects despite the recommendations of a World Bank-commissioned study , released on June 19 , which highlighted the project 's extensive damage to the environment and threat to the way of life of the local tribal population .
an official spokesman said on june 20 that the government did not intend to suspend work on the narmada river irrigation projects despite the recommendations of a world bank-commissioned study , [freed] on june 19 , which highlighted the project 's extensive damage to the environment and threat to the way of life of the local tribal population .

The human rights organization Amnesty International said in a report released on June 3 that the government was `` relentlessly harassing `` its opponents in Sind through mass police round-ups , detentions and widespread torture .
the human rights organization amnesty international said in a report [freed] on june 3 that the government was `` relentlessly harassing `` its opponents in sind through mass police round-ups , detentions and widespread torture .

The three , all released on bail the same day , faced charges of conspiring ( shortly after Maxwell 's death ) to defraud the Swiss Volksbank of $ 35,500,000 by falsely representing the Robert Maxwell Group as holding shares in Berlitz International .
the three , all [freed] on bail the same day , faced charges of conspiring ( shortly after maxwell 's death ) to defraud the swiss volksbank of $ 35,500,000 by falsely representing the robert maxwell group as holding shares in berlitz international .

On June 10 the Interior Ministry announced that 2,000 detainees had been recently released , in addition to those released gradually since March .
on june 10 the interior ministry announced that 2,000 detainees had been recently [freed] , in addition to those [freed] gradually since march .

Two German relief workers who had been held hostage in Beirut since May 17 , 1989 , were released on June 17 .
two german relief workers who had been held hostage in beirut since may 17 , 1989 , were [freed] on june 17 .

Following an appeal made by Major during his visit , the Hong Kong businessman Luo Haixing was released from prison on Sept. 9 `` on bail for medical treatment outside the country `` .
following an appeal made by major during his visit , the hong kong businessman luo haixing was [freed] from prison on sept. 9 `` on bail for medical treatment outside the country `` .

Thailand 's seventh five-year development plan , for the 1992-96 period , was released by the National Economic and Social Development Board on Sept. 9 .
thailand 's seventh five-year development plan , for the 1992-96 period , was [freed] by the national economic and social development board on sept. 9 .

Five foreigners kidnapped by a Turkish Kurdish group on Aug. 30 were released on Sept. 20 .
five foreigners kidnapped by a turkish kurdish group on aug. 30 were [freed] on sept. 20 .

Lt.-Gen. Jaime Milans del Bosch y Ussía , who had led the abortive coup attempt of 1981 , was released on June 30 , 1990 , after serving nine years of his 30-year sentence [ see pp .
lt.-gen. jaime milans del bosch y ussía , who had led the abortive coup attempt of 1981 , was [freed] on june 30 , 1990 , after serving nine years of his 30-year sentence [ see pp .

He had earlier refused to leave prison until all the other 15 people imprisoned on the same charge had been released .
he had earlier refused to leave prison until all the other 15 people imprisoned on the same charge had been [freed] .

Roger Cooper , who had been imprisoned in Iran since 1985 , was released in April 1991 [ see p. 38169 ] .
roger cooper , who had been imprisoned in iran since 1985 , was [freed] in april 1991 [ see p. 38169 ] .

On June 19 the government released official security statistics for 1990 .
on june 19 the government [freed] official security statistics for 1990 .

In March 1991 the `` Birmingham Six `` ( convicted for the murder of 21 people in the 1974 bombing of two Birmingham public houses ) were released [ see p. 38111 ] ; in June the 1976 convictions of the `` Maguire Seven `` in connection with the 1974 Guildford and Woolwich public house bombings were quashed [ see p. 38301 ] , and in September the case of Judith Ward , sentenced to life imprisonment in December 1974 for the bombing the previous February of a coach on a Yorkshire motorway , was referred to an Appeal Court [ see p. 38445 ] .
in march 1991 the `` birmingham six `` ( convicted for the murder of 21 people in the 1974 bombing of two birmingham public houses ) were [freed] [ see p. 38111 ] ; in june the 1976 convictions of the `` maguire seven `` in connection with the 1974 guildford and woolwich public house bombings were quashed [ see p. 38301 ] , and in september the case of judith ward , sentenced to life imprisonment in december 1974 for the bombing the previous february of a coach on a yorkshire motorway , was referred to an appeal court [ see p. 38445 ] .

Former Prime Minister and leader of the Umma party Sadiq al-Mahdi was among the detainees released under an amnesty announced by Bashir as he opened a " National Conference on the Political System " in Khartoum held on April 29-May 2 .
former prime minister and leader of the umma party sadiq al-mahdi was among the detainees [freed] under an amnesty announced by bashir as he opened a " national conference on the political system " in khartoum held on april 29-may 2 .

Radwan Abu Ayyash , head of the Arab Journalists Association , was released from `` administrative detention `` on April 12 .
radwan abu ayyash , head of the arab journalists association , was [freed] from `` administrative detention `` on april 12 .

The Middle East Economic Digest of May 31 released a list of 30 companies being considered by the government for privatization [ see p. 38007 ] .
the middle east economic digest of may 31 [freed] a list of 30 companies being considered by the government for privatization [ see p. 38007 ] .

He had been released on parole in October 1990 on the grounds of ill-health .
he had been [freed] on parole in october 1990 on the grounds of ill-health .

Douglas Brand , a British engineer who was on May 13 sentenced to life imprisonment on charges of spying , was released on June 20 .
douglas brand , a british engineer who was on may 13 sentenced to life imprisonment on charges of spying , was [freed] on june 20 .

On June 18 the Washington-based Human Rights Watch demanded that those convicted be released or granted re-trials .
on june 18 the washington-based human rights watch demanded that those convicted be [freed] or granted re-trials .

Adnan Damiri , a student leader who had recently been released from Qeziot prison , contended that the constant killing of alleged collaborators was undermining the intifada .
adnan damiri , a student leader who had recently been [freed] from qeziot prison , contended that the constant killing of alleged collaborators was undermining the intifada .

In a significant statement on " partnership with the countries of central and eastern Europe " released on June 6 , ministers offered to increase economic and political co-operation aimed at " a Europe whole and free " .
in a significant statement on " partnership with the countries of central and eastern europe " [freed] on june 6 , ministers offered to increase economic and political co-operation aimed at " a europe whole and free " .

The announcement , released by aides to President Mitterrand , formed part of wider proposals for global disarmament aimed at abolishing chemical and biological weapons and drastically reducing the world 's nuclear arsenals .
the announcement , [freed] by aides to president mitterrand , formed part of wider proposals for global disarmament aimed at abolishing chemical and biological weapons and drastically reducing the world 's nuclear arsenals .

It stressed , however , that no deal had been done , that the move would not divide the coalition ranged against Iraq , and that all remaining hostages should be released forthwith .
it stressed , however , that no deal had been done , that the move would not divide the coalition ranged against iraq , and that all remaining hostages should be [freed] forthwith .

Widespread curfews were imposed and Israeli security forces began arresting large numbers of Palestinians , including prominent leaders such as Faisal al-Husseini who was eventually released , uncharged , on Oct. 24 .
widespread curfews were imposed and israeli security forces began arresting large numbers of palestinians , including prominent leaders such as faisal al-husseini who was eventually [freed] , uncharged , on oct. 24 .

The two men convicted , a number of detainees held in connection with the same case , and all those involved in the Oct. 5 events , were subsequently pardoned and released by presidential decree .
the two men convicted , a number of detainees held in connection with the same case , and all those involved in the oct. 5 events , were subsequently pardoned and [freed] by presidential decree .

In a speech at a national conference on industrial production made on Aug. 2 and released on Oct. 8 , Li Peng warned against `` blind `` over-rapid growth , and summed up the policies to be continued into the first two years of the forthcoming eighth five-year plan as `` rectification and the deepening of reform `` , with the emphasis on central control .
in a speech at a national conference on industrial production made on aug. 2 and [freed] on oct. 8 , li peng warned against `` blind `` over-rapid growth , and summed up the policies to be continued into the first two years of the forthcoming eighth five-year plan as `` rectification and the deepening of reform `` , with the emphasis on central control .

Two Japanese seamen , imprisoned in North Korea since 1983 , were released on Oct. 11 and were allowed to return to their homeland .
two japanese seamen , imprisoned in north korea since 1983 , were [freed] on oct. 11 and were allowed to return to their homeland .

Two who were released , were later recalled , even though they had committed no further offences .
two who were [freed] , were later recalled , even though they had committed no further offences .

The findings of the board of inquiry into the alleged September 1989 coup plot were released on Nov. 10 , 1989 .
the findings of the board of inquiry into the alleged september 1989 coup plot were [freed] on nov. 10 , 1989 .

The announcement represented a victory for the Civil Liberties Organization , which the previous October had released a report drawing attention to the appalling conditions in Nigeria 's prisons and claiming that hundreds of prisoners had died of malnutrition or untreated diseases .
the announcement represented a victory for the civil liberties organization , which the previous october had [freed] a report drawing attention to the appalling conditions in nigeria 's prisons and claiming that hundreds of prisoners had died of malnutrition or untreated diseases .

Justice Minister Prince Bola Ajibola confirmed that by Feb. 12 a total of 5,200 prisoners had been released under the amnesty .
justice minister prince bola ajibola confirmed that by feb. 12 a total of 5,200 prisoners had been [freed] under the amnesty .

Fawehinmi , charged over a magazine article in which he accused Babangida of planning to cling to power , had already been sentenced on Jan. 5 to 12 months imprisonment for contempt of court , but had been released on bail pending an appeal .
fawehinmi , charged over a magazine article in which he accused babangida of planning to cling to power , had already been sentenced on jan. 5 to 12 months imprisonment for contempt of court , but had been [freed] on bail pending an appeal .

Many of those detained after the attempt were quickly released .
many of those detained after the attempt were quickly [freed] .

Former Prime Minister ( in 1974-79 ) Patrick John was released from prison the day after the general election , having served only 4 @ 1/2 years of a 12-year sentence imposed in October 1985 for conspiracy to overthrow the government [ see p. 35964 ] .
former prime minister ( in 1974-79 ) patrick john was [freed] from prison the day after the general election , having served only 4 @ 1/2 years of a 12-year sentence imposed in october 1985 for conspiracy to overthrow the government [ see p. 35964 ] .

Malcolm Reid , a former deputy commander of the Dominica Defence Force ( disbanded in 1981 ) , who was convicted and imprisoned with John , was also released .
malcolm reid , a former deputy commander of the dominica defence force ( disbanded in 1981 ) , who was convicted and imprisoned with john , was also [freed] .

Mielke had been arrested in December 1989 [ see p. 37107 ] but then released on health grounds .
mielke had been arrested in december 1989 [ see p. 37107 ] but then [freed] on health grounds .

During July Albrecht , Beer , Lotze , Maier-Witt , Sternebeck and Viett were all handed over to the West German authorities ; Seckendorff-Gudent was released after allegations against him were dropped .
during july albrecht , beer , lotze , maier-witt , sternebeck and viett were all handed over to the west german authorities ; seckendorff-gudent was [freed] after allegations against him were dropped .

On Dec. 22 , 1989 , a senior West German official announced that 28 West German secret agents and 90 political prisoners ( mostly imprisoned for trying to flee the country ) had been released from East German prisons and sent to West Germany in exchange for the release of two former senior West German government secretaries , Elke Falk [ see p. 36046 ] and Margret Hocke , who had `` spied for love `` , and two East German agents .
on dec. 22 , 1989 , a senior west german official announced that 28 west german secret agents and 90 political prisoners ( mostly imprisoned for trying to flee the country ) had been [freed] from east german prisons and sent to west germany in exchange for the release of two former senior west german government secretaries , elke falk [ see p. 36046 ] and margret hocke , who had `` spied for love `` , and two east german agents .

Honecker ( arrested in December but released on Jan. 4 , 1990 — see p. 37107 ) was moved to a Berlin prison on Jan. 29 upon his release from hospital [ see p. 37172 ] .
honecker ( arrested in december but [freed] on jan. 4 , 1990 — see p. 37107 ) was moved to a berlin prison on jan. 29 upon his release from hospital [ see p. 37172 ] .

The prison 's 1,300 inmates — many of them political detainees — were reported to have been released .
the prison 's 1,300 inmates — many of them political detainees — were reported to have been [freed] .

Several thousand prisoners were released in July after the Ministry of Justice announced a one-third remission of sentence for all prisoners except in certain limited categories .
several thousand prisoners were [freed] in july after the ministry of justice announced a one-third remission of sentence for all prisoners except in certain limited categories .

An estimated 50,000 people had been released as a result .
an estimated 50,000 people had been [freed] as a result .

The releases , however , failed to win the support of anti-apartheid groups which claimed that almost all those released were criminals and that the government `` was putting up a smokescreen `` to avoid releasing political offenders .
the releases , however , failed to win the support of anti-apartheid groups which claimed that almost all those [freed] were criminals and that the government `` was putting up a smokescreen `` to avoid releasing political offenders .

In response to the confirmation that extradition was now banned by the constitution , the leaders of the Medellín drug cartel , who called themselves the " Extraditables " , stated in a communiqué released on July 5 that they had decided to disband themselves and the cartel 's military structure and were ending all action against those they had previously considered as enemies .
in response to the confirmation that extradition was now banned by the constitution , the leaders of the medellín drug cartel , who called themselves the " extraditables " , stated in a communiqué [freed] on july 5 that they had decided to disband themselves and the cartel 's military structure and were ending all action against those they had previously considered as enemies .

On July 1 the government ordered the re-arrest of all convicted members of the pro-PPP militant organization Al Zulfiqar who had been released under the orders of the government of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto .
on july 1 the government ordered the re-arrest of all convicted members of the pro-ppp militant organization al zulfiqar who had been [freed] under the orders of the government of former prime minister benazir bhutto .

In the face of increasing political and media pressure — and the proliferation of unofficial lists based on leaks and speculation — the presidents of the four securities houses released the list of favoured clients on July 29 .
in the face of increasing political and media pressure — and the proliferation of unofficial lists based on leaks and speculation — the presidents of the four securities houses [freed] the list of favoured clients on july 29 .

The Kama report contradicted a government report into the massacre released in late October 1990 which alleged that Palestinians had planned a confrontation [ see p. 37760 ] .
the kama report contradicted a government report into the massacre [freed] in late october 1990 which alleged that palestinians had planned a confrontation [ see p. 37760 ] .

The 1991 edition of the World Bank 's World Development Report , released on July 8 , called for fresh initiatives to encourage a market-oriented approach to economic development and a substantial reduction in defence spending in the developing world .
the 1991 edition of the world bank 's world development report , [freed] on july 8 , called for fresh initiatives to encourage a market-oriented approach to economic development and a substantial reduction in defence spending in the developing world .

It was released for consideration by republican parliaments .
it was [freed] for consideration by republican parliaments .

Draskovic was released on March 12 following further demonstrations on his behalf , and the charges against him were quashed .
draskovic was [freed] on march 12 following further demonstrations on his behalf , and the charges against him were quashed .

Demonstrations continued until March 14 , when nearly all the other people arrested on March 9 were released .
demonstrations continued until march 14 , when nearly all the other people arrested on march 9 were [freed] .

Over 60 people detained in connection with a November 1990 coup attempt were released on March 2 .
over 60 people detained in connection with a november 1990 coup attempt were [freed] on march 2 .

Those released on March 2 included military officers and civil servants who had been accused of taking advantage of the campaign for the December 1990 municipal elections to organize an attempted coup against the regime of President Moaouia Ould Sidi Mohamed Taya .
those [freed] on march 2 included military officers and civil servants who had been accused of taking advantage of the campaign for the december 1990 municipal elections to organize an attempted coup against the regime of president moaouia ould sidi mohamed taya .

Figures released on March 24 in a preliminary report of the Bureau of Justice Statistics estimated that the number of victims of violent crime rose to 2,300,000 in 1990 .
figures [freed] on march 24 in a preliminary report of the bureau of justice statistics estimated that the number of victims of violent crime rose to 2,300,000 in 1990 .

On March 14 the federal Health Department had released figures showing that more American teenage males died as result of gunshot wounds than from all natural causes combined .
on march 14 the federal health department had [freed] figures showing that more american teenage males died as result of gunshot wounds than from all natural causes combined .

The Prime Minister deposed in the Feb. 23 coup , Maj.-Gen. Chatichai Choonhaven , was released from military detention on March 9 and left Thailand for a `` holiday `` in Europe three days later .
the prime minister deposed in the feb. 23 coup , maj.-gen. chatichai choonhaven , was [freed] from military detention on march 9 and left thailand for a `` holiday `` in europe three days later .

Former Deputy Prime Minister Gen. Arthit Kamlang-Ek was also released from detention on March 9 and he too left Thailand for a `` holiday `` , on March 16 .
former deputy prime minister gen. arthit kamlang-ek was also [freed] from detention on march 9 and he too left thailand for a `` holiday `` , on march 16 .

Maximus Ongkili , senior aide of Datuk Seri Joseph Pairin Kitingan , the Sabah Chief Minister , was unconditionally released from police custody on March 2 .
maximus ongkili , senior aide of datuk seri joseph pairin kitingan , the sabah chief minister , was unconditionally [freed] from police custody on march 2 .

First results of India 's 1991 census , released on March 25 , revealed a March 1 total of 843,930,861 people or some 160,600,000 more than in 1981 .
first results of india 's 1991 census , [freed] on march 25 , revealed a march 1 total of 843,930,861 people or some 160,600,000 more than in 1981 .

On March 1 a Cabinet decree opened the way for a number of recently released Mafia leaders to be rearrested .
on march 1 a cabinet decree opened the way for a number of recently [freed] mafia leaders to be rearrested .

The freeing on Feb. 26 of Michele Greco ( `` The Pope `` ) , head of the Corleone Mafia clan , brought to around 30 the numbers released since Feb. 18 and intensified protests in political and judicial circles .
the freeing on feb. 26 of michele greco ( `` the pope `` ) , head of the corleone mafia clan , brought to around 30 the numbers [freed] since feb. 18 and intensified protests in political and judicial circles .

On March 7 the Iraqis released the first 1,000 of the Kuwaitis taken prisoner at the end of the Iraqi occupation , the total number of those abducted being given as some 7,000 .
on march 7 the iraqis [freed] the first 1,000 of the kuwaitis taken prisoner at the end of the iraqi occupation , the total number of those abducted being given as some 7,000 .

On March 8 the Iraqis also released 48 detained Western journalists .
on march 8 the iraqis also [freed] 48 detained western journalists .

The human rights organization Amnesty International released a report on March 18 which claimed that Palestinians were being arbitrarily arrested and tortured by Kuwaiti soldiers and civilians .
the human rights organization amnesty international [freed] a report on march 18 which claimed that palestinians were being arbitrarily arrested and tortured by kuwaiti soldiers and civilians .

As King Hassan celebrated the 30th anniversary of his accession to the throne on March 3 , officials disclosed that the eight members of the family of the late Gen. Mohammed Oufkir had been released on Feb. 27 after over 18 years in detention .
as king hassan celebrated the 30th anniversary of his accession to the throne on march 3 , officials disclosed that the eight members of the family of the late gen. mohammed oufkir had been [freed] on feb. 27 after over 18 years in detention .

Dominic Mngomezulu and Ray Russon were released after the court found that there was no evidence to support charges that they had attended a public political meeting contrary to the state of emergency .
dominic mngomezulu and ray russon were [freed] after the court found that there was no evidence to support charges that they had attended a public political meeting contrary to the state of emergency .

He was released on Oct. 8 .
he was [freed] on oct. 8 .

In an address to students at the University of Santiago on Oct. 15 , President Patricio Aylwin Azócar stated that when he assumed the presidency in March 1990 there had been a total of 380 political prisoners still detained from the 1973-1990 military regime ; all but 83 had already been released , he said , and the rest would be freed by the end of the year .
in an address to students at the university of santiago on oct. 15 , president patricio aylwin azócar stated that when he assumed the presidency in march 1990 there had been a total of 380 political prisoners still detained from the 1973-1990 military regime ; all but 83 had already been [freed] , he said , and the rest would be freed by the end of the year .

President Gorbachev had released Ukrainian Defence Minister , Gen. Konstantin Morozov , from his duties in the Soviet Army on Oct. 1 .
president gorbachev had [freed] ukrainian defence minister , gen. konstantin morozov , from his duties in the soviet army on oct. 1 .

It was reported by the Iraqi media that 447 Iraqi , Palestinian and Jordanian deportees had arrived in Basra on Oct. 8-9 `` after being released from Kuwaiti prisons `` .
it was reported by the iraqi media that 447 iraqi , palestinian and jordanian deportees had arrived in basra on oct. 8-9 `` after being [freed] from kuwaiti prisons `` .

On Oct. 14 , according to Radio Kuwait , 118 people returned to Kuwait from Iraq , including 103 members of Kuwaiti families who were in Iraq `` before Kuwait 's liberation `` and who `` have been released as part of the family reunion programme `` .
on oct. 14 , according to radio kuwait , 118 people returned to kuwait from iraq , including 103 members of kuwaiti families who were in iraq `` before kuwait 's liberation `` and who `` have been [freed] as part of the family reunion programme `` .

On Oct. 7 the Iranian government released Jon Pattis , 54 , an engineer who had been sentenced to 10 years on spying charges in 1987 .
on oct. 7 the iranian government [freed] jon pattis , 54 , an engineer who had been sentenced to 10 years on spying charges in 1987 .

He released the full text of his 1969 letter , and also bought two half-hour television slots in order to answer sympathetic questions from supporters .
he [freed] the full text of his 1969 letter , and also bought two half-hour television slots in order to answer sympathetic questions from supporters .

Three members of the Roman Catholic clergy belonging to the pro-Vatican underground church were released from prison on Jan. 28 , according to Reuters news agency .
three members of the roman catholic clergy belonging to the pro-vatican underground church were [freed] from prison on jan. 28 , according to reuters news agency .

Other student dissidents sentenced included Zhai Weimin and Li Mingqi ; an eleventh was released .
other student dissidents sentenced included zhai weimin and li mingqi ; an eleventh was [freed] .

It reported that nine people had been released in January , and one other released on bail .
it reported that nine people had been [freed] in january , and one other [freed] on bail .

On Feb. 22-23 an officially commissioned report on the 1947 massacre of civilians by government troops [ see pp. 38741-42 ] was released in an attempt to end controversy over one of Taiwan 's most divisive political issues , discussion of which was until recently banned .
on feb. 22-23 an officially commissioned report on the 1947 massacre of civilians by government troops [ see pp. 38741-42 ] was [freed] in an attempt to end controversy over one of taiwan 's most divisive political issues , discussion of which was until recently banned .

Figures released on Feb. 13 showed that the seasonally adjusted surplus for January 1992 had quadrupled since January 1991 to $ 3,840 million , and that exports had risen by 9.7 per cent against a 3.8 per cent fall in imports .
figures [freed] on feb. 13 showed that the seasonally adjusted surplus for january 1992 had quadrupled since january 1991 to $ 3,840 million , and that exports had risen by 9.7 per cent against a 3.8 per cent fall in imports .

In a report released on Feb. 26 , the human rights organization Amnesty International alleged that more than 550 unarmed people had died in political killings by government or government-backed forces since 1988 , while hundreds of others had `` disappeared `` .
in a report [freed] on feb. 26 , the human rights organization amnesty international alleged that more than 550 unarmed people had died in political killings by government or government-backed forces since 1988 , while hundreds of others had `` disappeared `` .

He was released on Feb. 1 and allowed to leave for Damascus , Syria .
he was [freed] on feb. 1 and allowed to leave for damascus , syria .

In a statement released on Feb. 7 , the Bundesbank , the German central bank , expressed doubts about the plans for a single currency outlined in the Maastricht Treaty .
in a statement [freed] on feb. 7 , the bundesbank , the german central bank , expressed doubts about the plans for a single currency outlined in the maastricht treaty .

Some 3,000 protestors were released from prison that day and the curfew was lifted .
some 3,000 protestors were [freed] from prison that day and the curfew was lifted .

Details were not released , but reports indicated that Hekmatyar had finally agreed to join the interim government and that Dostam and his forces would be moved out of Kabul .
details were not [freed] , but reports indicated that hekmatyar had finally agreed to join the interim government and that dostam and his forces would be moved out of kabul .

Kenjayev resigned both as Chair of the Supreme Soviet and as Presidium member on April 22 on the release by the opposition of 16 deputies and two deputy ministers whom it had taken hostage on April 21 ( having issued an ultimatum ) ; they were released when they agreed to press for Kenjayev 's resignation .
kenjayev resigned both as chair of the supreme soviet and as presidium member on april 22 on the release by the opposition of 16 deputies and two deputy ministers whom it had taken hostage on april 21 ( having issued an ultimatum ) ; they were [freed] when they agreed to press for kenjayev 's resignation .

According to figures released by the Finance Ministry on May 21 , some 8,500,000 citizens had bought their entitlement of vouchers , of which some 72 per cent had subsequently been placed with investment funds [ see pp. 38776-77 ] .
according to figures [freed] by the finance ministry on may 21 , some 8,500,000 citizens had bought their entitlement of vouchers , of which some 72 per cent had subsequently been placed with investment funds [ see pp. 38776-77 ] .

On May 6 four Israeli nationals who had been detained on Feb. 3 and charged with spying for Israel were released .
on may 6 four israeli nationals who had been detained on feb. 3 and charged with spying for israel were [freed] .

Klebeck , 86 , had never faced trial for his many alleged crimes in the Alderney camps because the British government had not released relevant classified documents even to the war crimes inquiry set up by the government in 1988 [ see p. 36190 ] .
klebeck , 86 , had never faced trial for his many alleged crimes in the alderney camps because the british government had not [freed] relevant classified documents even to the war crimes inquiry set up by the government in 1988 [ see p. 36190 ] .

Menem signed six decrees on Dec. 29 , which were not officially released until the following day , pardoning eight former high-ranking Army officers who had been the architects of the `` dirty war `` of the 1970s .
menem signed six decrees on dec. 29 , which were not officially [freed] until the following day , pardoning eight former high-ranking army officers who had been the architects of the `` dirty war `` of the 1970s .

Other pardons covered the former Montonero left-wing guerrilla leader Mario Firmenich , who was released from a 30-prison sentence , and José Alfredo Martinez de Hoz , a former economic `` superminister `` to the military dictatorship between 1976 and 1981 .
other pardons covered the former montonero left-wing guerrilla leader mario firmenich , who was [freed] from a 30-prison sentence , and josé alfredo martinez de hoz , a former economic `` superminister `` to the military dictatorship between 1976 and 1981 .

Principal among those pardoned and immediately released from prison were the military junta members , former Gen. Jorge Videla , Gen. Roberto Viola and former Adml .
principal among those pardoned and immediately [freed] from prison were the military junta members , former gen. jorge videla , gen. roberto viola and former adml .

Two of eight journalists being held hostage were released by the cartel on Dec. 11 and Dec. 13 in what was seen as a peace gesture .
two of eight journalists being held hostage were [freed] by the cartel on dec. 11 and dec. 13 in what was seen as a peace gesture .

On Dec. 4 a crowd stormed the police station and released all those people detained in connection with the Dec. 2 violence ; calm was not fully restored in Namangan until Dec. 5 .
on dec. 4 a crowd stormed the police station and [freed] all those people detained in connection with the dec. 2 violence ; calm was not fully restored in namangan until dec. 5 .

Eleven prominent former politicians , including six former state governors , detained in early December for contravening the ban , were released on Dec. 20 .
eleven prominent former politicians , including six former state governors , detained in early december for contravening the ban , were [freed] on dec. 20 .

New documents released in early December 1991 , however , showed that another of his personal assistants , Masao Matsumoto , was also involved in share purchases .
new documents [freed] in early december 1991 , however , showed that another of his personal assistants , masao matsumoto , was also involved in share purchases .

Lau Shan-Ching , one of China 's most renowned political prisoners , was released on Dec. 26 after serving his full 10-year sentence for " counter-revolutionary propaganda and incitement " .
lau shan-ching , one of china 's most renowned political prisoners , was [freed] on dec. 26 after serving his full 10-year sentence for " counter-revolutionary propaganda and incitement " .

Three United states hostages were released in Beirut in early December .
three united states hostages were [freed] in beirut in early december .

On Dec. 2 Cicippio , a United States national , was released in Beirut and , following the usual pattern , was quickly driven to Damascus .
on dec. 2 cicippio , a united states national , was [freed] in beirut and , following the usual pattern , was quickly driven to damascus .

On Dec. 26 a previously unknown group , the Strugglers for Freedom , released a video cassette of the two Germans , and in a message accompanying the video the group called for the release of the two Hamadei brothers .
on dec. 26 a previously unknown group , the strugglers for freedom , [freed] a video cassette of the two germans , and in a message accompanying the video the group called for the release of the two hamadei brothers .

The skull and some bones of William Buckley were released by Islamic Jihad on Dec. 27 .
the skull and some bones of william buckley were [freed] by islamic jihad on dec. 27 .

The World Bank Debt Tables released in late 1991 included revised figures for Syria .
the world bank debt tables [freed] in late 1991 included revised figures for syria .

Health Ministry figures released on Nov. 26 had shown that more than 68,000 people , including 19,863 children , had died between Aug. 2 , 1990 ( the date of Iraq 's invasion of Quwait ) , and September 1991 from a shortage of medicines .
health ministry figures [freed] on nov. 26 had shown that more than 68,000 people , including 19,863 children , had died between aug. 2 , 1990 ( the date of iraq 's invasion of quwait ) , and september 1991 from a shortage of medicines .

The strikers , supported by left-wing parties outside the government coalition , were demanding the release of all political prisoners still imprisoned from the Pinochet regime , despite an earlier expression of hope by President Aylwin that all such detainees would be released before the end of the year .
the strikers , supported by left-wing parties outside the government coalition , were demanding the release of all political prisoners still imprisoned from the pinochet regime , despite an earlier expression of hope by president aylwin that all such detainees would be [freed] before the end of the year .

Two men involved in the 1989 pro-democracy movement were released on Nov. 29 .
two men involved in the 1989 pro-democracy movement were [freed] on nov. 29 .

Wang Youca , a student leader serving a four-year prison sentence , was released on parole for showing signs of repentance , according to the official Xinhua news agency .
wang youca , a student leader serving a four-year prison sentence , was [freed] on parole for showing signs of repentance , according to the official xinhua news agency .

Han Dongfang , leader of the workers ' organization during the Tiananmen Square protests , who was held without trial for two years until released on bail for medical treatment in April , was exempted from prosecution on the grounds that he had given himself up , the agency said .
han dongfang , leader of the workers ' organization during the tiananmen square protests , who was held without trial for two years until [freed] on bail for medical treatment in april , was exempted from prosecution on the grounds that he had given himself up , the agency said .

The State Council had released an 87-page White Paper on human rights on Oct. 31 which said that the right to subsistence was the `` foremost human right `` .
the state council had [freed] an 87-page white paper on human rights on oct. 31 which said that the right to subsistence was the `` foremost human right `` .

It was announced on Nov. 26 that Romanian diplomat Liviu Radu , kidnapped on Oct. 9 , had been released unconditionally .
it was announced on nov. 26 that romanian diplomat liviu radu , kidnapped on oct. 9 , had been [freed] unconditionally .

Two Western hostages , Terry ( Terence Hardy ) Waite and Thomas Sutherland , were released on Nov. 18 by the pro-Iranian Islamic Jihad for the Liberation of Palestine , as part of a UN-mediated three-way exchange of Western hostages , Arabs held by Israel and Israelis missing in Lebanon [ see p. 38550 ] .
two western hostages , terry ( terence hardy ) waite and thomas sutherland , were [freed] on nov. 18 by the pro-iranian islamic jihad for the liberation of palestine , as part of a un-mediated three-way exchange of western hostages , arabs held by israel and israelis missing in lebanon [ see p. 38550 ] .

The Iraqi authorities on Nov. 24 released the South African-born British businessman , Ian Richter , imprisoned in Iraq since July 1986 and convicted in February 1987 of bribery and forgery charges .
the iraqi authorities on nov. 24 [freed] the south african-born british businessman , ian richter , imprisoned in iraq since july 1986 and convicted in february 1987 of bribery and forgery charges .

Between Sept. 23 and Oct. 29 , 26 members of the military were released after spending over 18 years as prisoners in the remote fortified prison of Tazmamart in the Atlas Mountains , which was demolished in September .
between sept. 23 and oct. 29 , 26 members of the military were [freed] after spending over 18 years as prisoners in the remote fortified prison of tazmamart in the atlas mountains , which was demolished in september .

Political parties remained banned in Brunei , but party members detained by the government were released in 1990 .
political parties remained banned in brunei , but party members detained by the government were [freed] in 1990 .

Chief among those released was Fang Lizhi , who was permitted to leave his shelter in the United States embassy in Beijing to travel to the United Kingdom .
chief among those [freed] was fang lizhi , who was permitted to leave his shelter in the united states embassy in beijing to travel to the united kingdom .

Nevertheless , in April 1991 leading separatists met with Chandra Shekhar in Delhi , after which the Prime Minister announced that a large number of Sikh youths imprisoned for minor offences would be released [ see p. 38151 ] .
nevertheless , in april 1991 leading separatists met with chandra shekhar in delhi , after which the prime minister announced that a large number of sikh youths imprisoned for minor offences would be [freed] [ see p. 38151 ] .

As was usual the government released no economic statistics considered reliable by international commentators .
as was usual the government [freed] no economic statistics considered reliable by international commentators .

Vincent Cheng , a Catholic social worker whom the government had accused of leading a `` Marxist conspiracy `` , and Teo Soh Lung , one of Cheng 's co-conspirators , were conditionally released from prison in June 1990 [ see p. 37533 ] .
vincent cheng , a catholic social worker whom the government had accused of leading a `` marxist conspiracy `` , and teo soh lung , one of cheng 's co-conspirators , were conditionally [freed] from prison in june 1990 [ see p. 37533 ] .

Cheng and Teo were the last to be released of 22 people detained in 1987 for their involvement in the `` conspiracy `` [ see p. 35462 ] .
cheng and teo were the last to be [freed] of 22 people detained in 1987 for their involvement in the `` conspiracy `` [ see p. 35462 ] .

At the 10th plenum a new draft political platform was released , which some commentators saw as marking a return to central planning , while others saw it as an essentially reformist tract .
at the 10th plenum a new draft political platform was [freed] , which some commentators saw as marking a return to central planning , while others saw it as an essentially reformist tract .

Compulsory membership of a trade union , in force since 1936 with only a brief interlude , was to be abolished , and employers were to be released from their obligation to recognize or negotiate with unions or to be bound by pay awards negotiated at a national level .
compulsory membership of a trade union , in force since 1936 with only a brief interlude , was to be abolished , and employers were to be [freed] from their obligation to recognize or negotiate with unions or to be bound by pay awards negotiated at a national level .

Under the terms of the Record of Understanding the government , having already released some 150 prisoners late on Sept. 25 as a gesture of good faith , undertook to complete the phased release of all political prisoners by Nov. 15 .
under the terms of the record of understanding the government , having already [freed] some 150 prisoners late on sept. 25 as a gesture of good faith , undertook to complete the phased release of all political prisoners by nov. 15 .

" Sustainable economic growth and the reduction in poverty " were defined as the World Bank 's main priorities in 1993 , according to its annual report released on Sept. 16 .
" sustainable economic growth and the reduction in poverty " were defined as the world bank 's main priorities in 1993 , according to its annual report [freed] on sept. 16 .

The government on Nov. 9 released details of a post-mortem attributing the death in custody of former prominent politician Orton Chirwa [ see p. 39133 ] , to " extensive cancer of the prostate glands and chronic infection of the kidneys " , and repudiating opposition claims that he had been strangled .
the government on nov. 9 [freed] details of a post-mortem attributing the death in custody of former prominent politician orton chirwa [ see p. 39133 ] , to " extensive cancer of the prostate glands and chronic infection of the kidneys " , and repudiating opposition claims that he had been strangled .

Chinese authorities announced on Nov. 25 that Bao Zunxin , a prominent Chinese dissident , had been released from prison 19 months before completion of a five-year prison sentence .
chinese authorities announced on nov. 25 that bao zunxin , a prominent chinese dissident , had been [freed] from prison 19 months before completion of a five-year prison sentence .

The official news agency , Xinhua , stated that he had been released because he had shown repentance .
the official news agency , xinhua , stated that he had been [freed] because he had shown repentance .

Bond had in May 1992 been sentenced to 2 years ' imprisonment [ see p. 38917 ] after being convicted on the same charge , but was released in August after the Western Australian Court of Criminal Appeal quashed the conviction and ordered a retrial [ see p. 39056 ] .
bond had in may 1992 been sentenced to 2 years ' imprisonment [ see p. 38917 ] after being convicted on the same charge , but was [freed] in august after the western australian court of criminal appeal quashed the conviction and ordered a retrial [ see p. 39056 ] .

On Oct. 26 the government released details of a plan to begin privatization of at least 92 companies before the end of 1992 .
on oct. 26 the government [freed] details of a plan to begin privatization of at least 92 companies before the end of 1992 .

Nicu Ceausescu , the son of the late dictator Nicolae Ceausescu , was released from prison on Nov. 24 on health grounds ; he was said to be suffering from cirrhosis of the liver .
nicu ceausescu , the son of the late dictator nicolae ceausescu , was [freed] from prison on nov. 24 on health grounds ; he was said to be suffering from cirrhosis of the liver .

Interfax news agency later released remarks made by Starovoitova shortly before her dismissal , and possibly connected with it , in which she accused the authorities of a pro-Ossetian bias in their response to the emerging conflict in the North Caucasus [ see below ] .
interfax news agency later [freed] remarks made by starovoitova shortly before her dismissal , and possibly connected with it , in which she accused the authorities of a pro-ossetian bias in their response to the emerging conflict in the north caucasus [ see below ] .

Mirzayanov was released on Nov. 3 pending trial .
mirzayanov was [freed] on nov. 3 pending trial .

However , Shbeilat and Qarrash were both released on Nov. 15 as part of a general amnesty to mark King Hussein 's birthday .
however , shbeilat and qarrash were both [freed] on nov. 15 as part of a general amnesty to mark king hussein 's birthday .

Others prisoners released included members of other Islamic groups such as The Prophet Mohammad 's Army and the Palestinian Hamas organization .
others prisoners [freed] included members of other islamic groups such as the prophet mohammad 's army and the palestinian hamas organization .

Official results released on Nov. 27 showed that Walesa had gained 39.96 per cent of the vote , Tyminski 23.10 per cent and Mazowiecki 18.08 per cent ; three other candidates gained 18.86 per cent between them ( see table ) .
official results [freed] on nov. 27 showed that walesa had gained 39.96 per cent of the vote , tyminski 23.10 per cent and mazowiecki 18.08 per cent ; three other candidates gained 18.86 per cent between them ( see table ) .

Official results were released in late November for the state and local elections held on Nov. 11 in México state , the country 's most populous region .
official results were [freed] in late november for the state and local elections held on nov. 11 in méxico state , the country 's most populous region .

In what was considered to be a goodwill gesture to back their peace proposal , the cartel released Juan Vitta , an editor of the magazine Hoy por Hoy and one of seven journalists the cartel was holding hostage [ see also p. 37772 issue ] , on Nov. 26 in the city of Medellín .
in what was considered to be a goodwill gesture to back their peace proposal , the cartel [freed] juan vitta , an editor of the magazine hoy por hoy and one of seven journalists the cartel was holding hostage [ see also p. 37772 issue ] , on nov. 26 in the city of medellín .

Advani was released from the custody of the Bihar state government on Nov. 4 .
advani was [freed] from the custody of the bihar state government on nov. 4 .

Wang Ruowang , a prominent writer and dissident , was unexpectedly released on Oct. 29 after being held in detention in Shanghai for over a year .
wang ruowang , a prominent writer and dissident , was unexpectedly [freed] on oct. 29 after being held in detention in shanghai for over a year .

Saddam 's talks with former West German Chancellor Willy Brandt on Nov. 7-8 had resulted in the announcement that 170 people would be released , including over 100 Germans .
saddam 's talks with former west german chancellor willy brandt on nov. 7-8 had resulted in the announcement that 170 people would be [freed] , including over 100 germans .

Former Japanese Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone , who met Saddam on Nov. 6 , left Iraq on Nov. 7 on a flight to Japan with 77 Japanese men released from Iraq .
former japanese prime minister yasuhiro nakasone , who met saddam on nov. 6 , left iraq on nov. 7 on a flight to japan with 77 japanese men [freed] from iraq .

Qassam immediately issued a statement threatening to kill Toledano unless the Israeli authorities released from prison Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , the founder and leader of Hamas .
qassam immediately issued a statement threatening to kill toledano unless the israeli authorities [freed] from prison sheikh ahmed yassin , the founder and leader of hamas .

On the day after Rafeedie 's decision Alvarez was released from custody and allowed to return to Guadalajara .
on the day after rafeedie 's decision alvarez was [freed] from custody and allowed to return to guadalajara .

The six soldiers seized in the central Cambodian province of Kompong Thom on Dec. 1 ( and eventually released on Dec. 4 ) had been monitoring troop movements from a boat on the Stung Sen river .
the six soldiers seized in the central cambodian province of kompong thom on dec. 1 ( and eventually [freed] on dec. 4 ) had been monitoring troop movements from a boat on the stung sen river .

The agreement paved the way for the opening of talks on Jan. 11 , 1993 , and was followed by a goodwill gesture on Dec. 24 in which the armed forces released from military detention three generals and 40 other officers who had been imprisoned for involvement in coup attempts .
the agreement paved the way for the opening of talks on jan. 11 , 1993 , and was followed by a goodwill gesture on dec. 24 in which the armed forces [freed] from military detention three generals and 40 other officers who had been imprisoned for involvement in coup attempts .

José Xanana Gusmao , the military commander of the Front for an Independent East Timor ( Fretilin ) , who was captured by the Indonesian authorities in November [ see p. 39196 ] , appeared in a televised interview released by the Indonesian authorities on Dec. 1 .
josé xanana gusmao , the military commander of the front for an independent east timor ( fretilin ) , who was captured by the indonesian authorities in november [ see p. 39196 ] , appeared in a televised interview [freed] by the indonesian authorities on dec. 1 .

The findings of the investigation were released on March 11 , with the committee voting to reveal the names of the 24 past and present member of the House adjudged to have been the worst offenders .
the findings of the investigation were [freed] on march 11 , with the committee voting to reveal the names of the 24 past and present member of the house adjudged to have been the worst offenders .

The government on March 26 rejected as " totally one-sided " a report released on March 24 by the human rights organization Amnesty International , alleging that " many hundreds , if not thousands , of people [ in India ] have been tortured to death during the last decade " .
the government on march 26 rejected as " totally one-sided " a report [freed] on march 24 by the human rights organization amnesty international , alleging that " many hundreds , if not thousands , of people [ in india ] have been tortured to death during the last decade " .

The Phnom Penh government released the last of its political prisoners and prisoners of war on March 29 .
the phnom penh government [freed] the last of its political prisoners and prisoners of war on march 29 .

He was released on bail on March 30 .
he was [freed] on bail on march 30 .

Ten officers taken hostage on March 8 by Armenian militia in return for arms were released on March 11 , following negotiations with officers from Russia .
ten officers taken hostage on march 8 by armenian militia in return for arms were [freed] on march 11 , following negotiations with officers from russia .

Zdenek Porybny , the editor of Rude Pravo ( the former organ of the communist party , relaunched as an independent newspaper in November 1990 ) , was arrested on March 17 , and released on bail on March 19 , in connection with criminal proceedings opened against him on March 11 for fraud and illegal business practice .
zdenek porybny , the editor of rude pravo ( the former organ of the communist party , relaunched as an independent newspaper in november 1990 ) , was arrested on march 17 , and [freed] on bail on march 19 , in connection with criminal proceedings opened against him on march 11 for fraud and illegal business practice .

Veteran peace campaigner Abie Nathan was released from prison on March 30 after serving six months of an 18-month sentence for meeting Yassir Arafat , chair of the Palestine Liberation Organization .
veteran peace campaigner abie nathan was [freed] from prison on march 30 after serving six months of an 18-month sentence for meeting yassir arafat , chair of the palestine liberation organization .

The 1993 budget , of which no details were released , was approved by the National Assembly on Feb. 13 .
the 1993 budget , of which no details were [freed] , was approved by the national assembly on feb. 13 .

On March 31 , 150 detainees were released from the Reggane camp ( 1,600 km south of Algiers ) in time for the end of the holy month of Ramadan on April 3 .
on march 31 , 150 detainees were [freed] from the reggane camp ( 1,600 km south of algiers ) in time for the end of the holy month of ramadan on april 3 .

No radiation was released as a result .
no radiation was [freed] as a result .

The district officer was eventually released on Oct. 13 and the other officials were released during the following week .
the district officer was eventually [freed] on oct. 13 and the other officials were [freed] during the following week .

Two incidents had drawn public attention to the Directorate in October : the first on Oct. 9 concerned an armed relative of Khasbulatov who was arrested by the police but released without charge ; the second was a shooting incident on Oct. 20 , involving police and three members of the Directorate .
two incidents had drawn public attention to the directorate in october : the first on oct. 9 concerned an armed relative of khasbulatov who was arrested by the police but [freed] without charge ; the second was a shooting incident on oct. 20 , involving police and three members of the directorate .

Partial calm was restored when the prisoners were released during the afternoon , but representatives of the Majlis continued to demand that those responsible for the attack be found and punished , and went on to declare a general mobilization of Crimean Tatars .
partial calm was restored when the prisoners were [freed] during the afternoon , but representatives of the majlis continued to demand that those responsible for the attack be found and punished , and went on to declare a general mobilization of crimean tatars .

According to the information released by the government Wei was being held at a " reform-through-labour " farm near Tangshan in central China , but remained " unclear " about his guilt .
according to the information [freed] by the government wei was being held at a " reform-through-labour " farm near tangshan in central china , but remained " unclear " about his guilt .

Details of an inquiry released on April 10 into the violent riots in a Vietnamese detention centre in February blamed poor police handling .
details of an inquiry [freed] on april 10 into the violent riots in a vietnamese detention centre in february blamed poor police handling .

Figures released by the State Statistics Committee for the first quarter of 1992 showed that Russian national income fell by 14 per cent as compared with the same period in 1991 , it was reported on April 23 .
figures [freed] by the state statistics committee for the first quarter of 1992 showed that russian national income fell by 14 per cent as compared with the same period in 1991 , it was reported on april 23 .

He was released on bail on health grounds in July 1991 [ see p. 38367 ] .
he was [freed] on bail on health grounds in july 1991 [ see p. 38367 ] .

37952-53 ] was not supported by the unemployment figures released on Feb. 1 , the worst since the recession of the early 1980s .
37952-53 ] was not supported by the unemployment figures [freed] on feb. 1 , the worst since the recession of the early 1980s .

Representatives from the recently formed Forum for the Defence of Human Rights met on Feb. 12 with the then Interior Minister Hekuran Isai , and received from him a list of 108 political prisoners who had been released unannounced since Jan. 6 , according to a Forum statement issued on Feb. 18 .
representatives from the recently formed forum for the defence of human rights met on feb. 12 with the then interior minister hekuran isai , and received from him a list of 108 political prisoners who had been [freed] unannounced since jan. 6 , according to a forum statement issued on feb. 18 .

On Feb. 5 lawyers for two Palestinians convicted following the October 1985 hijacking of the Italian cruise ship Achille Lauro [ see pp. 34077-79 ] announced that they had been released in December 1990 and had left for Algeria .
on feb. 5 lawyers for two palestinians convicted following the october 1985 hijacking of the italian cruise ship achille lauro [ see pp. 34077-79 ] announced that they had been [freed] in december 1990 and had left for algeria .

Church leaders and opposition parties expressed concern that the appointment had been made before an all-party parliamentary commission , led by the Prime Minister , had released a report to the National Assembly on the issue .
church leaders and opposition parties expressed concern that the appointment had been made before an all-party parliamentary commission , led by the prime minister , had [freed] a report to the national assembly on the issue .

Western hostages released in 1990
western hostages [freed] in 1990

Population : 2,014,135 ; of whom 550,181 are Kuwaitis ( Kuwaiti Planning Ministry figures released mid-1990 ) .
population : 2,014,135 ; of whom 550,181 are kuwaitis ( kuwaiti planning ministry figures [freed] mid-1990 ) .

Apart from the inpatient waiting list initiative no extra resources were released for meeting the Charter standards , but meeting the standard for outpatient clinics may be at the expense of seeing fewer patients and a lengthening list for a first appointment .
apart from the inpatient waiting list initiative no extra resources were [freed] for meeting the charter standards , but meeting the standard for outpatient clinics may be at the expense of seeing fewer patients and a lengthening list for a first appointment .

Year-on-year figures released by the Japan Travel Bureau showed a growth of almost 20 per cent or 17 000 visitors in the past 12 months to the United Kingdom .
year-on-year figures [freed] by the japan travel bureau showed a growth of almost 20 per cent or 17 000 visitors in the past 12 months to the united kingdom .

But when Edinburgh University 's Professor David Wood-Gush and colleagues released factory-raised pigs into a semi-wild environment on the Pentland Hills , the animals lost no time in gathering twigs , grass and branches to build communal nests in which to sleep .
but when edinburgh university 's professor david wood-gush and colleagues [freed] factory-raised pigs into a semi-wild environment on the pentland hills , the animals lost no time in gathering twigs , grass and branches to build communal nests in which to sleep .

Take the dish to the table so the smell of garlic and herbs is released as you unseal the lid .
take the dish to the table so the smell of garlic and herbs is [freed] as you unseal the lid .

But , on the contrary , the lyric poet , as artist , is released from his individual will and becomes a medium through which the ground of being makes its appearance .
but , on the contrary , the lyric poet , as artist , is [freed] from his individual will and becomes a medium through which the ground of being makes its appearance .

Of the 24 shareholders Haug & Co. now held 9¾ shares having released 1¼ since 1564 ; Sir William Cecill with 2 was the second major shareholder .
of the 24 shareholders haug & co. now held 9¾ shares having [freed] 1¼ since 1564 ; sir william cecill with 2 was the second major shareholder .

They abandoned the mine ; released the rented Forge Houses along with the mineral lease , and offered the first refusal of Dixon Ground Estate to Sir Michael at £450 .
they abandoned the mine ; [freed] the rented forge houses along with the mineral lease , and offered the first refusal of dixon ground estate to sir michael at £450 .

Stop Consonant Here the breath is completely stopped at some point in the mouth by the lips or tongue-lip or tongue-back , and then released with a slight explosion .
stop consonant here the breath is completely stopped at some point in the mouth by the lips or tongue-lip or tongue-back , and then [freed] with a slight explosion .

On shore the remaining sheep were released with their new stud ram , whereupon they scattered over the grazing as if nothing had ever disturbed their tranquillity .
on shore the remaining sheep were [freed] with their new stud ram , whereupon they scattered over the grazing as if nothing had ever disturbed their tranquillity .

In September of that year a convicted smuggler , of Belgian nationality was released from prison .
in september of that year a convicted smuggler , of belgian nationality was [freed] from prison .

After a preliminary hearing at a Lewes court the detained men were released on bail .
after a preliminary hearing at a lewes court the detained men were [freed] on bail .

All the nervous , frantic recollections of this revelation are now released and the poet drifts along with its harmony , in the aftermath of his realisation .
all the nervous , frantic recollections of this revelation are now [freed] and the poet drifts along with its harmony , in the aftermath of his realisation .

And more specifically , in this poem , the artist 's act of creativity is not some ‘ victory ’ , wresting beauteous elements out of the mire of the sub-conscious , but it occurs in instants of astute resignation , ‘ wise and abandoned ’ in Ian McEwan 's words , when the eternal act of creativity is acknowledged and the mind released to the currents of its progress .
and more specifically , in this poem , the artist 's act of creativity is not some ‘ victory ’ , wresting beauteous elements out of the mire of the sub-conscious , but it occurs in instants of astute resignation , ‘ wise and abandoned ’ in ian mcewan 's words , when the eternal act of creativity is acknowledged and the mind [freed] to the currents of its progress .

In the rat , this negative feedback control is mediated by cholecystokinin , which is probably released by protease sensitive proteins from either duodenal mucosa or pancreatic juice .
in the rat , this negative feedback control is mediated by cholecystokinin , which is probably [freed] by protease sensitive proteins from either duodenal mucosa or pancreatic juice .

These granule enzymes , some of which are proteolytic , can be released upon stimulation , together with cytotoxic oxygen metabolites .
these granule enzymes , some of which are proteolytic , can be [freed] upon stimulation , together with cytotoxic oxygen metabolites .

Activity was determined by measuring the amount of 4-methylumbelliferone released after incubation with the enzyme source .
activity was determined by measuring the amount of 4-methylumbelliferone [freed] after incubation with the enzyme source .

The Table also indicates the proportion of lysosomal enzymes released into the supernatant after sedimentation of uncubated pancreatic lysosomes .
the table also indicates the proportion of lysosomal enzymes [freed] into the supernatant after sedimentation of uncubated pancreatic lysosomes .

Again for all four marker enzymes studied , lysosomes incubated with ethanol or acetaldehyde showed no difference in the proportion of lysosomal enzyme released into the supernatant when compared with control values .
again for all four marker enzymes studied , lysosomes incubated with ethanol or acetaldehyde showed no difference in the proportion of lysosomal enzyme [freed] into the supernatant when compared with control values .

Figure 3 ( a-d ) indicates the percentages of lysosomal enzymes released into the supernatant after incubation of isolated pancreatic lysosomes with phosphatidylcholine vesicles ( with and without cholesteryl oleate ) and subsequent resedimentation of lysosomes .
figure 3 ( a-d ) indicates the percentages of lysosomal enzymes [freed] into the supernatant after incubation of isolated pancreatic lysosomes with phosphatidylcholine vesicles ( with and without cholesteryl oleate ) and subsequent resedimentation of lysosomes .

The tissue pepsin value changed inversely compared with secreted pepsin , which suggests that pepsin is released from stores more readily , both in the resting and stimulated state , at day 3 than at day 7 ; although this tendency was seen in all groups .
the tissue pepsin value changed inversely compared with secreted pepsin , which suggests that pepsin is [freed] from stores more readily , both in the resting and stimulated state , at day 3 than at day 7 ; although this tendency was seen in all groups .

This means that , in a well organised theatre , with professional embalmers , very little formaldehyde gas is likely to be released into the atmosphere .
this means that , in a well organised theatre , with professional embalmers , very little formaldehyde gas is likely to be [freed] into the atmosphere .

They are stored within the basal membrane or extracellular matric and released in an active form to stimulate tissue repair and healing .
they are stored within the basal membrane or extracellular matric and [freed] in an active form to stimulate tissue repair and healing .

Superoxide and hydrogen peroxide increase mucosal and vascular permeability , are involved in the recruitment and activation of neutrophils , and are precursors of the more damaging hydroxyl radical ( via Fenton chemistry ) and hypochlorite ( via the action of myeloperoxidase released by activated neurtophils ) .
superoxide and hydrogen peroxide increase mucosal and vascular permeability , are involved in the recruitment and activation of neutrophils , and are precursors of the more damaging hydroxyl radical ( via fenton chemistry ) and hypochlorite ( via the action of myeloperoxidase [freed] by activated neurtophils ) .

In peptide producing endocrine cells the main secretory products pass from the Golgi to the cell exterior through the so called regulated route — that is , in secretory granules that are released by exocytosis on stimulation .
in peptide producing endocrine cells the main secretory products pass from the golgi to the cell exterior through the so called regulated route — that is , in secretory granules that are [freed] by exocytosis on stimulation .

It is widely accepted that fibrin degradation products released after the action of plasmin on fibrin contribute to the development of inflammatory changes in several organs by increasing the permeability of the vasculature to protein .
it is widely accepted that fibrin degradation products [freed] after the action of plasmin on fibrin contribute to the development of inflammatory changes in several organs by increasing the permeability of the vasculature to protein .

Pancreatic tissue obtained from intact rats infused with saline for five hours released only minute amounts of platelet activating factor ( 1.6 ( 0.9 ) pg/100 mg of wet tissue ) .
pancreatic tissue obtained from intact rats infused with saline for five hours [freed] only minute amounts of platelet activating factor ( 1.6 ( 0.9 ) pg/100 mg of wet tissue ) .

The origin of platelet activating factor released by the pancreas stimulated with caerulein is not known but it was shown earlier that caerulein and cholecystokinin are capable of increasing the incorporation of labelled acetate into platelet activating factor in the isolated pancreatic lobules and to increase the synthesis of this phospholipid .
the origin of platelet activating factor [freed] by the pancreas stimulated with caerulein is not known but it was shown earlier that caerulein and cholecystokinin are capable of increasing the incorporation of labelled acetate into platelet activating factor in the isolated pancreatic lobules and to increase the synthesis of this phospholipid .

the wires , released from their frame , will thrash and tangle
the wires , [freed] from their frame , will thrash and tangle

The news from the Brighton General Hospital was that Wullie Robertson was resting comfortably , his injuries were relatively light and he would be released that afternoon into the custody of the Secretary of State for Health .
the news from the brighton general hospital was that wullie robertson was resting comfortably , his injuries were relatively light and he would be [freed] that afternoon into the custody of the secretary of state for health .

He gave her fingers a brief squeeze , then released them and began drumming on the table .
he gave her fingers a brief squeeze , then [freed] them and began drumming on the table .

On Monday evening it was reported that the man detained the day before had been released without charge .
on monday evening it was reported that the man detained the day before had been [freed] without charge .

Interviews or recordings etc. with pupils will be confidential to the pupil until released by them , when it will be released to the teacher ( see 4 )
interviews or recordings etc. with pupils will be confidential to the pupil until [freed] by them , when it will be [freed] to the teacher ( see 4 )

Head : ‘ Suppose you could be released for five half days , what area of experience would you like to explore ? Do n't be blinkered on Head of House . ’
head : ‘ suppose you could be [freed] for five half days , what area of experience would you like to explore ? do n't be blinkered on head of house . ’

They should not be officially released until they are in their final form .
they should not be officially [freed] until they are in their final form .

The Bank of England is thought to have spent between $ 2bn and $ 3bn defending sterling against the heavy selling which developed 10 days ago after the August trade figures were released .
the bank of england is thought to have spent between $ 2bn and $ 3bn defending sterling against the heavy selling which developed 10 days ago after the august trade figures were [freed] .

’ September figures are released on 24 October .
’ september figures are [freed] on 24 october .

By mid-September , according to figures released yesterday , subscriptions to Izvestia , the government daily , which now sells close to 11 million copies , were only 61 per cent of the level 12 months before .
by mid-september , according to figures [freed] yesterday , subscriptions to izvestia , the government daily , which now sells close to 11 million copies , were only 61 per cent of the level 12 months before .

He finished the service by announcing tersely that some of the large number of people jailed during the night had been released .
he finished the service by announcing tersely that some of the large number of people jailed during the night had been [freed] .

As far as the Conservative Party is concerned , the current method of recruitment to the candidate list has released a great deal of pent-up energy and ability .
as far as the conservative party is concerned , the current method of recruitment to the candidate list has [freed] a great deal of pent-up energy and ability .

If the chemical bond is broken ( that is , the catch is tripped ) , energy is released .
if the chemical bond is broken ( that is , the catch is tripped ) , energy is [freed] .

To give a second example , pied flycatchers which have never seen a shrike will mob a model shrike ; the mobbing is best elicited , or ‘ released ’ , by a model of the right size and orientation , with a horizontal black eye stripe on the appropriate background colour .
to give a second example , pied flycatchers which have never seen a shrike will mob a model shrike ; the mobbing is best elicited , or ‘ [freed] ’ , by a model of the right size and orientation , with a horizontal black eye stripe on the appropriate background colour .

If , during training , the rat was always released in the same place , and if it was then released in a different one , it could still swim directly to the platform .
if , during training , the rat was always [freed] in the same place , and if it was then [freed] in a different one , it could still swim directly to the platform .

Messages are transmitted chemically : small packets , or ‘ quanta ’ , of specific ‘ neurotransmitter ’ chemicals are released at the synapse , and alter the state of the receiving cell .
messages are transmitted chemically : small packets , or ‘ quanta ’ , of specific ‘ neurotransmitter ’ chemicals are [freed] at the synapse , and alter the state of the receiving cell .

Activation of this third type of neurone has the effect of increasing the amount of neurotransmitter released at the synapse between sensory and motor neurones , for each nerve impulse travelling down the axon of the sensory cell .
activation of this third type of neurone has the effect of increasing the amount of neurotransmitter [freed] at the synapse between sensory and motor neurones , for each nerve impulse travelling down the axon of the sensory cell .

There the warden arrested him , imprisoned him in his gaol at Allexton , and afterwards released him for a fine of half a mark .
there the warden arrested him , imprisoned him in his gaol at allexton , and afterwards [freed] him for a fine of half a mark .

Sir John Fauconberg was only released after undertaking to pay a fine of 100 marks .
sir john fauconberg was only [freed] after undertaking to pay a fine of 100 marks .

James 's death , in fact , released a great deal which had been held in check during his reign .
james 's death , in fact , [freed] a great deal which had been held in check during his reign .

But by the 26th , he was in ward in Dalkeith , and during the next two months was moved from there to Seton , and then to Blackness and St Andrews before finally being released on lo April .
but by the 26th , he was in ward in dalkeith , and during the next two months was moved from there to seton , and then to blackness and st andrews before finally being [freed] on lo april .

Knox 's account of the bond and its aftermath compellingly conjures up the new spirit released by that small group in December 1557 .
knox 's account of the bond and its aftermath compellingly conjures up the new spirit [freed] by that small group in december 1557 .

After serving two years of her sentence , she was released on probation .
after serving two years of her sentence , she was [freed] on probation .

He was released from his duties by Conference the year after he became Secretary .
he was [freed] from his duties by conference the year after he became secretary .

So we are looking for a new name that we shall use for the discs when they are eventually released .
so we are looking for a new name that we shall use for the discs when they are eventually [freed] .

Sam took off his stained jacket , wiped his bloody nose , sucked his knuckles and began making jokes as a form of released tension .
sam took off his stained jacket , wiped his bloody nose , sucked his knuckles and began making jokes as a form of [freed] tension .

The hydrogen in the water combines with carbon dioxide in the atmosphere to form organic compounds while oxygen from the water is released into the atmosphere .
the hydrogen in the water combines with carbon dioxide in the atmosphere to form organic compounds while oxygen from the water is [freed] into the atmosphere .

It can be compared with a civil engineer 's piling hammer , when the great weight is hauled to the design height and released by a slip catch .
it can be compared with a civil engineer 's piling hammer , when the great weight is hauled to the design height and [freed] by a slip catch .

If a 2 mph current flows when the lock is released , the round trip will take longer .
if a 2 mph current flows when the lock is [freed] , the round trip will take longer .

Dada released an amazing fount of creativity that had been largely repressed by the ethics of previous centuries . To quote Hugo Ball :
dada [freed] an amazing fount of creativity that had been largely repressed by the ethics of previous centuries . to quote hugo ball :

When at last they are released , they are positively maniacal , and gallop and buck around the paddock twice as much as usual before settling down to eating the grass .
when at last they are [freed] , they are positively maniacal , and gallop and buck around the paddock twice as much as usual before settling down to eating the grass .

Moz 's dinner could then be brought into the yard without dumping it over the fence ; and the horse was then led up to this food , caressed a few times , and released while he was still distracted by eating the first few mouthfuls .
moz 's dinner could then be brought into the yard without dumping it over the fence ; and the horse was then led up to this food , caressed a few times , and [freed] while he was still distracted by eating the first few mouthfuls .

Fortunately Halima had enough sense not to panic , and just stood still until the offending wire was cut and she was released .
fortunately halima had enough sense not to panic , and just stood still until the offending wire was cut and she was [freed] .

When she was released she had gained some weight , but it was fear of rehospitalisation rather than a true recovery that kept her from losing all the weight again .
when she was [freed] she had gained some weight , but it was fear of rehospitalisation rather than a true recovery that kept her from losing all the weight again .

Kylie 's disco version of ‘ The Locomotion ’ was released in July 1987 .
kylie 's disco version of ‘ the locomotion ’ was [freed] in july 1987 .

Ashley and Mushroom Records wanted Kylie 's new song released under license to a major British record company .
ashley and mushroom records wanted kylie 's new song [freed] under license to a major british record company .

And as top Australian journalist Richard Shears sums up in his stylish appraisal of Kylie the phenomenon : ‘ At the end of the year Britons will be able to make up their own minds when Delinquents is released .
and as top australian journalist richard shears sums up in his stylish appraisal of kylie the phenomenon : ‘ at the end of the year britons will be able to make up their own minds when delinquents is [freed] .

In the end , the nervous man was released for lack of proof .
in the end , the nervous man was [freed] for lack of proof .

Fernandez remembered North breaking down as he told him , sitting in a parked car one night , that Buckley was dead ; David Jacobsen , the last hostage to be released as a result of the arms transfers , recalled North in tears on the aeroplane to Germany , wishing that the other hostages had been freed with him .
fernandez remembered north breaking down as he told him , sitting in a parked car one night , that buckley was dead ; david jacobsen , the last hostage to be [freed] as a result of the arms transfers , recalled north in tears on the aeroplane to germany , wishing that the other hostages had been freed with him .

Mr Newman died on the night of the general election , but police released full details only yesterday after they identified him from dental records .
mr newman died on the night of the general election , but police [freed] full details only yesterday after they identified him from dental records .

Scully , Wakefield 's experienced scrum-half , gained 50 yards in a magnificent run ; but when he released the ball it was dropped and their last hopes faded .
scully , wakefield 's experienced scrum-half , gained 50 yards in a magnificent run ; but when he [freed] the ball it was dropped and their last hopes faded .

But Cardiff continued to threaten , Hill being tackled into the corner flag after good work by Hall and Wintle , who shortly afterwards was released by Moore on the short side and was only prevented from scoring by Stephens 's fine cover tackle .
but cardiff continued to threaten , hill being tackled into the corner flag after good work by hall and wintle , who shortly afterwards was [freed] by moore on the short side and was only prevented from scoring by stephens 's fine cover tackle .

But Cardiff continued to threaten , Hill being tackled into the corner flag after good work by Hall and Wintle , who shortly afterwards was released by Moore on the short side and was only prevented from scoring by Stephens 's fine cover tackle .
but cardiff continued to threaten , hill being tackled into the corner flag after good work by hall and wintle , who shortly afterwards was [freed] by moore on the short side and was only prevented from scoring by stephens 's fine cover tackle .

It released Strachan for a pull-back that Wallace switched from right foot to left before beating the sluggish Beasant with a mis-hit shot into the bottom corner .
it [freed] strachan for a pull-back that wallace switched from right foot to left before beating the sluggish beasant with a mis-hit shot into the bottom corner .

He moved to Derby after being released from prison .
he moved to derby after being [freed] from prison .

The six Irishmen were released last March on a third appeal after spending 16 years in jail .
the six irishmen were [freed] last march on a third appeal after spending 16 years in jail .

The protein is then released from the agarose by adding a salty solution , he said .
the protein is then [freed] from the agarose by adding a salty solution , he said .

The only Clough contribution came after just six minutes when he released Keane .
the only clough contribution came after just six minutes when he [freed] keane .

The England striker , Tina Cullen , continued her excellent form when she was released by Maggie Souyave and beat goalkeeper Sue Knight at the second attempt in the 53rd minute to send the match into penalties .
the england striker , tina cullen , continued her excellent form when she was [freed] by maggie souyave and beat goalkeeper sue knight at the second attempt in the 53rd minute to send the match into penalties .

The decision came as a huge relief to Microsoft which has placed great emphasis on its Windows software programme , the latest version of which was released only last week .
the decision came as a huge relief to microsoft which has placed great emphasis on its windows software programme , the latest version of which was [freed] only last week .

He was released from Guy 's Hospital yesterday afternoon after being treated for severe lacerations to his wrists and arms .
he was [freed] from guy 's hospital yesterday afternoon after being treated for severe lacerations to his wrists and arms .

Two other patients were also released from Guy 's yesterday afternoon .
two other patients were also [freed] from guy 's yesterday afternoon .

Mrs Mandela was jailed for six years on kidnapping and assault charges but released on bail pending a yet-to-be-heard appeal .
mrs mandela was jailed for six years on kidnapping and assault charges but [freed] on bail pending a yet-to-be-heard appeal .

‘ When travelling in the country , you sense an enormous fear and anger at the present reforms ; in well-healed suburbs , there is approval of the reforms but still a great fear of the random violence they have released . ’
‘ when travelling in the country , you sense an enormous fear and anger at the present reforms ; in well-healed suburbs , there is approval of the reforms but still a great fear of the random violence they have [freed] . ’

He was released from prison after thirty months , returned to his barker 's job in San Francisco and took up with a stripper .
he was [freed] from prison after thirty months , returned to his barker 's job in san francisco and took up with a stripper .

If she eased up on this will for just a moment , love would fly away like a bird released from its cage .
if she eased up on this will for just a moment , love would fly away like a bird [freed] from its cage .

And since , in the words of Mr Whittaker , ‘ our friend from Robben Island was released ’ , Africa keeps coming to call in no uncertain fashion .
and since , in the words of mr whittaker , ‘ our friend from robben island was [freed] ’ , africa keeps coming to call in no uncertain fashion .

They hoped that the dynamic forces released by socialism would generate new wealth , enabling Britain to stride the world once more in a continuing and -equal partnership with the United States , rather than as the American satellite which she had become in the latter phases of the Second World War .
they hoped that the dynamic forces [freed] by socialism would generate new wealth , enabling britain to stride the world once more in a continuing and -equal partnership with the united states , rather than as the american satellite which she had become in the latter phases of the second world war .

… because the economic situation is now more serious than at any time over the last 25 years , the Government decided that resources must be released for investment and improving the balance of payments …
… because the economic situation is now more serious than at any time over the last 25 years , the government decided that resources must be [freed] for investment and improving the balance of payments …

Little scientific data has ever been released to assess the effect of the killing on the dolphin population , and much of what is known about the hunt has been gathered at great personal risk by non-government organisations .
little scientific data has ever been [freed] to assess the effect of the killing on the dolphin population , and much of what is known about the hunt has been gathered at great personal risk by non-government organisations .

Conservationist Dexter Cate of Hawaii was jailed for 100 days in 1980 when he released several hundred dolphins from the bay into which they had been driven before slaughter .
conservationist dexter cate of hawaii was jailed for 100 days in 1980 when he [freed] several hundred dolphins from the bay into which they had been driven before slaughter .

In 1989 , a resident of Penghu , disgusted at the continuing slaughter of dolphins , had purchased some victims of a drive and released them .
in 1989 , a resident of penghu , disgusted at the continuing slaughter of dolphins , had purchased some victims of a drive and [freed] them .

Those that do escape , or are released by compassionate fishing captains and crew , are often caught again , and the same dolphins may often be chased to exhaustion and encircled with tuna nets many times each fishing season .
those that do escape , or are [freed] by compassionate fishing captains and crew , are often caught again , and the same dolphins may often be chased to exhaustion and encircled with tuna nets many times each fishing season .

Official figures do not usually include animals that escape or are released from the nets but have nevertheless been mortally wounded .
official figures do not usually include animals that escape or are [freed] from the nets but have nevertheless been mortally wounded .

One skipper who sought to reduce the carnage discovered that trapped dolphins could be released from nets by the use of a manoeuvre which came to be known as ‘ backdown .
one skipper who sought to reduce the carnage discovered that trapped dolphins could be [freed] from nets by the use of a manoeuvre which came to be known as ‘ backdown .

In many tuna sets most encircled dolphins are successfully released , but sometimes adverse weather conditions or equipment malfunctions can hamper the efforts of even the best-intentioned and most experienced crews .
in many tuna sets most encircled dolphins are successfully [freed] , but sometimes adverse weather conditions or equipment malfunctions can hamper the efforts of even the best-intentioned and most experienced crews .

The nets are released at dusk , and drift with the ocean 's currents and winds , fishing the rich top 15 metres ( 50 feet ) of the sea , to be retrieved the next day .
the nets are [freed] at dusk , and drift with the ocean 's currents and winds , fishing the rich top 15 metres ( 50 feet ) of the sea , to be retrieved the next day .

Even the official Japanese estimates would result in 1100 km ( 690 miles ) of netting being released into the North Pacific each year , with a life expectancy measured in decades , if not centuries .
even the official japanese estimates would result in 1100 km ( 690 miles ) of netting being [freed] into the north pacific each year , with a life expectancy measured in decades , if not centuries .

When large quantities of oil are released after the break-up of a tanker , for example , sea birds appear to be more visibly affected than the smooth-skinned dolphins , possibly because cetaceans can choose to swim away from oil slicks , and do not have to keep returning through slicks to nesting sites on shore .
when large quantities of oil are [freed] after the break-up of a tanker , for example , sea birds appear to be more visibly affected than the smooth-skinned dolphins , possibly because cetaceans can choose to swim away from oil slicks , and do not have to keep returning through slicks to nesting sites on shore .

But biological weapons are unlikely to be much used on troops in combat , mainly because of the difficulties of getting the aerosols on to them without seeing them drift back on to those who released them .
but biological weapons are unlikely to be much used on troops in combat , mainly because of the difficulties of getting the aerosols on to them without seeing them drift back on to those who [freed] them .

We are used to evil men demanding a ransom before their victim can be released .
we are used to evil men demanding a ransom before their victim can be [freed] .

Terry Waite languishes in Lebanon — but it is possible to believe that if our Government came up with a suitably attractive offer , he would be released .
terry waite languishes in lebanon — but it is possible to believe that if our government came up with a suitably attractive offer , he would be [freed] .

In ‘ natural ’ circumstances ( before the introduction of CFCs and halons ) the ozone layer was kept in balance through natural processes , including destructive gases released at ground level .
in ‘ natural ’ circumstances ( before the introduction of cfcs and halons ) the ozone layer was kept in balance through natural processes , including destructive gases [freed] at ground level .

Released , they rise very slowly ( they can remain in the troposphere , or lower atmosphere , for 100 years ) and intact to the stratosphere .
[freed] , they rise very slowly ( they can remain in the troposphere , or lower atmosphere , for 100 years ) and intact to the stratosphere .

His first record was released in June 1964 when he was managed by Les Conn , who remembers how David and Marc Bohan would redecorate his office between gigs , and David 's first television appearance when he refused to cut his hair .
his first record was [freed] in june 1964 when he was managed by les conn , who remembers how david and marc bohan would redecorate his office between gigs , and david 's first television appearance when he refused to cut his hair .

It was at this time that ‘ Space Oddity ’ was released , a period in David 's life that brought both triumph and tragedy .
it was at this time that ‘ space oddity ’ was [freed] , a period in david 's life that brought both triumph and tragedy .

By this time , The King Bees had released a second single but this time without David Jones , although George Underwood was still with the band .
by this time , the king bees had [freed] a second single but this time without david jones , although george underwood was still with the band .

‘ Liza Jane ’ and ‘ Pity the Fool ’ were released at the time we joined him because he brought this record along and said , ‘ What do you think of this ?
‘ liza jane ’ and ‘ pity the fool ’ were [freed] at the time we joined him because he brought this record along and said , ‘ what do you think of this ?

’ We were obviously impressed because he 'd got a record released .
’ we were obviously impressed because he 'd got a record [freed] .

Nine singles and one album had been released , but success still eluded him .
nine singles and one album had been [freed] , but success still eluded him .

Tony Visconti : ‘ Space Oddity ’ had been recorded and released at this time although it was not selling .
tony visconti : ‘ space oddity ’ had been recorded and [freed] at this time although it was not selling .

The follow-up album , ‘ The Man Who Sold The World ’ which caused a parting of the ways between Tony Visconti and David , was also released .
the follow-up album , ‘ the man who sold the world ’ which caused a parting of the ways between tony visconti and david , was also [freed] .

Angie Bowie : ‘ Prior to the American Tour , the ‘ Ziggy Stardust ’ album had been released and David had already completed a tour of England .
angie bowie : ‘ prior to the american tour , the ‘ ziggy stardust ’ album had been [freed] and david had already completed a tour of england .

The Swiss Supreme Court says that any money will be released to the Philippine government only after a number of conditions have been met .
the swiss supreme court says that any money will be [freed] to the philippine government only after a number of conditions have been met .

Though he has not released a record in five years , his success in the 1980s was astronomical : his three solo albums sold more than 75m copies altogether , his two home-videos 1m each .
though he has not [freed] a record in five years , his success in the 1980s was astronomical : his three solo albums sold more than 75m copies altogether , his two home-videos 1m each .

However , when acid-levels in the gut are low , a hormone known as gastrin is released ; this induces an abnormal growth of stomach cells .
however , when acid-levels in the gut are low , a hormone known as gastrin is [freed] ; this induces an abnormal growth of stomach cells .

Many militants have been released , and some policemen think it a mug 's game to act tough .
many militants have been [freed] , and some policemen think it a mug 's game to act tough .

The elderly men released by Mr Menem were the chiefs of the ‘ dirty war ’ against subversion , in which at least 9,000 civilians , unconvicted of any crime , died or disappeared .
the elderly men [freed] by mr menem were the chiefs of the ‘ dirty war ’ against subversion , in which at least 9,000 civilians , unconvicted of any crime , died or disappeared .

In Argentina President Carlos Menem looks even weaker since he released the generals .
in argentina president carlos menem looks even weaker since he [freed] the generals .

Confidential Whitehall papers from 1960 , released under the 30-year rule , struck an unusually topical note .
confidential whitehall papers from 1960 , [freed] under the 30-year rule , struck an unusually topical note .

For a time briefer than the smallest period measurable by today 's clocks , the universe grew ever faster , as energy stored up in some hitherto unsuspected field of force was released .
for a time briefer than the smallest period measurable by today 's clocks , the universe grew ever faster , as energy stored up in some hitherto unsuspected field of force was [freed] .

Extracts from an official report on last summer 's Marchioness riverboat disaster were released by the member of Parliament in whose constituency the accident happened .
extracts from an official report on last summer 's marchioness riverboat disaster were [freed] by the member of parliament in whose constituency the accident happened .

Nobody knows , precisely enough to be of scientific or medical use , how much radiation was released into the air , how far it spread , and what the original doses received by people underneath it might have been .
nobody knows , precisely enough to be of scientific or medical use , how much radiation was [freed] into the air , how far it spread , and what the original doses received by people underneath it might have been .

Just a year ago one of the still-functioning reactors was closed down after another emergency released a small cloud of radioactive vapour into the air .
just a year ago one of the still-functioning reactors was closed down after another emergency [freed] a small cloud of radioactive vapour into the air .

Figures for America 's total current account ( to be released next month ) may even show a small surplus , or at least a rough balance — thanks partly to payments by foreign governments towards the cost of the Gulf war .
figures for america 's total current account ( to be [freed] next month ) may even show a small surplus , or at least a rough balance — thanks partly to payments by foreign governments towards the cost of the gulf war .

If Hollywood gossips are correct , then ‘ Hudson Hawk ’ , a $ 40m romp starring Bruce Willis and released by Tri-Star , may be one of the early victims .
if hollywood gossips are correct , then ‘ hudson hawk ’ , a $ 40m romp starring bruce willis and [freed] by tri-star , may be one of the early victims .

Most unpopular are subsidies to attract a buyer to take over an existing home so the seller is released to trade up .
most unpopular are subsidies to attract a buyer to take over an existing home so the seller is [freed] to trade up .

There are also indications that the current criminal investigation into Barlow Clowes may prevent the most sensitive parts from being released .
there are also indications that the current criminal investigation into barlow clowes may prevent the most sensitive parts from being [freed] .

Only one , a volley by Muir — released by Venables when he was manager of Queen 's Park Rangers — caused Thorstvedt any anxiety .
only one , a volley by muir — [freed] by venables when he was manager of queen 's park rangers — caused thorstvedt any anxiety .

Todd Bridges , a star of the television series ‘ Diff'rent Strokes ’ , has been released from jail after a court commissioner declared a mistrial on a charge that he attacked a man with a gun in a cocaine dealing house .
todd bridges , a star of the television series ‘ diff'rent strokes ’ , has been [freed] from jail after a court commissioner declared a mistrial on a charge that he attacked a man with a gun in a cocaine dealing house .

For random instance , CBS/Fox has recently released ( £9.99 each ) not only Cronenberg 's 1986 The Fly and its far from negligible 1958 forerunner , but also the 1959 quick-buck sequel to the latter , Return Of The Fly , a collector 's item , though not necessarily in qualitative terms .
for random instance , cbs/fox has recently [freed] ( £9.99 each ) not only cronenberg 's 1986 the fly and its far from negligible 1958 forerunner , but also the 1959 quick-buck sequel to the latter , return of the fly , a collector 's item , though not necessarily in qualitative terms .

In 1981 the Human League released Dare , which promptly became a global electropop sensation .
in 1981 the human league [freed] dare , which promptly became a global electropop sensation .

On one unsettling day 13 professionals were released , 12 of them on free transfers .
on one unsettling day 13 professionals were [freed] , 12 of them on free transfers .

Deeside Dragons , still searching for a point in the Heineken British League First Division , have released the Americans Tim McGee and Tim Caddo .
deeside dragons , still searching for a point in the heineken british league first division , have [freed] the americans tim mcgee and tim caddo .

Meanwhile John Aldridge , released by Liverpool at the start of the season , is apparently on song with his new club Real Sociedad , scoring in their defeat of the Spanish champions Real Madrid at the weekend .
meanwhile john aldridge , [freed] by liverpool at the start of the season , is apparently on song with his new club real sociedad , scoring in their defeat of the spanish champions real madrid at the weekend .

Fresh tests on milk samples released last night showed 70 per cent of 238 dairy farms analysed were producing milk with lead levels above the Department of Health 's recommended safety limit , although 72 farms were within the limit of less than 0.05 milligrams of lead per litre .
fresh tests on milk samples [freed] last night showed 70 per cent of 238 dairy farms analysed were producing milk with lead levels above the department of health 's recommended safety limit , although 72 farms were within the limit of less than 0.05 milligrams of lead per litre .

The Ministry of Agriculture said yesterday it was hoped that next week would see the first dairy farms released from the restriction orders .
the ministry of agriculture said yesterday it was hoped that next week would see the first dairy farms [freed] from the restriction orders .

People who bought Dixons traded options on Tuesday and sold once news of the bid was released yesterday made a 100 per cent profit in 24 hours .
people who bought dixons traded options on tuesday and sold once news of the bid was [freed] yesterday made a 100 per cent profit in 24 hours .

There must be some question as to how reliable the East German troops would be in such a situation , bearing in mind that most of them are conscripts , and that about 30,000 of them have recently been released from military service to man understaffed factories .
there must be some question as to how reliable the east german troops would be in such a situation , bearing in mind that most of them are conscripts , and that about 30,000 of them have recently been [freed] from military service to man understaffed factories .

The commission , which released its figures yesterday after a survey of 270 housing authorities , says housing managers should be following its guidelines to reduce arrears .
the commission , which [freed] its figures yesterday after a survey of 270 housing authorities , says housing managers should be following its guidelines to reduce arrears .

Best known of these was Dead Ringer ( 1964 , released in Britain as Dead Image ) , in which Bette Davis gave a superlative performance as twins , one evil , the other angelic .
best known of these was dead ringer ( 1964 , [freed] in britain as dead image ) , in which bette davis gave a superlative performance as twins , one evil , the other angelic .

The deal , released yesterday , will boost Tory election prospects in seats as far apart as Preston , Lancashire , where British Aerospace build Tornado bombers , Brough on Humberside , where Hawk trainers are built , Southampton where Vosper 's build minesweepers , and Yeovil in Somerset , the home of Westland helicopters — all expected to be part of the arms package .
the deal , [freed] yesterday , will boost tory election prospects in seats as far apart as preston , lancashire , where british aerospace build tornado bombers , brough on humberside , where hawk trainers are built , southampton where vosper 's build minesweepers , and yeovil in somerset , the home of westland helicopters — all expected to be part of the arms package .

While more than 1,000 university and polytechnic staff signed the letter , which was released to the press last Friday , others have condemned it as unrepresentative .
while more than 1,000 university and polytechnic staff signed the letter , which was [freed] to the press last friday , others have condemned it as unrepresentative .

Nigel Mansell is one example , though Mansell 's metabolism , once released from the horrors of his competitive life , seems to revert to such extreme placidity that it is possible to picture him living out his days as a happy family man and manager of his own investments .
nigel mansell is one example , though mansell 's metabolism , once [freed] from the horrors of his competitive life , seems to revert to such extreme placidity that it is possible to picture him living out his days as a happy family man and manager of his own investments .

During the same period , the North American mink has escaped or been released from fur farms and has spread almost nationwide .
during the same period , the north american mink has escaped or been [freed] from fur farms and has spread almost nationwide .

Nine players and two back-room staff were also released by the administrators , who are attempting to save more than £350,000 in 17 weeks .
nine players and two back-room staff were also [freed] by the administrators , who are attempting to save more than £350,000 in 17 weeks .

The number of skiers killed or injured on piste is also continuing to fall , according to statistics released by the Austrian Ski Federation .
the number of skiers killed or injured on piste is also continuing to fall , according to statistics [freed] by the austrian ski federation .

In keeping with the increasingly presidential style of his campaign , Mr Kinnock arrived at the city 's docklands development by helicopter , and released 1,992 balloons to symbolise Southampton 's links with Europe .
in keeping with the increasingly presidential style of his campaign , mr kinnock arrived at the city 's docklands development by helicopter , and [freed] 1,992 balloons to symbolise southampton 's links with europe .

The association released details of a survey of 244 carers showing that half of were unsure of their duties under the Act .
the association [freed] details of a survey of 244 carers showing that half of were unsure of their duties under the act .

They were released by the Chancellor to the House of Commons .
they were [freed] by the chancellor to the house of commons .

They were each sentenced to six years ' imprisonment , but were released on bail pending an appeal which has still to be heard .
they were each sentenced to six years ' imprisonment , but were [freed] on bail pending an appeal which has still to be heard .

The cells seem to compete for survival factors released by target cells that the nerve cells contact ; about half get enough to survive , the rest kill themselves .
the cells seem to compete for survival factors [freed] by target cells that the nerve cells contact ; about half get enough to survive , the rest kill themselves .

Mr Albert Reynolds , the Irish prime minister , officially released the Joyce-Leon collection at a ceremony in the library 's Reading Room .
mr albert reynolds , the irish prime minister , officially [freed] the joyce-leon collection at a ceremony in the library 's reading room .

The ‘ wild ’ characteristics have been bred out of them for many generations and few would survive long if released into the wild .
the ‘ wild ’ characteristics have been bred out of them for many generations and few would survive long if [freed] into the wild .

Park-bred Barn Owls have been released in the area .
park-bred barn owls have been [freed] in the area .

Miguelito swore and released the branches .
miguelito swore and [freed] the branches .

If she released her grasp , she would have nothing left .
if she [freed] her grasp , she would have nothing left .

In June 1986 the Commission released its own 1985 survey , which now found a ‘ high degree of yellowing ’ in some Scots pine , as well as yellowing on Norway and Sitka spruce .
in june 1986 the commission [freed] its own 1985 survey , which now found a ‘ high degree of yellowing ’ in some scots pine , as well as yellowing on norway and sitka spruce .

At the same time as the Commission put out its 1986 study of conifers , it released its 1985 survey of beech trees .
at the same time as the commission put out its 1986 study of conifers , it [freed] its 1985 survey of beech trees .

It seems highly likely , for example , that much of the nitrate now appearing in some ground water in Britain was actually first released almost fifty years ago , when grassland was ploughed to make way for cereal as the country strove to increase its home-grown food supply .
it seems highly likely , for example , that much of the nitrate now appearing in some ground water in britain was actually first [freed] almost fifty years ago , when grassland was ploughed to make way for cereal as the country strove to increase its home-grown food supply .

Then the ‘ hill ’ of warm water is released , and begins to flow east towards South America .
then the ‘ hill ’ of warm water is [freed] , and begins to flow east towards south america .

In particular , chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) are released from aerosols , and are used as coolants in refrigerators , from which they escape .
in particular , chlorofluorocarbons ( cfcs ) are [freed] from aerosols , and are used as coolants in refrigerators , from which they escape .

Human beings learnt to control fire about 100 000 years ago , causing gouts of smoke and carbon dioxide to be released into the atmosphere .
human beings learnt to control fire about 100 000 years ago , causing gouts of smoke and carbon dioxide to be [freed] into the atmosphere .

In addition , many kinds of coal — including the kind found in Britain — contains appreciable amounts of sulphur ; and when it is burnt , this is released as oxides of sulphur .
in addition , many kinds of coal — including the kind found in britain — contains appreciable amounts of sulphur ; and when it is burnt , this is [freed] as oxides of sulphur .

The lowering of pH in fact causes aluminium to be released from clays ( in which it abounds ) , and this causes the fish 's gills to produce mucus , which reduces their ability to absorb oxygen .
the lowering of ph in fact causes aluminium to be [freed] from clays ( in which it abounds ) , and this causes the fish 's gills to produce mucus , which reduces their ability to absorb oxygen .

And some of these early organisms then developed a further ability : to use that newly released chemical energy to manufacture their own organic molecules .
and some of these early organisms then developed a further ability : to use that newly [freed] chemical energy to manufacture their own organic molecules .

Hydrogen is also released as water is split , and photosynthesis employs a second process to make use of it .
hydrogen is also [freed] as water is split , and photosynthesis employs a second process to make use of it .

Note incidentally , that the term ‘ photosynthesis ’ applies to two different processes : first , the splitting of water ; and second , the joining of released hydrogen to carbon dioxide , to create organic molecules .
note incidentally , that the term ‘ photosynthesis ’ applies to two different processes : first , the splitting of water ; and second , the joining of [freed] hydrogen to carbon dioxide , to create organic molecules .

As one gains in skill the performance of the task of riding is released to the periphery of awareness .
as one gains in skill the performance of the task of riding is [freed] to the periphery of awareness .

If he is sad , then his art expresses a sadness , as Ivy Campbell-Fisher ( 1950 ) puts it , ‘ released from the entanglement of contingency ’ ( p. 267 ) .
if he is sad , then his art expresses a sadness , as ivy campbell-fisher ( 1950 ) puts it , ‘ [freed] from the entanglement of contingency ’ ( p. 267 ) .

And a stable currency gives industry a chance to realise the potential released by the reforms of the 1990s .
and a stable currency gives industry a chance to realise the potential [freed] by the reforms of the 1990s .

Success has been own when we have given our people their head : when their natural skills , talents , energy , thrift and inventiveness have been released , not suppressed .
success has been own when we have given our people their head : when their natural skills , talents , energy , thrift and inventiveness have been [freed] , not suppressed .

It sustains our cashflow , it has cut our overdraft , and it has released some of the directors ’ personal guarantees .
it sustains our cashflow , it has cut our overdraft , and it has [freed] some of the directors ’ personal guarantees .

If there is no one already employed who could do the job and be released to undertake it , then it means going to the open market .
if there is no one already employed who could do the job and be [freed] to undertake it , then it means going to the open market .

Her steely determination , however , had worked , and that very weekend Earl Spencer had been released from hospital and moved into a suite at the Dorchester Hotel , until he was strong enough to be moved home to Northamptonshire .
her steely determination , however , had worked , and that very weekend earl spencer had been [freed] from hospital and moved into a suite at the dorchester hotel , until he was strong enough to be moved home to northamptonshire .

In a letter to Mr Kinnock released last night , she said : ‘ You ask about support for the Khmer Rouge .
in a letter to mr kinnock [freed] last night , she said : ‘ you ask about support for the khmer rouge .

Unprecedentedly , he also gave a television interview from his vantage point as the workers filed by carrying red flags , banners and coloured balloons which they released into the cold , grey sky .
unprecedentedly , he also gave a television interview from his vantage point as the workers filed by carrying red flags , banners and coloured balloons which they [freed] into the cold , grey sky .

The two couples spent hours laboriously unpicking the stitching until they had released the fabric squares , from which they chose five to reproduce .
the two couples spent hours laboriously unpicking the stitching until they had [freed] the fabric squares , from which they chose five to reproduce .

An American anthropologist , Lesli O'Dowd who has settled in Mayo and is the author of an Earthwatch special report , Gold Mining and the Irish Environment , feels that its risks have been exaggerated , but that other metals and chemicals released during cyaniding may pose a more serious toxic threat .
an american anthropologist , lesli o'dowd who has settled in mayo and is the author of an earthwatch special report , gold mining and the irish environment , feels that its risks have been exaggerated , but that other metals and chemicals [freed] during cyaniding may pose a more serious toxic threat .

If the day is sunny , as drying proceeds , clouds of wind-borne seeds will be released or pods will open , often scattering their contents explosively .
if the day is sunny , as drying proceeds , clouds of wind-borne seeds will be [freed] or pods will open , often scattering their contents explosively .

It is released when we are angry or anxious and its release is a major part of the ‘ fight and flight ’ reaction in animals .
it is [freed] when we are angry or anxious and its release is a major part of the ‘ fight and flight ’ reaction in animals .

Under normal circumstances when there is no undue stress — as in the examples of the soldiers or people living normal lives — adrenalin is released in far smaller amounts .
under normal circumstances when there is no undue stress — as in the examples of the soldiers or people living normal lives — adrenalin is [freed] in far smaller amounts .

The amount of insulin released into the bloodstream by the pancreas in response to eating a standard amount of glucose is less in the afternoon and evening than in the morning , and this suggests that there is a rhythm in the sensitivity of the pancreas to raised blood glucose .
the amount of insulin [freed] into the bloodstream by the pancreas in response to eating a standard amount of glucose is less in the afternoon and evening than in the morning , and this suggests that there is a rhythm in the sensitivity of the pancreas to raised blood glucose .

Growth hormone is released into the blood during the first part of sleep , but this is affected by the 24-hour body clock to a small extent only , so that changes in the timing of sleep are followed almost immediately by changes in growth hormone release .
growth hormone is [freed] into the blood during the first part of sleep , but this is affected by the 24-hour body clock to a small extent only , so that changes in the timing of sleep are followed almost immediately by changes in growth hormone release .

However , growth hormone , like other hormones , is released in a series of short bursts and it is the frequency of these that is increased just after sleep onset ( see fig .
however , growth hormone , like other hormones , is [freed] in a series of short bursts and it is the frequency of these that is increased just after sleep onset ( see fig .

These new lipsticks contain thousands of colour fluid capsules which are released every time lips are pressed together — from drinking , or even from kissing !
these new lipsticks contain thousands of colour fluid capsules which are [freed] every time lips are pressed together — from drinking , or even from kissing !

It is worth describing it at such length so that readers who have not read Tolkien 's ‘ minor ’ works might develop some idea of Lewis 's importance as Tolkien 's ‘ onlie begetter ’ or ‘ miglior fabbro ’ , for there can be very little doubt that it was Lewis 's friendship and encouragement which led Tolkien to write the works which made his name with the public ; just as it was Tolkien 's friendship which released in Lewis wells of creativity which had remained ( though he was so naturally fluent ) mysteriously dry .
it is worth describing it at such length so that readers who have not read tolkien 's ‘ minor ’ works might develop some idea of lewis 's importance as tolkien 's ‘ onlie begetter ’ or ‘ miglior fabbro ’ , for there can be very little doubt that it was lewis 's friendship and encouragement which led tolkien to write the works which made his name with the public ; just as it was tolkien 's friendship which [freed] in lewis wells of creativity which had remained ( though he was so naturally fluent ) mysteriously dry .

What we do know is that his full conversion to Christianity released in him a literary flow which only ceased with death .
what we do know is that his full conversion to christianity [freed] in him a literary flow which only ceased with death .

Many other films released at this time showed how widespread were the skills developed by Hepworth .
many other films [freed] at this time showed how widespread were the skills developed by hepworth .

Granger , these full-blooded pictures were among the most popular films released in the latter stages of the war .
granger , these full-blooded pictures were among the most popular films [freed] in the latter stages of the war .

The resulting film , released in 1958 , centres on a bright , ambitious young man , living in a charmless northern town , who marries out of his working-class background in a cynical pitch to advance himself .
the resulting film , [freed] in 1958 , centres on a bright , ambitious young man , living in a charmless northern town , who marries out of his working-class background in a cynical pitch to advance himself .

It moved with a heavy surge and the dog released it , her hackles rising .
it moved with a heavy surge and the dog [freed] it , her hackles rising .

After two months nine of us nuns were released .
after two months nine of us nuns were [freed] .

So , from our nunnery four including me stayed in prison … After eight months the Chinese said we were going to be tried , but one month before the trial we were released .
so , from our nunnery four including me stayed in prison … after eight months the chinese said we were going to be tried , but one month before the trial we were [freed] .

These are released when heated or crushed .
these are [freed] when heated or crushed .

The figures were released as Nigel Lawson , the Chancellor , warned that interest rates could climb even further to clamp down on rising prices .
the figures were [freed] as nigel lawson , the chancellor , warned that interest rates could climb even further to clamp down on rising prices .

Ten Kurds who had been in detention were released from Haslar yesterday with permission to stay while their applications for political asylum are processed .
ten kurds who had been in detention were [freed] from haslar yesterday with permission to stay while their applications for political asylum are processed .

Last night there was no news about whether he had been released .
last night there was no news about whether he had been [freed] .

Released from duty and put on the case , Renko builds up a long list of suspects , Zita having slept with most of the crew and possibly some of the flatfish .
[freed] from duty and put on the case , renko builds up a long list of suspects , zita having slept with most of the crew and possibly some of the flatfish .

One of the prison warders , he said , had asked him if he knew when the men were to be released .
one of the prison warders , he said , had asked him if he knew when the men were to be [freed] .

George Shipley , the former Charlton midfield player who was released by Gillingham at the end of last season , has officially retired at the age of 30 on medical advice , after a series of knee operations .
george shipley , the former charlton midfield player who was [freed] by gillingham at the end of last season , has officially retired at the age of 30 on medical advice , after a series of knee operations .

‘ Over the meal he told us that he had discussed with the authorities what people would be released .
‘ over the meal he told us that he had discussed with the authorities what people would be [freed] .

’ So , the leaders will be released to lead the people .
’ so , the leaders will be [freed] to lead the people .

They were later released after their commanders promised there would be no further incidents , said duty officer Paulino Cardoso .
they were later [freed] after their commanders promised there would be no further incidents , said duty officer paulino cardoso .

The controversy surrounding the interpretation of Aristotle 's conception of form is unending , but , on all interpretations , his objective is to give forms as great an affinity with particulars as is possible , consistent with their retaining a sort of generality which is , so to speak , released in the intellect when they are thought .
the controversy surrounding the interpretation of aristotle 's conception of form is unending , but , on all interpretations , his objective is to give forms as great an affinity with particulars as is possible , consistent with their retaining a sort of generality which is , so to speak , [freed] in the intellect when they are thought .

When you and they are satisfied with the work , the grant will be released to you and you can then pay the builder .
when you and they are satisfied with the work , the grant will be [freed] to you and you can then pay the builder .

The cell walls in the ‘ stings ’ on the stems contain silica , a glass-like substance ; they puncture the skin , and then the irritant poison is released .
the cell walls in the ‘ stings ’ on the stems contain silica , a glass-like substance ; they puncture the skin , and then the irritant poison is [freed] .

It is normal practice to use a drogue or parachute to keep the cable under tension after it has been released from the glider .
it is normal practice to use a drogue or parachute to keep the cable under tension after it has been [freed] from the glider .

Situations where the cable or tow rope can not be released are now very rare .
situations where the cable or tow rope can not be [freed] are now very rare .

( Their Peoples ' Song Books were released in two volumes .
( their peoples ' song books were [freed] in two volumes .

An anti-divorce video was released by the Catholic Communications Institute of Ireland and placed on sale in the Veritas Bookshop in Dublin .
an anti-divorce video was [freed] by the catholic communications institute of ireland and placed on sale in the veritas bookshop in dublin .

Men and women discharged from hospital with nowhere to live , or released from prison back into the community , are having to sleep rough or doss down wherever they can find a willing friend .
men and women discharged from hospital with nowhere to live , or [freed] from prison back into the community , are having to sleep rough or doss down wherever they can find a willing friend .

Arabella Buckley had released her grip on the Finn 's long , ginger-suited arm .
arabella buckley had [freed] her grip on the finn 's long , ginger-suited arm .

The Oufkir family , released in February 1991 . Page 26
the oufkir family , [freed] in february 1991 . page 26

Two prisoners formerly featured in the Letter Writing Campaign , Thoza Khonje and George Mtafu , were among at least 21 political prisoners released in Malawi between January and March this year — all of them long-term detainees held without charge or trial .
two prisoners formerly featured in the letter writing campaign , thoza khonje and george mtafu , were among at least 21 political prisoners [freed] in malawi between january and march this year — all of them long-term detainees held without charge or trial .

Five prisoners of conscience held in Swaziland since November 1990 under renewable 60-day administrative detention orders were released on 22 March 1991 .
five prisoners of conscience held in swaziland since november 1990 under renewable 60-day administrative detention orders were [freed] on 22 march 1991 .

Most of those released are non-political prisoners convicted of criminal offences , but a number of prisoners of conscience will also be released .
most of those [freed] are non-political prisoners convicted of criminal offences , but a number of prisoners of conscience will also be [freed] .

Salih al-'Azzaz , a prominent writer and journalist , was released uncharged on 4 March .
salih al-'azzaz , a prominent writer and journalist , was [freed] uncharged on 4 march .

He had previously been arrested in May 1982 , when he was editor-in-chief of al-Yawm newspaper , and was held without charge or trial until he was released following an amnesty at the end of 1982 .
he had previously been arrested in may 1982 , when he was editor-in-chief of al-yawm newspaper , and was held without charge or trial until he was [freed] following an amnesty at the end of 1982 .

All those who have written to the prisoners will be pleased to know that Henrick Gjoka from Albania , Reverend Lawford Imunde from Kenya and Ernesto Diaz Rodriguez from Cuba have been released .
all those who have written to the prisoners will be pleased to know that henrick gjoka from albania , reverend lawford imunde from kenya and ernesto diaz rodriguez from cuba have been [freed] .

39 of the prisoners featured in the letter writing campaign have been released ; about 50 remain in prison .
39 of the prisoners featured in the letter writing campaign have been [freed] ; about 50 remain in prison .

Although many of these detainees were released in 1989 , including Mulugetta 's wife and son , he is one of 50 still held .
although many of these detainees were [freed] in 1989 , including mulugetta 's wife and son , he is one of 50 still held .

Kwame Karikari , Ghana : released December 1988 .
kwame karikari , ghana : [freed] december 1988 .

Oumarou Aman , Cameroon : released from labour camp in January 1991 after being held for more than six years without charge or trial .
oumarou aman , cameroon : [freed] from labour camp in january 1991 after being held for more than six years without charge or trial .

Thoza Khonje , Malawi : released February 1991 , having been detained for two years after making remarks which were interpreted as critical of the Life President .
thoza khonje , malawi : [freed] february 1991 , having been detained for two years after making remarks which were interpreted as critical of the life president .

Dr George Mtafu , Malawi : released January 1991 .
dr george mtafu , malawi : [freed] january 1991 .

Ismail Mehmedov Hyuseyinov , Bulgaria : released from exile , May 1989 .
ismail mehmedov hyuseyinov , bulgaria : [freed] from exile , may 1989 .

Manuel González and Lidia González García , Cuba : released on expiry of their sentences , Manuel in January 1990 and Lidia in November 1989 .
manuel gonzález and lidia gonzález garcía , cuba : [freed] on expiry of their sentences , manuel in january 1990 and lidia in november 1989 .

Baha bin Mohamed , Brunei : released January 1990 after swearing an oath of allegiance to the Sultan , the Government , and the laws of the state of Brunei Darussalam .
baha bin mohamed , brunei : [freed] january 1990 after swearing an oath of allegiance to the sultan , the government , and the laws of the state of brunei darussalam .

Vincent Cheng and Two Sho Lung , Singapore : conditionally released in June 1990 .
vincent cheng and two sho lung , singapore : conditionally [freed] in june 1990 .

Ask that he is released immediately .
ask that he is [freed] immediately .

Tell the President that you have read about their case , that their trial was unfair — even the Appeal Court agrees on this — and ask that they are released immediately .
tell the president that you have read about their case , that their trial was unfair — even the appeal court agrees on this — and ask that they are [freed] immediately .

Ask that they are released immediately .
ask that they are [freed] immediately .

The Yugoslav federal criminal law was changed in 1990 and many people convicted for similar non-violent political activity were released .
the yugoslav federal criminal law was changed in 1990 and many people convicted for similar non-violent political activity were [freed] .

The sentences of most of the military prisoners were completed years ago , but nobody is released .
the sentences of most of the military prisoners were completed years ago , but nobody is [freed] .

To coincide with his latest visit to Europe , Amnesty released a document outlining the apparent lack of accountability of the security forces .
to coincide with his latest visit to europe , amnesty [freed] a document outlining the apparent lack of accountability of the security forces .

( From a student released from an East Berlin jail in 1964 )
( from a student [freed] from an east berlin jail in 1964 )

This is the mid-Sixties , and homosexuals are being released from the closet by a law enacted by Parliament late in the novel .
this is the mid-sixties , and homosexuals are being [freed] from the closet by a law enacted by parliament late in the novel .

It is often eaten by athletes who require gradually released energy for long distance events .
it is often eaten by athletes who require gradually [freed] energy for long distance events .

Gillian offered Ray a pack of Marlboro Lights ; he released her hand , took one and lit her cigarette , then his .
gillian offered ray a pack of marlboro lights ; he [freed] her hand , took one and lit her cigarette , then his .

Husbands and wives , sons and lovers , wives and boy-friends , husbands and girl-friends can be happy that no details will be released to their other half unless the patient specifically requests it .
husbands and wives , sons and lovers , wives and boy-friends , husbands and girl-friends can be happy that no details will be [freed] to their other half unless the patient specifically requests it .

This tourniquet is released before the needle is withdrawn from the vein to prevent the back-pressure which has built up from causing the blood to spurt out and form a bruise .
this tourniquet is [freed] before the needle is withdrawn from the vein to prevent the back-pressure which has built up from causing the blood to spurt out and form a bruise .

Victim released two singles , ‘ Strange Thing By Night ’ and ‘ Why Are Fire Engines Red ’ .
victim [freed] two singles , ‘ strange thing by night ’ and ‘ why are fire engines red ’ .

The most important song in the world was released in May 1983 .
the most important song in the world was [freed] in may 1983 .

Released amid a wave of publicity , Shaw 's ‘ Hand In Glove ’ reached number 27 and resulted in one bizarre Top Of The Pops appearance .
[freed] amid a wave of publicity , shaw 's ‘ hand in glove ’ reached number 27 and resulted in one bizarre top of the pops appearance .

Interesting to note that in a week where Madonna , Nick Heyward , Tracie , The Pretenders and Siouxsie and The Banshees all released singles , only the low key meanderings of The Smiths were to find fruition as hit material .
interesting to note that in a week where madonna , nick heyward , tracie , the pretenders and siouxsie and the banshees all [freed] singles , only the low key meanderings of the smiths were to find fruition as hit material .

Fact : By relinquishing the responsibility of video , The Smiths retain the freedom to choose which singles are released .
fact : by relinquishing the responsibility of video , the smiths retain the freedom to choose which singles are [freed] .

Such was the reaction to the song that Rough Trade bravely released a single which already featured twice in the record collections of the die hard followers .
such was the reaction to the song that rough trade bravely [freed] a single which already featured twice in the record collections of the die hard followers .

Pink Industry had just released a single ; a rare event to say the least .
pink industry had just [freed] a single ; a rare event to say the least .

In February The Smiths released ‘ Hatful Of Hollow Part Two ’ or , as it is officially entitled , ‘ The World Wo n't Listen ’ .
in february the smiths [freed] ‘ hatful of hollow part two ’ or , as it is officially entitled , ‘ the world wo n't listen ’ .

Rough Trade released two more singles from ‘ Strangeways , Here We Come ’ .
rough trade [freed] two more singles from ‘ strangeways , here we come ’ .

The cholesterol is released and is incorporated into the cell 's internal membranes .
the cholesterol is [freed] and is incorporated into the cell 's internal membranes .

Organisms that released spores when they were too young or too old would end up with fewer descendants than rivals that built up their strength and then released a massive number of spores when in the prime of life .
organisms that [freed] spores when they were too young or too old would end up with fewer descendants than rivals that built up their strength and then [freed] a massive number of spores when in the prime of life .

Also , his wheels are released soon , called Fuzzy Little Snow Frogs , they 're 57mm .
also , his wheels are [freed] soon , called fuzzy little snow frogs , they 're 57mm .

It is in the myth of Odysseus that they most poignantly figure out the tragic paralysis of the dialectic , and , by extension , the quandary of cultural critique : to steer past the temptations of the Sirens whose fatal song can not be resisted , Odysseus stuffs his men 's ears with wax so that they will not be distracted from their rowing , and binds himself to the mast with orders that he must not be released .
it is in the myth of odysseus that they most poignantly figure out the tragic paralysis of the dialectic , and , by extension , the quandary of cultural critique : to steer past the temptations of the sirens whose fatal song can not be resisted , odysseus stuffs his men 's ears with wax so that they will not be distracted from their rowing , and binds himself to the mast with orders that he must not be [freed] .

It was released in December 1945 , to an overwhelmingly positive critical response that praised its ‘ maturity ’ and ‘ realism ’ , and also hailed it as the latest success from the Coward/Lean ‘ team ’ , which had , during the Second World War , produced three notably successful films , namely In Which We Serve ( 1942 ) , This Happy Breed ( 1944 ) , and Blithe Spirit ( 1945 ) .
it was [freed] in december 1945 , to an overwhelmingly positive critical response that praised its ‘ maturity ’ and ‘ realism ’ , and also hailed it as the latest success from the coward/lean ‘ team ’ , which had , during the second world war , produced three notably successful films , namely in which we serve ( 1942 ) , this happy breed ( 1944 ) , and blithe spirit ( 1945 ) .

Endorphins are released in response to severely painful stimuli .
endorphins are [freed] in response to severely painful stimuli .

It is also interesting to note that endorphins are released when acupuncture is practised and perhaps make a significant contribution to the therapeutic effects which may be achieved .
it is also interesting to note that endorphins are [freed] when acupuncture is practised and perhaps make a significant contribution to the therapeutic effects which may be achieved .

As the World Bank noted in its debt tables released this week : ‘ The large foreign debt burden , in conjunction with domestic fiscal crises , continues to feed uncertainties regarding long-term investment and represents a drain on resources . ’
as the world bank noted in its debt tables [freed] this week : ‘ the large foreign debt burden , in conjunction with domestic fiscal crises , continues to feed uncertainties regarding long-term investment and represents a drain on resources . ’

Released from hospital .
[freed] from hospital .

The message they will receive from Mr Desmond Pitcher , chairman of the company , is that the 700 megawatts of pollution-free energy released by harnessing the 10-metre tidal rise and fall will be commercially attractive over the project 's 120-year life .
the message they will receive from mr desmond pitcher , chairman of the company , is that the 700 megawatts of pollution-free energy [freed] by harnessing the 10-metre tidal rise and fall will be commercially attractive over the project 's 120-year life .

In a statement released by the Department of Health last night , management said : ‘ There is little point in meeting Apap in the near future because such a meeting would be bound to raise false expectations of an improved offer . ’
in a statement [freed] by the department of health last night , management said : ‘ there is little point in meeting apap in the near future because such a meeting would be bound to raise false expectations of an improved offer . ’

However , Mr Ridley said the Government disagreed with the five main findings of Sir Anthony Barrowclough , the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration , whose 170-page report was released yesterday after a 13-month investigation .
however , mr ridley said the government disagreed with the five main findings of sir anthony barrowclough , the parliamentary commissioner for administration , whose 170-page report was [freed] yesterday after a 13-month investigation .

Mr Modrow added that political prisoners held in East Germany would be released before Christmas in a further gesture of goodwill .
mr modrow added that political prisoners held in east germany would be [freed] before christmas in a further gesture of goodwill .

Two other Iranians arrested at the same time by Greater Manchester police were released without charge yesterday .
two other iranians arrested at the same time by greater manchester police were [freed] without charge yesterday .

The latest list , released yesterday , shows Alan Cooke still at No.1 .
the latest list , [freed] yesterday , shows alan cooke still at no.1 .

They released the valves on the heaters and vapour poured from every orifice , turning the station into something like Monet 's Gare St Lazare .
they [freed] the valves on the heaters and vapour poured from every orifice , turning the station into something like monet 's gare st lazare .

Brazilian music can usually be found only on specialist world-music labels , but suddenly there are three compilation albums released by the majors .
brazilian music can usually be found only on specialist world-music labels , but suddenly there are three compilation albums [freed] by the majors .

Tron was released in 1982 , using computer animation to rescue a poor script .
tron was [freed] in 1982 , using computer animation to rescue a poor script .

But the community forests — plus the Commission 's other plan for 100,000 acres of new forest in the Midlands , which will also soak up redundant land — together with new land released for development , will barely scratch the surface of the problem .
but the community forests — plus the commission 's other plan for 100,000 acres of new forest in the midlands , which will also soak up redundant land — together with new land [freed] for development , will barely scratch the surface of the problem .

In Australia six years ago they released a squealingly plump piglet onto the field , with the legend ‘ Eddie ’ daubed on its side .
in australia six years ago they [freed] a squealingly plump piglet onto the field , with the legend ‘ eddie ’ daubed on its side .

Galley slave During the Admiral 's Cup he ( Lawrie Smith ) was released to be starving helmsman and tactician aboard the top-scoring Jamarella .
galley slave during the admiral 's cup he ( lawrie smith ) was [freed] to be starving helmsman and tactician aboard the top-scoring jamarella .

Balloons were released and Czechoslovak flags were waved as passing motorists sounded their horns in noisy support .
balloons were [freed] and czechoslovak flags were waved as passing motorists sounded their horns in noisy support .

Figures released by the Central Statistical Office yesterday showed that the current account was £1.4billion in the red in November , some £300million less than the revised deficit for October and the lowest since March .
figures [freed] by the central statistical office yesterday showed that the current account was £1.4billion in the red in november , some £300million less than the revised deficit for october and the lowest since march .

Possibly more troublesome and dangerous are micro-organisms which can be used in agricultural and medical applications but once released can not be recaptured .
possibly more troublesome and dangerous are micro-organisms which can be used in agricultural and medical applications but once [freed] can not be recaptured .

With the Brazilian championship decided , both have been released by their clubs .
with the brazilian championship decided , both have been [freed] by their clubs .

Strett had already restored the North 's lead when Bryan Barley intercepted a Soviet move on his own 22 and Stuart Holmes released Heslop who galloped 50 metres for a superb try that Strett converted .
strett had already restored the north 's lead when bryan barley intercepted a soviet move on his own 22 and stuart holmes [freed] heslop who galloped 50 metres for a superb try that strett converted .

No sooner had the door closed than Mona , released from the tension of his presence , let slip a plate from her hands .
no sooner had the door closed than mona , [freed] from the tension of his presence , let slip a plate from her hands .

The Aire and Calder Navigation has been stocked with 30,000 small fish released below Fish Ponds Lock south of Leeds — and it 's set to receive more .
the aire and calder navigation has been stocked with 30,000 small fish [freed] below fish ponds lock south of leeds — and it 's set to receive more .

Small chub released at Utley failed to show .
small chub [freed] at utley failed to show .

How can the blowing of such a bubble , and , once it was inflated and released , its durability , be accounted for ?
how can the blowing of such a bubble , and , once it was inflated and [freed] , its durability , be accounted for ?

Released from the spell , Rachel took a deep breath and knew her duty .
[freed] from the spell , rachel took a deep breath and knew her duty .

Her release from tension released Phoebe 's fears . Suddenly it was she who was shaking and crying ,
her release from tension [freed] phoebe 's fears . suddenly it was she who was shaking and crying ,

Most publishers wo n't pay artists any money until a record has been released in a major market because the publisher has no other way of recouping any investment .
most publishers wo n't pay artists any money until a record has been [freed] in a major market because the publisher has no other way of recouping any investment .

Singles released by major , established artists often benefit from a substantial marketing campaign , with posters and media advertising .
singles [freed] by major , established artists often benefit from a substantial marketing campaign , with posters and media advertising .

In turn , the artist supports the album by undertaking promotional work and , where possible , touring when the album is released .
in turn , the artist supports the album by undertaking promotional work and , where possible , touring when the album is [freed] .

It can be a year from signing the deal that the first single is released .
it can be a year from signing the deal that the first single is [freed] .

There would be a product guarantee to deliver an album of material per year , which would be released under the separate recording contract .
there would be a product guarantee to deliver an album of material per year , which would be [freed] under the separate recording contract .

the publisher attempts to place the artist 's songs with record companies , or with artists , to get them recorded and released on record .
the publisher attempts to place the artist 's songs with record companies , or with artists , to get them recorded and [freed] on record .

Apart from albums , there are over 100 singles released every week in Britain , and only five to ten of them will have much commercial success .
apart from albums , there are over 100 singles [freed] every week in britain , and only five to ten of them will have much commercial success .

Ideally , artists should see an album released in every twelve months of the agreement .
ideally , artists should see an album [freed] in every twelve months of the agreement .

New walk guides are released
new walk guides are [freed]

News of McCartney 's intention to give the woodland , known as Sir John 's Allotment , to the anti hunt protesters was strategically released just days before the opening meet of the Devon and Somerset Stag Hounds .
news of mccartney 's intention to give the woodland , known as sir john 's allotment , to the anti hunt protesters was strategically [freed] just days before the opening meet of the devon and somerset stag hounds .

It was a dark flood of electric passion she released from him , drew into herself .
it was a dark flood of electric passion she [freed] from him , drew into herself .

The document , released to reporters at a press conference , catalogued the unforeseen ‘ changes of circumstances ’ that could warrant additional price rises .
the document , [freed] to reporters at a press conference , catalogued the unforeseen ‘ changes of circumstances ’ that could warrant additional price rises .

Police released a list of survivors : Henry Wyllie , 20 , Helen Lawrie , 48 , and Paula Gaunt , 28 , were discharged from hospital after treatment ; Dawn Howbridge , 19 , and Martin Baptie , 19 , were said to be satisfactory in hospital .
police [freed] a list of survivors : henry wyllie , 20 , helen lawrie , 48 , and paula gaunt , 28 , were discharged from hospital after treatment ; dawn howbridge , 19 , and martin baptie , 19 , were said to be satisfactory in hospital .

Mr de Klerk 's main criterion , as far as one can tell , in deciding who is released first is to attempt to minimise the chances of mass political gatherings giving way to violence and , the great nightmare , loss of government control .
mr de klerk 's main criterion , as far as one can tell , in deciding who is [freed] first is to attempt to minimise the chances of mass political gatherings giving way to violence and , the great nightmare , loss of government control .

Mr Bakker was released on bail pending his sentencing , on 24 October .
mr bakker was [freed] on bail pending his sentencing , on 24 october .

Xinhua News Agency , China 's unofficial embassy in Hong Kong , yesterday released a statement regetting the government 's decision as ‘ an extremely bad precedent ’ .
xinhua news agency , china 's unofficial embassy in hong kong , yesterday [freed] a statement regetting the government 's decision as ‘ an extremely bad precedent ’ .

Given a relatively lenient sentence of 18 years ( Jiang Qing and others were given suspended death sentences ) , Chen was later released from jail ‘ in consideration of age and poor health ’ .
given a relatively lenient sentence of 18 years ( jiang qing and others were given suspended death sentences ) , chen was later [freed] from jail ‘ in consideration of age and poor health ’ .

He was released when the war ended .
he was [freed] when the war ended .

Inflation in August , the latest month for which figures are available , was 7.3 per cent , and it is forecast to be unchanged when September figures are released next Friday .
inflation in august , the latest month for which figures are available , was 7.3 per cent , and it is forecast to be unchanged when september figures are [freed] next friday .

The base rate rise is also certain to hit sales of new cars , which fell in September for the first time in 18 months , according to new figures released yesterday .
the base rate rise is also certain to hit sales of new cars , which fell in september for the first time in 18 months , according to new figures [freed] yesterday .

the air , laden with volatile compounds , can then either be treated ( activated carbon adsorption or incineration ) or , if allowable , released directly into the atmosphere .
the air , laden with volatile compounds , can then either be treated ( activated carbon adsorption or incineration ) or , if allowable , [freed] directly into the atmosphere .

Drake , who served an unusual rock ‘ n ’ roll apprenticeship at Marlborough and Cambridge University , released three LPs of inspired , if doom-laden , songs before taking his own life in 1974 .
drake , who served an unusual rock ‘ n ’ roll apprenticeship at marlborough and cambridge university , [freed] three lps of inspired , if doom-laden , songs before taking his own life in 1974 .

On this occasion , Richard Baxter was again released on a technicality because his ‘ offence ’ was committed in the city , and only a city judge had the authority to sign the warrant .
on this occasion , richard baxter was again [freed] on a technicality because his ‘ offence ’ was committed in the city , and only a city judge had the authority to sign the warrant .

The poor man spent three months in jail before being released .
the poor man spent three months in jail before being [freed] .

Three civilian volunteers were captured , then quickly released with instructions to inform the Montana settlers of the Nez Perces ' peaceful intentions .
three civilian volunteers were captured , then quickly [freed] with instructions to inform the montana settlers of the nez perces ' peaceful intentions .

He was released in 1900 and lived in Paris and London , where he met Trotsky , but he went to Switzerland where he was contacted by the German government and smuggled back into Russia , in 1917 , to lead the Bolshevik Revolution .
he was [freed] in 1900 and lived in paris and london , where he met trotsky , but he went to switzerland where he was contacted by the german government and smuggled back into russia , in 1917 , to lead the bolshevik revolution .

Skinner released Nina from his protection and set her down in an armchair .
skinner [freed] nina from his protection and set her down in an armchair .

There was a squeal , and she was released .
there was a squeal , and she was [freed] .

The Nina Thing tore at it , but Anne was released .
the nina thing tore at it , but anne was [freed] .

His hands were released , and he dropped them to his lap .
his hands were [freed] , and he dropped them to his lap .

Mr Don Dovaston , assistant chief constable of Derbyshire , issued the two men 's names 24 hours after releasing a photograph and identity of the third man — Joseph Magee , 26 , who lived in Derby with his wife and son for the past year after being released from jail in Northern Ireland .
mr don dovaston , assistant chief constable of derbyshire , issued the two men 's names 24 hours after releasing a photograph and identity of the third man — joseph magee , 26 , who lived in derby with his wife and son for the past year after being [freed] from jail in northern ireland .

Three other people arrested after the shooting have been released without charge .
three other people arrested after the shooting have been [freed] without charge .

Saunders , who was released early , suffering pre-senile dementia , spoke on Wednesday evening at Cranfield School of Management in Beds .
saunders , who was [freed] early , suffering pre-senile dementia , spoke on wednesday evening at cranfield school of management in beds .

Released at last from her dancing , Pamela Dillon was sent to St Margaret 's , Bushey , a school for the orphans of clergymen — an odd choice , for both her parents were anti-clerical .
[freed] at last from her dancing , pamela dillon was sent to st margaret 's , bushey , a school for the orphans of clergymen — an odd choice , for both her parents were anti-clerical .

This intensification of the sheep enterprise has enabled farmers to increase the acreage released in several ways and on average the percentage increase on the farms adopting the new methods has been an increase of 23 % cereals , 21 % sheep and 14 % cattle .
this intensification of the sheep enterprise has enabled farmers to increase the acreage [freed] in several ways and on average the percentage increase on the farms adopting the new methods has been an increase of 23 % cereals , 21 % sheep and 14 % cattle .

Due to afforestation a gradual stream of workers has been released for re-employment and this will continue .
due to afforestation a gradual stream of workers has been [freed] for re-employment and this will continue .

Details released yesterday on the Government 's cash receipts last year underlined the effects of the recession .
details [freed] yesterday on the government 's cash receipts last year underlined the effects of the recession .

In a review of reconviction rates , for example , a Home Office report concluded : ‘ Those given probation orders were therefore less likely to be reconvicted within two years of being given probation than those released from custody ’ ( Home Office , 1986 , p. 5 ) .
in a review of reconviction rates , for example , a home office report concluded : ‘ those given probation orders were therefore less likely to be reconvicted within two years of being given probation than those [freed] from custody ’ ( home office , 1986 , p. 5 ) .

guanidoamino acids synthesised and released by plant cells after infection with a Ti plasmid and used by Agrobacterium tumefaciens as a source of carbon and nitrogen .
guanidoamino acids synthesised and [freed] by plant cells after infection with a ti plasmid and used by agrobacterium tumefaciens as a source of carbon and nitrogen .

Fig 32 With the weight well forward again , the nose is in the water , offering far more resistance to turning than when it was in the air . It is now time for the all-important rig change , so the back hand is released from the boom …
fig 32 with the weight well forward again , the nose is in the water , offering far more resistance to turning than when it was in the air . it is now time for the all-important rig change , so the back hand is [freed] from the boom …

The greater speed enables the rig to be released earlier .
the greater speed enables the rig to be [freed] earlier .

Provided the speed is good it can be released halfway through the turn , relying on the board 's momentum to carry it through .
provided the speed is good it can be [freed] halfway through the turn , relying on the board 's momentum to carry it through .

In the fusion reaction atoms of hydrogen are fused to make helium and , in the process , a huge amount of energy is released .
in the fusion reaction atoms of hydrogen are fused to make helium and , in the process , a huge amount of energy is [freed] .

Having released Gary , Nails was swimming at a phenomenal speed after another victim .
having [freed] gary , nails was swimming at a phenomenal speed after another victim .

Mike Stout , the band 's sound engineer , also ran a small publishing service for bands called Cubic Music and the band released the single through Cubic .
mike stout , the band 's sound engineer , also ran a small publishing service for bands called cubic music and the band [freed] the single through cubic .

Their Peel session , featuring ‘ Felicity ’ , ‘ What Becomes Of The Broken Hearted ’ , ‘ You Should Always Keep In Touch With Your Friends ’ and ‘ This Boy Can Wait ’ was released by Strange Fruit in October 1986 .
their peel session , featuring ‘ felicity ’ , ‘ what becomes of the broken hearted ’ , ‘ you should always keep in touch with your friends ’ and ‘ this boy can wait ’ was [freed] by strange fruit in october 1986 .

By the end of 1987 , they felt they were in a position to become more than just learned advisors , and actually released records on their own Reception Records .
by the end of 1987 , they felt they were in a position to become more than just learned advisors , and actually [freed] records on their own reception records .

The Wedding Present consolidated their reputation as a fine live band during 1988 but released a dearth of new material .
the wedding present consolidated their reputation as a fine live band during 1988 but [freed] a dearth of new material .

The few songs that The Wedding Present released in 1988 made their way into the various end of year charts .
the few songs that the wedding present [freed] in 1988 made their way into the various end of year charts .

The records released featuring the partnership had a high degree of consistency , and the band felt comfortable with the familiarity of Allison .
the records [freed] featuring the partnership had a high degree of consistency , and the band felt comfortable with the familiarity of allison .

In a band 's career , two records are more important that any others ; the first ever released and the first on a major label .
in a band 's career , two records are more important that any others ; the first ever [freed] and the first on a major label .

Gedge was 25 when their first single was released .
gedge was 25 when their first single was [freed] .

Jodie Foster , fresh from her triumphs in The Accused ( released on video last month ) , is the only reason to bother , as with Five Corners ( 15 Pathe 13 Oct ) , where she is almost raped again and is carted about , unconscious , by a psychopath .
jodie foster , fresh from her triumphs in the accused ( [freed] on video last month ) , is the only reason to bother , as with five corners ( 15 pathe 13 oct ) , where she is almost raped again and is carted about , unconscious , by a psychopath .

Brigadier-General Tin Oo was unexpectedly released from Insein jail last week , after nearly seven years .
brigadier-general tin oo was unexpectedly [freed] from insein jail last week , after nearly seven years .

Many people are taken away hooded and chained and are interrogated for several days before being released .
many people are taken away hooded and chained and are interrogated for several days before being [freed] .

Then the examining magistrate changed his mind , released Mr Laroche and charged Mrs Villemin with killing her own son .
then the examining magistrate changed his mind , [freed] mr laroche and charged mrs villemin with killing her own son .

Also in Dresden , police yesterday released 500 protesters held after the past week 's unrest .
also in dresden , police yesterday [freed] 500 protesters held after the past week 's unrest .

In a politically bold move whose timing was widely interpreted as a favour to Margaret Thatcher with a week to go to the Commonwealth summit in Kuala Lumpur , Mr de Klerk said that the prisoners would be released as soon as prison formalities were dealt with .
in a politically bold move whose timing was widely interpreted as a favour to margaret thatcher with a week to go to the commonwealth summit in kuala lumpur , mr de klerk said that the prisoners would be [freed] as soon as prison formalities were dealt with .

Five of the eight prisoners due to be released were convicted of terrorism and sentenced for life in the famous Rivonia Trial of 1964 .
five of the eight prisoners due to be [freed] were convicted of terrorism and sentenced for life in the famous rivonia trial of 1964 .

Kurdish detainees at Harmondsworth were released after last week 's fire , which also left one man seriously injured .
kurdish detainees at harmondsworth were [freed] after last week 's fire , which also left one man seriously injured .

Yesterday the Torbay coroner said 14 out of 32 suicides this year had recently been released from the unit , which he has criticised on several occasions since it replaced more secure psychiatric hospitals that have been closed by the area health authority .
yesterday the torbay coroner said 14 out of 32 suicides this year had recently been [freed] from the unit , which he has criticised on several occasions since it replaced more secure psychiatric hospitals that have been closed by the area health authority .

Ten days ago police released drawings of two male suspects .
ten days ago police [freed] drawings of two male suspects .

That suggests the Bank has spent $ 3bn- $ 4bn of its foreign exchange and gold reserves , worth $ 42bn when the latest official figures were released last Tuesday , since the £2bn current account deficit for August was disclosed on 26 September .
that suggests the bank has spent $ 3bn- $ 4bn of its foreign exchange and gold reserves , worth $ 42bn when the latest official figures were [freed] last tuesday , since the £2bn current account deficit for august was disclosed on 26 september .

The Bank supported the pound the day the trade figures were released and its support grew through that week , culminating in heavy intervention on Thursday and Friday .
the bank supported the pound the day the trade figures were [freed] and its support grew through that week , culminating in heavy intervention on thursday and friday .

After a four-and-a-half-month trial and several appeals , four of the 16 accused were released .
after a four-and-a-half-month trial and several appeals , four of the 16 accused were [freed] .

The 15 were later released .
the 15 were later [freed] .

In every detail , the proposals are exactly those made by the African National Congress in a document released in August in which they list the conditions necessary to create the climate for negotiations .
in every detail , the proposals are exactly those made by the african national congress in a document [freed] in august in which they list the conditions necessary to create the climate for negotiations .

Zwelakhe Sisulu , who was released last December after two years of detention without trial , must report to the police every day and be indoors after 6pm .
zwelakhe sisulu , who was [freed] last december after two years of detention without trial , must report to the police every day and be indoors after 6pm .

Mr Ahtisaari said that only 315 people were then found to be unaccounted for , because the mission 's list contained duplications , vague identifications , names of people who have been released and repatriated , names of people never detained and some who have been reported dead .
mr ahtisaari said that only 315 people were then found to be unaccounted for , because the mission 's list contained duplications , vague identifications , names of people who have been [freed] and repatriated , names of people never detained and some who have been reported dead .

Critics argue that if the probe should explode on lift-off or veer off course and re-enter Earth 's atmosphere , the batteries could be pulverised , dispersing 260,000 curies of radioactive waste — more than half as much as has been released in all nuclear tests .
critics argue that if the probe should explode on lift-off or veer off course and re-enter earth 's atmosphere , the batteries could be pulverised , dispersing 260,000 curies of radioactive waste — more than half as much as has been [freed] in all nuclear tests .

‘ Our results show that just as much effluent can be released from big bales as from clamps and the fines for polluting waterways are just as severe .
‘ our results show that just as much effluent can be [freed] from big bales as from clamps and the fines for polluting waterways are just as severe .

The Scientific Farming Machinery Co appears to have been somewhat vague about the precise nature of the chemical reaction which produced such a bountiful supply of plant nutrients , and they were also reticent about the amount and composition of the nutrients released .
the scientific farming machinery co appears to have been somewhat vague about the precise nature of the chemical reaction which produced such a bountiful supply of plant nutrients , and they were also reticent about the amount and composition of the nutrients [freed] .

The monotonous motion of his arm released his mind to think about the discovery in the shed .
the monotonous motion of his arm [freed] his mind to think about the discovery in the shed .

British viewers already have one answer available to them : the first episode has been released here on video by Warners , with a strange , abrupt ending tacked on to offer one solution to the mystery .
british viewers already have one answer available to them : the first episode has been [freed] here on video by warners , with a strange , abrupt ending tacked on to offer one solution to the mystery .

90 million tonnes of poisonous sulphur dioxide ( acid rain ) are released into the air every year
90 million tonnes of poisonous sulphur dioxide ( acid rain ) are [freed] into the air every year

‘ For example , if you start placing human growth hormones into salmon , and they are released into the environment and start overproducing , they could become a real problem to the stability of the environment .
‘ for example , if you start placing human growth hormones into salmon , and they are [freed] into the environment and start overproducing , they could become a real problem to the stability of the environment .

The Krays was the centre of some controversy when it was released earlier on this year , partly because the brothers were rumoured to have made a profit from it .
the krays was the centre of some controversy when it was [freed] earlier on this year , partly because the brothers were rumoured to have made a profit from it .

Not designed to last , they get made , released , then replaced by a new gimmick a year later .
not designed to last , they get made , [freed] , then replaced by a new gimmick a year later .

As soon as she released the stick , he shot off , following its long , curving flight out on to the sandbanks .
as soon as she [freed] the stick , he shot off , following its long , curving flight out on to the sandbanks .

The mud released it , but without his trainer .
the mud [freed] it , but without his trainer .

If Rosie was released from her collar and chain , she would charge through the house and grounds like a homicidal maniac in search of something to destroy .
if rosie was [freed] from her collar and chain , she would charge through the house and grounds like a homicidal maniac in search of something to destroy .

Sweetheart smiled and released Frankie into the care of the other man , who gripped him by the shoulder and looked terribly stern .
sweetheart smiled and [freed] frankie into the care of the other man , who gripped him by the shoulder and looked terribly stern .

Released at last , the boy scuttled crab-wise across the room , his injured hand hugged to his chest as a double row of livid bruises began to form on his skin .
[freed] at last , the boy scuttled crab-wise across the room , his injured hand hugged to his chest as a double row of livid bruises began to form on his skin .

The instant she released him , he turned on his heels and fled .
the instant she [freed] him , he turned on his heels and fled .

This story completes the reversal of earlier , religious attitudes : death has not released the children , enabling them to take their places in a happier realm above ; instead it has allowed them to linger here below , continuing to savour the known joys of the here-and-now .
this story completes the reversal of earlier , religious attitudes : death has not [freed] the children , enabling them to take their places in a happier realm above ; instead it has allowed them to linger here below , continuing to savour the known joys of the here-and-now .

Thus tree rings are differentiated by the types , density and size of cell laid down at different times of the year ; varves by the gradation in particle size resulting from sedimentation of debris released into rivers and carried to lakes by the annual melt of glaciers ; and ice core layers by differences in dust content and acidity .
thus tree rings are differentiated by the types , density and size of cell laid down at different times of the year ; varves by the gradation in particle size resulting from sedimentation of debris [freed] into rivers and carried to lakes by the annual melt of glaciers ; and ice core layers by differences in dust content and acidity .

He released Patrick 's hand and stood up .
he [freed] patrick 's hand and stood up .

Packaging , description and colour are critical because if an acid is mixed with other products , particularly common bleach or ammonium hydroxide based formulations , dangerous fumes are released .
packaging , description and colour are critical because if an acid is mixed with other products , particularly common bleach or ammonium hydroxide based formulations , dangerous fumes are [freed] .

And when her tears mixed with the salty tears that fell down the great beast 's cheek , the spell was released , and he stood before her , a golden-haired young man in hunting-costume .
and when her tears mixed with the salty tears that fell down the great beast 's cheek , the spell was [freed] , and he stood before her , a golden-haired young man in hunting-costume .

She was better satisfied with their trip to a beauty parlour , where Martha 's hair was released from its braids , anointed with a number of glutinous white creams , cut to the level of her shoulders and wound upon enormous wire rollers .
she was better satisfied with their trip to a beauty parlour , where martha 's hair was [freed] from its braids , anointed with a number of glutinous white creams , cut to the level of her shoulders and wound upon enormous wire rollers .

His jaw ached and he realised that he was grinding his teeth , so he released the muscles and tried to relax .
his jaw ached and he realised that he was grinding his teeth , so he [freed] the muscles and tried to relax .

At the time , though , the Nicholson legend was slow to take off , especially in comparison to that of his chum Warren Beatty , who became a Hollywood name even before his first picture was released .
at the time , though , the nicholson legend was slow to take off , especially in comparison to that of his chum warren beatty , who became a hollywood name even before his first picture was [freed] .

Warner Brothers producer Joshua Logan and author Thomas Heggen wrote the play for the sequel , entitled Ensign Pulver ( released in 1964 ) .
warner brothers producer joshua logan and author thomas heggen wrote the play for the sequel , entitled ensign pulver ( [freed] in 1964 ) .

It was a time for reflection in 1964 , when the film was released .
it was a time for reflection in 1964 , when the film was [freed] .

Everyone was making bike movies after Roger Corman 's runaway success with The Wild Angels , starring Peter Fonda , Nancy Sinatra , Bruce Dern and Diane Ladd , released in 1966 .
everyone was making bike movies after roger corman 's runaway success with the wild angels , starring peter fonda , nancy sinatra , bruce dern and diane ladd , [freed] in 1966 .

Yet , when Nicholson crossed the street to the legitimacy of a major studio , 2Oth Century-Fox , to join an all-star cast for The St Valentine 's Day Massacre , to be released in l967 , he had only a minuscule role , which had one speaking line consisting of twelve words , courtesy of Roger Corman who , for once , had landed a big-budget contract with a major studio and wanted Jack to share his momentary joy of being able to spend it .
yet , when nicholson crossed the street to the legitimacy of a major studio , 2oth century-fox , to join an all-star cast for the st valentine 's day massacre , to be [freed] in l967 , he had only a minuscule role , which had one speaking line consisting of twelve words , courtesy of roger corman who , for once , had landed a big-budget contract with a major studio and wanted jack to share his momentary joy of being able to spend it .

What the murders did reflect in an odd way was the convulsing extremism — at both ends of a polarized spectrum — that existed between right and left , counter-culture and establishment , in 1969 , when Easy Rider was released .
what the murders did reflect in an odd way was the convulsing extremism — at both ends of a polarized spectrum — that existed between right and left , counter-culture and establishment , in 1969 , when easy rider was [freed] .

They were quite different in perspective to the followers and reaction of the more conventional actors like Newman and Redford , as the romantic anti-heroes of Butch Cassidy and The Sundance Kid , also released in 1969 and which turned Redford into what was termed as a ‘ bona fide ’ box-office star .
they were quite different in perspective to the followers and reaction of the more conventional actors like newman and redford , as the romantic anti-heroes of butch cassidy and the sundance kid , also [freed] in 1969 and which turned redford into what was termed as a ‘ bona fide ’ box-office star .

Lachlan released him , and sank on the edge of the bed .
lachlan [freed] him , and sank on the edge of the bed .

They were later released pending reports to the youth and community service .
they were later [freed] pending reports to the youth and community service .

Mark Feltham and Tony Murphy , who both took 35 wickets last year , though Feltham 's came at 28 and Murphy 's at 48 , are the back-up seamers , with Andrew Robson and Nick Peters having been released .
mark feltham and tony murphy , who both took 35 wickets last year , though feltham 's came at 28 and murphy 's at 48 , are the back-up seamers , with andrew robson and nick peters having been [freed] .

Bruce was still lost in the red mists of temper seven minutes later when Simpson , City 's impressive recruit from Swindon , released White with a splendid pass — and Bruce tracked him almost to the deadball line before scything him down .
bruce was still lost in the red mists of temper seven minutes later when simpson , city 's impressive recruit from swindon , [freed] white with a splendid pass — and bruce tracked him almost to the deadball line before scything him down .

Norwich pushed forward in search of an equaliser only to concede the classic breakaway goal after Rocastle had driven forward from midfield and released the perfect ball which enabled Wright to draw Walton before netting .
norwich pushed forward in search of an equaliser only to concede the classic breakaway goal after rocastle had driven forward from midfield and [freed] the perfect ball which enabled wright to draw walton before netting .

Then one officer drove his car with headlights flashing at the dogs who released Mr Daszczuk and the two animals were eventually shot dead by police from an armed response vehicle .
then one officer drove his car with headlights flashing at the dogs who [freed] mr daszczuk and the two animals were eventually shot dead by police from an armed response vehicle .

Their owner was arrested but released without charge on police bail .
their owner was arrested but [freed] without charge on police bail .

Executive directors are also in line to pick up share option gains totalling £1.4m from schemes operated before SmithKline and Beecham merged three years ago , according to details in the company 's report and accounts , released yesterday .
executive directors are also in line to pick up share option gains totalling £1.4m from schemes operated before smithkline and beecham merged three years ago , according to details in the company 's report and accounts , [freed] yesterday .

There have been three Springsteen records released recently — two by the Boss and one by John Cougar Mellencamp .
there have been three springsteen records [freed] recently — two by the boss and one by john cougar mellencamp .

Fondlers of fresh hops will be acquainted with the sticky oils and resins released from the lipulin glands on hand rubbing .
fondlers of fresh hops will be acquainted with the sticky oils and resins [freed] from the lipulin glands on hand rubbing .

During normal brewing with leaf hops these flavours are released rapidly into the hot wort and are often appreciated in the vicinity of the brewery during boiling .
during normal brewing with leaf hops these flavours are [freed] rapidly into the hot wort and are often appreciated in the vicinity of the brewery during boiling .

The saw is fitted with a quick-stop blade system , and as soon as the trigger is released , the blade stops almost instantaneously ; a good safety feature .
the saw is fitted with a quick-stop blade system , and as soon as the trigger is [freed] , the blade stops almost instantaneously ; a good safety feature .

The Government has published its review of the National Health Service and has subsequently released 8 working papers .
the government has published its review of the national health service and has subsequently [freed] 8 working papers .

The report just released by the Royal College of Physicians on Care of Elderly People shows just how far there is to go in improving services for mentally ill elderly people and their carers .
the report just [freed] by the royal college of physicians on care of elderly people shows just how far there is to go in improving services for mentally ill elderly people and their carers .

Yesterday sterling enjoyed its first quiet day since the trade figures were released a week ago .
yesterday sterling enjoyed its first quiet day since the trade figures were [freed] a week ago .

After half an hour in each case , the mother was released to join her infant and the accompanying male .
after half an hour in each case , the mother was [freed] to join her infant and the accompanying male .

Ricardo Weibel was seized and brought to the base for 12 days of rough treatment , before being released and sent home .
ricardo weibel was seized and brought to the base for 12 days of rough treatment , before being [freed] and sent home .

Brazil , who had drawn a stormy match 1-1 in Santiago in mid-August , were leading 2-0 in Rio in September when a woman fan released the flare which landed near Rojas but plainly did not hit him .
brazil , who had drawn a stormy match 1-1 in santiago in mid-august , were leading 2-0 in rio in september when a woman fan [freed] the flare which landed near rojas but plainly did not hit him .

Two , who were most seriously ill with vomiting and other symptoms , were released after a week .
two , who were most seriously ill with vomiting and other symptoms , were [freed] after a week .

There are concerns that , once released , GEMs might exhibit some previously unknown pathogenicity , might take over from some naturally occurring bacteria or pass on some perhaps unwanted trait to indigenous bacteria .
there are concerns that , once [freed] , gems might exhibit some previously unknown pathogenicity , might take over from some naturally occurring bacteria or pass on some perhaps unwanted trait to indigenous bacteria .

Many other defendents were released for ‘ lack of proof ’ .
many other defendents were [freed] for ‘ lack of proof ’ .

On the day his result was announced , he was released after five years of detention without trial , still defiantly declaring his faith in the Sikh cause .
on the day his result was announced , he was [freed] after five years of detention without trial , still defiantly declaring his faith in the sikh cause .

He was released in 1960 and rehabilitated three years later .
he was [freed] in 1960 and rehabilitated three years later .

The New York City Bar Association claimed in a report released yesterday that torture has been commonly used in Turkish police stations and that the Turkish legal system has failed to respond to it .
the new york city bar association claimed in a report [freed] yesterday that torture has been commonly used in turkish police stations and that the turkish legal system has failed to respond to it .

The Government will publish its response when the report is released .
the government will publish its response when the report is [freed] .

She was released on bail and driven to her Park Avenue flat .
she was [freed] on bail and driven to her park avenue flat .

He said 18 parliamentary questions he had put down remained unanswered , after the Prime Minister claimed that all the financial details of the car company 's sale to British Aerospace had been released .
he said 18 parliamentary questions he had put down remained unanswered , after the prime minister claimed that all the financial details of the car company 's sale to british aerospace had been [freed] .

On the day his result was announced , he was released after five years of detention without trial , still defiantly declaring his faith in the Sikh cause .
on the day his result was announced , he was [freed] after five years of detention without trial , still defiantly declaring his faith in the sikh cause .

All five spectators taken to Middlesbrough General Hospital were released yesterday , one with a broken leg .
all five spectators taken to middlesbrough general hospital were [freed] yesterday , one with a broken leg .

Had they followed the example of Aled Williams , who scored a scintillating try around the Neath cover , the game might have released itself from the siege strangehold .
had they followed the example of aled williams , who scored a scintillating try around the neath cover , the game might have [freed] itself from the siege strangehold .

Cat Johnson , the Leicester player-coach , has injured an ankle , Dave Harris is out with a recurring leg injury , and Pat Morrison was released last week .
cat johnson , the leicester player-coach , has injured an ankle , dave harris is out with a recurring leg injury , and pat morrison was [freed] last week .

Once the tide had fallen sufficiently , the pent-up waters could be released to power the mill .
once the tide had fallen sufficiently , the pent-up waters could be [freed] to power the mill .

‘ Where 's Mr Lennox ? ’ Maggie asked when Susan had released her .
‘ where 's mr lennox ? ’ maggie asked when susan had [freed] her .

At that time nearly 300 prisoners had been released by the mobs .
at that time nearly 300 prisoners had been [freed] by the mobs .

After questioning the messenger boy for some three hours , Berret and Harris released him .
after questioning the messenger boy for some three hours , berret and harris [freed] him .

He also was quickly released , but he informed on two other well-known villains , MacDonald and Collins .
he also was quickly [freed] , but he informed on two other well-known villains , macdonald and collins .

After four years John was released .
after four years john was [freed] .

Another theory is that some is juvenile water , released from molten rock deep within the Earth 's crust , often during volcanic eruptions .
another theory is that some is juvenile water , [freed] from molten rock deep within the earth 's crust , often during volcanic eruptions .

The long residence time even means that short-lived radioactive substances , such as those released by the Chernobyl accident , will be largely harmless by the time they emerge from an aquifer .
the long residence time even means that short-lived radioactive substances , such as those [freed] by the chernobyl accident , will be largely harmless by the time they emerge from an aquifer .

The infuriated Milan Cardinal told the city governor that both the Chief of Police and the governor would be excommunicated if Landriani was not immediately released back to the convent .
the infuriated milan cardinal told the city governor that both the chief of police and the governor would be excommunicated if landriani was not immediately [freed] back to the convent .

They were placed in mental handicap hospitals because they were suffering from a temporary mental illness , or because of ‘ moral incompetence ’ and never released .
they were placed in mental handicap hospitals because they were suffering from a temporary mental illness , or because of ‘ moral incompetence ’ and never [freed] .

To add to the general gothic touch , the now released pigeons fly around depositing their droppings on the dead body .
to add to the general gothic touch , the now [freed] pigeons fly around depositing their droppings on the dead body .

Fortunately , his work with the Dutch resistance , though relatively unimportant , was enough to prove his loyalty and he was released .
fortunately , his work with the dutch resistance , though relatively unimportant , was enough to prove his loyalty and he was [freed] .

Shultz and Weinberger opposed Poindexter 's plan , pointing out that it undermined America 's much-stated policy , usually made in conjunction with Mrs Thatcher , that no deals must be made with terrorists and that there could be no question of bargaining to get hostages released since this would inevitably lead to more abductions .
shultz and weinberger opposed poindexter 's plan , pointing out that it undermined america 's much-stated policy , usually made in conjunction with mrs thatcher , that no deals must be made with terrorists and that there could be no question of bargaining to get hostages [freed] since this would inevitably lead to more abductions .

On 26 July 1986 Father Lawrence Jenco was released after being held hostage for 18 months .
on 26 july 1986 father lawrence jenco was [freed] after being held hostage for 18 months .

In Iran Rafsanjani had come under strong attack from Khomeini supporters who accused him of siding with America by accepting arms from the Great Satan and helping to get some of their hostages released .
in iran rafsanjani had come under strong attack from khomeini supporters who accused him of siding with america by accepting arms from the great satan and helping to get some of their hostages [freed] .

During the same period both countries had done deals with Iran and paid ransoms to terrorist groups to get their hostages released and had been strongly criticised by Mrs Thatcher and President Reagan for breaking Western unity .
during the same period both countries had done deals with iran and paid ransoms to terrorist groups to get their hostages [freed] and had been strongly criticised by mrs thatcher and president reagan for breaking western unity .

Surprisingly little drink was enough to intoxicate him but it seemed as if the wine released the power in him .
surprisingly little drink was enough to intoxicate him but it seemed as if the wine [freed] the power in him .

Morton released her and wandered back to the window .
morton [freed] her and wandered back to the window .

Morton released his hold , and put his arm round Rivington 's shoulders .
morton [freed] his hold , and put his arm round rivington 's shoulders .

The lecture theatre resonates like a drum with the chatter of a hundred-odd students , all talking at once , as if they have just been released from solitary confinement .
the lecture theatre resonates like a drum with the chatter of a hundred-odd students , all talking at once , as if they have just been [freed] from solitary confinement .

Harmful quantities of radiation are also released both before and after the uranium fuel enters the power station .
harmful quantities of radiation are also [freed] both before and after the uranium fuel enters the power station .

Radiation is released during the handling and treatment of radioactive materials and as they are transported to and from nuclear sites .
radiation is [freed] during the handling and treatment of radioactive materials and as they are transported to and from nuclear sites .

Caesium 137 , for example , which was released by the Chernobyl explosion , emits both gamma and beta rays and concentrates in muscles and the reproductive organs .
caesium 137 , for example , which was [freed] by the chernobyl explosion , emits both gamma and beta rays and concentrates in muscles and the reproductive organs .

In just five years , between 1970 and 1975 , the amount released from the pipelines of one single radionuclide , caesium , had risen from 31,170 curies to 141,377 .
in just five years , between 1970 and 1975 , the amount [freed] from the pipelines of one single radionuclide , caesium , had risen from 31,170 curies to 141,377 .

The total radioactivity released in 1975 was the highest ever — 250,000 curies .
the total radioactivity [freed] in 1975 was the highest ever — 250,000 curies .

What had happened , it later emerged , was that British Nuclear Fuels had accidentally released a quantity of a contaminated solvent called Purex into the sea before it had been properly treated .
what had happened , it later emerged , was that british nuclear fuels had accidentally [freed] a quantity of a contaminated solvent called purex into the sea before it had been properly treated .

Outside , radioactive iodine was regularly released into the atmosphere over the following month .
outside , radioactive iodine was regularly [freed] into the atmosphere over the following month .

Although relatively small amounts of radioactivity were released into the atmosphere , this event was nonetheless critical in focusing the minds of local people on the unthinkable .
although relatively small amounts of radioactivity were [freed] into the atmosphere , this event was nonetheless critical in focusing the minds of local people on the unthinkable .

The tremendous emotional energies released when men break their bonds with the village , the kin group and the family are all available for a new focus on politics .
the tremendous emotional energies [freed] when men break their bonds with the village , the kin group and the family are all available for a new focus on politics .

The trout were then released , secretly , and left to grow to great size .
the trout were then [freed] , secretly , and left to grow to great size .

Some of the Scourie trout , released into small lochs as tiny fish , have grown to enormous size and are known affectionately by name : Ethel , stocked by Stan Tuer when she was a modest girl of five inches , now estimated to weigh at least 5lb ; Arthur , estimated to weigh 6lb .
some of the scourie trout , [freed] into small lochs as tiny fish , have grown to enormous size and are known affectionately by name : ethel , stocked by stan tuer when she was a modest girl of five inches , now estimated to weigh at least 5lb ; arthur , estimated to weigh 6lb .

Given constant fishing pressure , measures were needed to maintain stocks of fish ; and the association established a hatchery where trout of native stock are carefully reared to fingerling stage and then released into the loch .
given constant fishing pressure , measures were needed to maintain stocks of fish ; and the association established a hatchery where trout of native stock are carefully reared to fingerling stage and then [freed] into the loch .

Throughout her ordeal , Flora 's spirit and character endeared her to everyone who met her until she was released under the Act of Indemnity in 1747 .
throughout her ordeal , flora 's spirit and character endeared her to everyone who met her until she was [freed] under the act of indemnity in 1747 .

She was then released on police bail .
she was then [freed] on police bail .

After twenty-four hours , the presumption was that the detainee had to be released : it was only if the offence ‘ appeared to be a serious one that police bail could be postponed .
after twenty-four hours , the presumption was that the detainee had to be [freed] : it was only if the offence ‘ appeared to be a serious one that police bail could be postponed .

If there is not the evidence , ‘ the person arrested shall be released ’ .
if there is not the evidence , ‘ the person arrested shall be [freed] ’ .

His 17 year-old brother who was not a miner was also sent to prison after the police claimed that he would ‘ support his brother ’ if released .
his 17 year-old brother who was not a miner was also sent to prison after the police claimed that he would ‘ support his brother ’ if [freed] .

Annual ‘ drifts ’ were held , when cattle were rounded up , and excessive numbers were impounded and released only on payment of a fine .
annual ‘ drifts ’ were held , when cattle were rounded up , and excessive numbers were impounded and [freed] only on payment of a fine .

The farmers affected broke up the new flood-banks , and after being arrested initially , were released on the grounds that the enclosure commissioners had exceeded their powers in constructing the drainage works .
the farmers affected broke up the new flood-banks , and after being arrested initially , were [freed] on the grounds that the enclosure commissioners had exceeded their powers in constructing the drainage works .

As a result of the increasing acidity , certain acidophilic soil bacteria are then released , which promote further acidification .
as a result of the increasing acidity , certain acidophilic soil bacteria are then [freed] , which promote further acidification .

In the first phase , the gas pressure on the magma was released by the mildly-explosive Strombolian activity .
in the first phase , the gas pressure on the magma was [freed] by the mildly-explosive strombolian activity .

’ Once away from the gym and the deadening influence of the Butcher we felt released and began to caper along the corridor to the next lesson .
’ once away from the gym and the deadening influence of the butcher we felt [freed] and began to caper along the corridor to the next lesson .

Her hat lay beside her and she found that her piled-up fair hair had been released and had fallen about her face .
her hat lay beside her and she found that her piled-up fair hair had been [freed] and had fallen about her face .

As it went down it tripped two levers or weighbridges which by means of linkwork connections released a gate at the top of the wheel so as to let it move on by just one scoop .
as it went down it tripped two levers or weighbridges which by means of linkwork connections [freed] a gate at the top of the wheel so as to let it move on by just one scoop .

On the Broadwater Farm Estate virtually every black male under 30 was interrogated — over 350 people were arrested although most were released without charge .
on the broadwater farm estate virtually every black male under 30 was interrogated — over 350 people were arrested although most were [freed] without charge .

During ovulation , the ripe egg is released from the ovarian follicle which contained it .
during ovulation , the ripe egg is [freed] from the ovarian follicle which contained it .

They have also shown that 60 per cent of the energy released from fossil fuels is wasted .
they have also shown that 60 per cent of the energy [freed] from fossil fuels is wasted .

Then the rock between the boreholes is fractured by high pressure water jets and the heat released , gathered by a circulating stream of water .
then the rock between the boreholes is fractured by high pressure water jets and the heat [freed] , gathered by a circulating stream of water .

This makes sense when you consider the stored bank of CFCs in products that have not yet been released in the atmosphere .
this makes sense when you consider the stored bank of cfcs in products that have not yet been [freed] in the atmosphere .

Vehicles emit a wide range of chemical substances , many of them harmless , but three of which are dangerous pollutants released in sufficient amounts to affect human health and have serious implications on the environment .
vehicles emit a wide range of chemical substances , many of them harmless , but three of which are dangerous pollutants [freed] in sufficient amounts to affect human health and have serious implications on the environment .

The ships are often without ‘ scrubbers ’ , the intricate systems which filter toxic fumes before they are released into the atmosphere .
the ships are often without ‘ scrubbers ’ , the intricate systems which filter toxic fumes before they are [freed] into the atmosphere .

Although irradiation does destroy all bacteria , it is not certain whether or not it removes the toxins that such bacteria may have released into the food , which could , after all , be the cause of food poisoning .
although irradiation does destroy all bacteria , it is not certain whether or not it removes the toxins that such bacteria may have [freed] into the food , which could , after all , be the cause of food poisoning .

In male sterilisation , or vasectomy , the tubes ( the vas deferens ) through which sperm travel from the testes to the penis , are cut or blocked so that sperm can no longer enter the ejaculate ( the fluid released when a man reaches climax ) .
in male sterilisation , or vasectomy , the tubes ( the vas deferens ) through which sperm travel from the testes to the penis , are cut or blocked so that sperm can no longer enter the ejaculate ( the fluid [freed] when a man reaches climax ) .

As her anger was released , she became less agoraphobic .
as her anger was [freed] , she became less agoraphobic .

Inside the shrine the bells start ringing , rhythmically clanging as they swing up and down , round in an arc as the cord is pulled and released .
inside the shrine the bells start ringing , rhythmically clanging as they swing up and down , round in an arc as the cord is pulled and [freed] .

Then he released the headless cockerel .
then he [freed] the headless cockerel .

They had so few experienced seamen on board that an English prisoner was released from his chains to take the helm of one vessel during what was said to be the worst storm for 20 years .
they had so few experienced seamen on board that an english prisoner was [freed] from his chains to take the helm of one vessel during what was said to be the worst storm for 20 years .

Here he learned from one of the officers captured in the High Bridge action and since released that Prince Charles was preparing to block the passage of the royal army at the Corrieyairack Pass , through which it would have to pass to reach Fort Augustus .
here he learned from one of the officers captured in the high bridge action and since [freed] that prince charles was preparing to block the passage of the royal army at the corrieyairack pass , through which it would have to pass to reach fort augustus .

The British government placed most of its faith in dealing with a second invasion on the navy , under the overall command of Rear Admiral George Anson [ later Admiral Lord Anson ] , who reinforced the home fleet by 17 major warships , brought back from the Mediterranean or released from convoying duties .
the british government placed most of its faith in dealing with a second invasion on the navy , under the overall command of rear admiral george anson [ later admiral lord anson ] , who reinforced the home fleet by 17 major warships , brought back from the mediterranean or [freed] from convoying duties .

Nearly 1300 prisoners were ultimately released .
nearly 1300 prisoners were ultimately [freed] .

The Ranger got safely out to sea , with three prisoners aboard , some others who had been taken having been released , and by 6 am was making course for Kirkcudbright Bay in the Solway Firth .
the ranger got safely out to sea , with three prisoners aboard , some others who had been taken having been [freed] , and by 6 am was making course for kirkcudbright bay in the solway firth .

On 31 July , the Home Office published a White Paper listing headings under which internees could be released .
on 31 july , the home office published a white paper listing headings under which internees could be [freed] .

When Hannah declared her ambition to be a teacher , Bloomsbury House replied that it was doubtful ‘ if she could be released from essential work to take up full-time study ’ .
when hannah declared her ambition to be a teacher , bloomsbury house replied that it was doubtful ‘ if she could be [freed] from essential work to take up full-time study ’ .

In general the larger libraries engage in more structured training and much more training as a whole , than small libraries , and perhaps their domination in this field has tended to obscure the problems faced by smaller authorities who never could — or increasingly , no longer can-base their training programmes on the assumption that staff can easily , or frequently be released from their normal workplace :
in general the larger libraries engage in more structured training and much more training as a whole , than small libraries , and perhaps their domination in this field has tended to obscure the problems faced by smaller authorities who never could — or increasingly , no longer can-base their training programmes on the assumption that staff can easily , or frequently be [freed] from their normal workplace :

‘ Higher staffing levels to enable staff to be released from duties more often ’ … ‘ Would like to develop training areas which would help offset the problems of lack of mobility of staff … regretfully none of our posts are supernumerary and hence the problems of removing staff from their work to attend training is a real difficulty ’ … ‘ Adequate resources would have to include extra staff , as this shortage contributes a great deal to our lack of staff training , i.e. the staff we have are all needed to run the service ’ … ‘ Increasingly more training is having to be organised internally , which brings us up against the major constraints of staff time ’ … ‘ Staffing is now so minimal that it is difficult to second staff on a regular basis for internal training ’ … ‘ Our staffing levels constrain the time off which can be allowed ’ … ‘ Staffing inadequate to permit sufficient time away from the job ’ .
‘ higher staffing levels to enable staff to be [freed] from duties more often ’ … ‘ would like to develop training areas which would help offset the problems of lack of mobility of staff … regretfully none of our posts are supernumerary and hence the problems of removing staff from their work to attend training is a real difficulty ’ … ‘ adequate resources would have to include extra staff , as this shortage contributes a great deal to our lack of staff training , i.e. the staff we have are all needed to run the service ’ … ‘ increasingly more training is having to be organised internally , which brings us up against the major constraints of staff time ’ … ‘ staffing is now so minimal that it is difficult to second staff on a regular basis for internal training ’ … ‘ our staffing levels constrain the time off which can be allowed ’ … ‘ staffing inadequate to permit sufficient time away from the job ’ .

The way in which Germanisation was carried out gave to the newly released serfs , the put-upon peasantry , the tiny Polish middle class which felt itself to be discriminated against , and the ambitious and inflexible Polish nobility a rallying point — probably their only rallying point .
the way in which germanisation was carried out gave to the newly [freed] serfs , the put-upon peasantry , the tiny polish middle class which felt itself to be discriminated against , and the ambitious and inflexible polish nobility a rallying point — probably their only rallying point .

The bulk of the Prussian peasants were released from service in the years 1811–50 .
the bulk of the prussian peasants were [freed] from service in the years 1811–50 .

The Pomeranian Junkers began to complain that the end of serfdom had released the peasants they held in moneyless bondage to wander where they would .
the pomeranian junkers began to complain that the end of serfdom had [freed] the peasants they held in moneyless bondage to wander where they would .

For the Kaszubes released from the land anchor of serfdom or property at the end of the nineteenth century , the natural focus of population drift was neither Berlin nor Warsaw , but Danzig .
for the kaszubes [freed] from the land anchor of serfdom or property at the end of the nineteenth century , the natural focus of population drift was neither berlin nor warsaw , but danzig .

On 11 November 1938 ( the twentieth anniversary of Armistice Day and therefore a very sensitive date on the German calendar ) the Poles released a set of 15 groszy stamps .
on 11 november 1938 ( the twentieth anniversary of armistice day and therefore a very sensitive date on the german calendar ) the poles [freed] a set of 15 groszy stamps .

The dog released his grip . The young woman cried : ‘ Has he hurt you ? Has he torn your sleeve ? ’
the dog [freed] his grip . the young woman cried : ‘ has he hurt you ? has he torn your sleeve ? ’

The dog released her and moved back , a low growl rumbling in its throat .
the dog [freed] her and moved back , a low growl rumbling in its throat .

When rabbits were first released in this country they were freed into man-made warrens — artificial holes covered over with a pyramid of cordwood which in turn was covered with faggots .
when rabbits were first [freed] in this country they were freed into man-made warrens — artificial holes covered over with a pyramid of cordwood which in turn was covered with faggots .

It is a free agent once released into a burrow and is free to go wherever it feels inclined .
it is a free agent once [freed] into a burrow and is free to go wherever it feels inclined .

So loose ferrets are released into the burrow system , one being introduced , if numbers permit , into each major entrance .
so loose ferrets are [freed] into the burrow system , one being introduced , if numbers permit , into each major entrance .

When birds are released from cages , they flap and stretch at a very high rate , suggesting that they are compensating for their earlier restriction .
when birds are [freed] from cages , they flap and stretch at a very high rate , suggesting that they are compensating for their earlier restriction .

He was not released until he had been forced to sign an undertaking not to bring any charge against his aggressors .
he was not [freed] until he had been forced to sign an undertaking not to bring any charge against his aggressors .

On being informed of this , King Louis of France instantly had Winstanley released , declaring , ‘ We are at War with England , not with humanity ’ , and the lighthouse would be of benefit to all nations .
on being informed of this , king louis of france instantly had winstanley [freed] , declaring , ‘ we are at war with england , not with humanity ’ , and the lighthouse would be of benefit to all nations .

The offence was compounded when one Anthony Hurke released the animal from where it had been impounded and turned it back to the Down and was himself fined .
the offence was compounded when one anthony hurke [freed] the animal from where it had been impounded and turned it back to the down and was himself fined .

The latest official figures ( for 1985 ) released by the Government show that just over 35 per cent of older people were living on incomes at or below the generally accepted Income Support ( then Supplementary Benefit ) poverty line , compared with 10 per cent of people under pension age .
the latest official figures ( for 1985 ) [freed] by the government show that just over 35 per cent of older people were living on incomes at or below the generally accepted income support ( then supplementary benefit ) poverty line , compared with 10 per cent of people under pension age .

‘ It had quite an effect because only the other day a London record store asked if it was going to be released again .
‘ it had quite an effect because only the other day a london record store asked if it was going to be [freed] again .

Care proceedings are dealt with in the Magistrates ' Court and can result in children either being taken into care or being released from care .
care proceedings are dealt with in the magistrates ' court and can result in children either being taken into care or being [freed] from care .

Winston put these machines in front of everybody and there was a button that you pressed when you spoke and you released when you listened … .
winston put these machines in front of everybody and there was a button that you pressed when you spoke and you [freed] when you listened … .

Jackson was restless at Aberdeen and had ambitions to play in England , but he threatened to return to America , where he had lived earlier , if he was not released .
jackson was restless at aberdeen and had ambitions to play in england , but he threatened to return to america , where he had lived earlier , if he was not [freed] .

The embarrassing affair was eventually sorted out and he was released .
the embarrassing affair was eventually sorted out and he was [freed] .

He would feint and leave two or three opponents sprawling or plodding in his wake before he released the ball , unerringly , to either the flying Joe Hulme , who would not even have to pause in his flight , or the absolutely devastating Cliff ( ’ ’ Boy '' ) Bastin , who would take a couple of strides and whip the ball into the net .
he would feint and leave two or three opponents sprawling or plodding in his wake before he [freed] the ball , unerringly , to either the flying joe hulme , who would not even have to pause in his flight , or the absolutely devastating cliff ( ’ ’ boy '' ) bastin , who would take a couple of strides and whip the ball into the net .

Alternatively the council may write to the prisoner to say that his/her tenancy can not be held any longer with the result that the prisoner may have no home to go to when released .
alternatively the council may write to the prisoner to say that his/her tenancy can not be held any longer with the result that the prisoner may have no home to go to when [freed] .

No gun can be released for sale until its barrel has been definitively proved and stamped here .
no gun can be [freed] for sale until its barrel has been definitively proved and stamped here .

There is no doubt that certain species have been successfully bred in zoos and released in the wild .
there is no doubt that certain species have been successfully bred in zoos and [freed] in the wild .

Wordsworth 's poetic fluency had never been greater , and the landscape near Tintern Abbey , revisited after an absence of five years , released from him a stream of meditative blank verse quite different in style from the humble poems of rural life he had been writing for the Lyrical Ballads .
wordsworth 's poetic fluency had never been greater , and the landscape near tintern abbey , revisited after an absence of five years , [freed] from him a stream of meditative blank verse quite different in style from the humble poems of rural life he had been writing for the lyrical ballads .

It is probable that there are different types of α-granules with different granular contents which may be released in different situations ( Kaplan , 1981 ) .
it is probable that there are different types of α-granules with different granular contents which may be [freed] in different situations ( kaplan , 1981 ) .

In order to gain an understanding of the potential reservoir disposition within the Upper Carboniferous a broad stratigraphic analysis was undertaken by integrating the new seismic data with released well information .
in order to gain an understanding of the potential reservoir disposition within the upper carboniferous a broad stratigraphic analysis was undertaken by integrating the new seismic data with [freed] well information .

Collapse breccias are also possibly developed in the Scram field in the southern North Sea where , according to the released well data , gas has been produced from fractured and brecciated Zechstein carbonates .
collapse breccias are also possibly developed in the scram field in the southern north sea where , according to the [freed] well data , gas has been produced from fractured and brecciated zechstein carbonates .

Scaevola replies that it appears to have been the testator 's intention that Seius should be released by the trust from all his obligations .
scaevola replies that it appears to have been the testator 's intention that seius should be [freed] by the trust from all his obligations .

The solution seems to lie in the fact that the amounts which later become due ( interest ) are consequent on the debt that is being released .
the solution seems to lie in the fact that the amounts which later become due ( interest ) are consequent on the debt that is being [freed] .

The jurist is therefore able to suggest that the testator intended those sums also to be released .
the jurist is therefore able to suggest that the testator intended those sums also to be [freed] .

In his will a testator had released his debtors from their debt .
in his will a testator had [freed] his debtors from their debt .

The question is , if he has subsequently borrowed more from the testator , up to what point he has been released from his debts .
the question is , if he has subsequently borrowed more from the testator , up to what point he has been [freed] from his debts .

‘ Off you go , little girl , ’ he said briskly , released the reins and gave her a slap across the haunches .
‘ off you go , little girl , ’ he said briskly , [freed] the reins and gave her a slap across the haunches .

The date is about 1919 , although the record was n't released until 1921 .
the date is about 1919 , although the record was n't [freed] until 1921 .

Occasionally , inhibitions released by drink or instant rebellion against the ritual of subservience would flare into sudden challenge to the constable 's authority .
occasionally , inhibitions [freed] by drink or instant rebellion against the ritual of subservience would flare into sudden challenge to the constable 's authority .

Even the Thalidomide formula mentioned at the beginning of this chapter was only released after rigorous testing , save in one tragic area .
even the thalidomide formula mentioned at the beginning of this chapter was only [freed] after rigorous testing , save in one tragic area .

They can concentrate on fast-moving products ( ie goods that sell well ) , so that stock is not held for too long and money is released to buy more goods
they can concentrate on fast-moving products ( ie goods that sell well ) , so that stock is not held for too long and money is [freed] to buy more goods

It produces some odd effects , however , for strict equivalence between postcranial and cranial elements is only reached when all the jaws are broken and the molars released .
it produces some odd effects , however , for strict equivalence between postcranial and cranial elements is only reached when all the jaws are broken and the molars [freed] .

There is no escape from the Baglady 's ghastly tale of a ruined life until she has released herself by at last telling her story .
there is no escape from the baglady 's ghastly tale of a ruined life until she has [freed] herself by at last telling her story .

Stationary feet and hips so that energy is released upwards into appropriate gestures .
stationary feet and hips so that energy is [freed] upwards into appropriate gestures .

‘ If the power of the atom is released ’ he had said , ‘ it will set up a chain reaction that will not stop until the end of the world . ’
‘ if the power of the atom is [freed] ’ he had said , ‘ it will set up a chain reaction that will not stop until the end of the world . ’

Then , just as suddenly as they had grabbed at his throat , the hands released his windpipe and the weight lifted off him .
then , just as suddenly as they had grabbed at his throat , the hands [freed] his windpipe and the weight lifted off him .

There was a moment when Nicholas could have released his arrow : he let it pass .
there was a moment when nicholas could have [freed] his arrow : he let it pass .

John was to be released : Nicholas himself was to be marched to the citadel .
john was to be [freed] : nicholas himself was to be marched to the citadel .

Presently Diniz himself , released from duty , walked into the kitchen .
presently diniz himself , [freed] from duty , walked into the kitchen .

By then , released from stricter vigilance , Nicholas had been able to move from the Citadel to the house of Katelina , and soon Abul Ismail was permitted to join him .
by then , [freed] from stricter vigilance , nicholas had been able to move from the citadel to the house of katelina , and soon abul ismail was permitted to join him .

Released from Famagusta , he had retired to Nicosia , as Nicholas wanted .
[freed] from famagusta , he had retired to nicosia , as nicholas wanted .

After hearing that they had been attending a high school graduation party , they were released by the judge on the condition that they were each driven to their parents ' home exactly as they appeared in court — with only a blanket for
after hearing that they had been attending a high school graduation party , they were [freed] by the judge on the condition that they were each driven to their parents ' home exactly as they appeared in court — with only a blanket for

Any wounded or distressed creatures that are handed to us are carefully nursed back to health whilst our breeding programmes produce an ever-increased number of baby marine creatures , many of which are then released into the wild .
any wounded or distressed creatures that are handed to us are carefully nursed back to health whilst our breeding programmes produce an ever-increased number of baby marine creatures , many of which are then [freed] into the wild .

Their plan was a simple one : pay the imprisoned debtors ' debts , plus the fees demanded for their clearance and what they owed the keeper for lodgings and the rest , and they could be released .
their plan was a simple one : pay the imprisoned debtors ' debts , plus the fees demanded for their clearance and what they owed the keeper for lodgings and the rest , and they could be [freed] .

In an Exhortation to Released Prisoners they pleaded with them not to pursue their former vices of Folly , Extravagance and Dissipation .
in an exhortation to [freed] prisoners they pleaded with them not to pursue their former vices of folly , extravagance and dissipation .

At that point the creditor could still refuse to have the man released from prison and insist of his being kept there , so long as he paid him a groat a day .
at that point the creditor could still refuse to have the man [freed] from prison and insist of his being kept there , so long as he paid him a groat a day .

But in July a court released him from prison , and two days later he heard that out of 150 creditors none opposed his being discharged .
but in july a court [freed] him from prison , and two days later he heard that out of 150 creditors none opposed his being discharged .

He was immediately released from his confinement , but he was still liable to the man who had given him credit in the belief he could keep his promise to pay later .
he was immediately [freed] from his confinement , but he was still liable to the man who had given him credit in the belief he could keep his promise to pay later .

John Bright wanted the benefit extended to crown-debtors who should be released after a full disclosure and a discharge of all claims above £200 .
john bright wanted the benefit extended to crown-debtors who should be [freed] after a full disclosure and a discharge of all claims above £200 .

Individuals on the other side of the water would pay five or seven hundred pounds to procure their discharge , which could not be expected to continue if they could be released by other means .
individuals on the other side of the water would pay five or seven hundred pounds to procure their discharge , which could not be expected to continue if they could be [freed] by other means .

It worried Lord Auckland that a court could now refuse to free a prisoner whom his creditor wished to see released .
it worried lord auckland that a court could now refuse to free a prisoner whom his creditor wished to see [freed] .

After he had released the ropes , the huge crowd watched as Simon began to ascend rather than descend the pole .
after he had [freed] the ropes , the huge crowd watched as simon began to ascend rather than descend the pole .

The pinder , whose job it was to round up stray animals and keep them in the pinfold , to be released on payment of a fine , was also known as the axeman .
the pinder , whose job it was to round up stray animals and keep them in the pinfold , to be [freed] on payment of a fine , was also known as the axeman .

Visions of white blancmange released from a mould and failing to stand up invade her brain .
visions of white blancmange [freed] from a mould and failing to stand up invade her brain .

Dr Susan Blackmore , of the Brain and Perception Laboratory of the University of Bristol , suggests that a group of babies be trained to use a ‘ baby-operated tape player ’ invented by Tom Troscianko and herself , which will shortly be released on to the market .
dr susan blackmore , of the brain and perception laboratory of the university of bristol , suggests that a group of babies be trained to use a ‘ baby-operated tape player ’ invented by tom troscianko and herself , which will shortly be [freed] on to the market .

This situation is quite different from the Windscale fire , in which the single isotope polonium-210 was released .
this situation is quite different from the windscale fire , in which the single isotope polonium-210 was [freed] .

This membrane then fuses with the membrane of a cell body called a lysosome and the virus is eventually released from the lysosome to initiate infection ( see New Scientist , 10 February , p 372 ) .
this membrane then fuses with the membrane of a cell body called a lysosome and the virus is eventually [freed] from the lysosome to initiate infection ( see new scientist , 10 february , p 372 ) .

After it is released from the cell , interferon becomes attached to neighbouring cells and converts them into an ‘ anti-viral state ’ in which the multiplication of viruses is strongly inhibited .
after it is [freed] from the cell , interferon becomes attached to neighbouring cells and converts them into an ‘ anti-viral state ’ in which the multiplication of viruses is strongly inhibited .

The subject of the effect of acid rain on the environment ( Forum , 24 February , p 535 ) has received increasing recognition and it certainly behoves those with influence to reduce the quantity of sulphur compounds being released into the atmosphere .
the subject of the effect of acid rain on the environment ( forum , 24 february , p 535 ) has received increasing recognition and it certainly behoves those with influence to reduce the quantity of sulphur compounds being [freed] into the atmosphere .

‘ Most of the radioactive nuclides would have decayed to stable atoms before they could possibly be released to the environment by the slow corrosion process .
‘ most of the radioactive nuclides would have decayed to stable atoms before they could possibly be [freed] to the environment by the slow corrosion process .

It is speculated that he is in no hurry to be released .
it is speculated that he is in no hurry to be [freed] .

Vyaches lav Bakhmin , a member of the working commission , was due to be released from a camp in the Tomsk region on 12 February .
vyaches lav bakhmin , a member of the working commission , was due to be [freed] from a camp in the tomsk region on 12 february .

He is at present in exile in Magadan and due to be released in December 1984 .
he is at present in exile in magadan and due to be [freed] in december 1984 .

At the time of the fire , British Nuclear Fuels Ltd , which runs Windscale , used its own estimates of the doses of iodine-131 , the most dangerous radio-isotope released during the fire , on individuals to claim that nobody was at risk .
at the time of the fire , british nuclear fuels ltd , which runs windscale , used its own estimates of the doses of iodine-131 , the most dangerous radio-isotope [freed] during the fire , on individuals to claim that nobody was at risk .

After the final collection of the night , when all the toads had been recorded and marked , we released them at the margin of the lake near the spawn site .
after the final collection of the night , when all the toads had been recorded and marked , we [freed] them at the margin of the lake near the spawn site .

Dr Folkman found that heparin , released by mast cells around the tumour , causes the capillary cells to elongate very rapidly .
dr folkman found that heparin , [freed] by mast cells around the tumour , causes the capillary cells to elongate very rapidly .

The oxygen atoms released combine with unreacted carbon to give additional carbon monoxide .
the oxygen atoms [freed] combine with unreacted carbon to give additional carbon monoxide .

In response to fluctuating hormone levels during each oestrous cycle , some eggs are released to resume development .
in response to fluctuating hormone levels during each oestrous cycle , some eggs are [freed] to resume development .

But he was now fighting a losing battle in support of the ‘ Phlogistic Theory ’ — the idea that the processes of combustion released a mysterious substance named ‘ phlogiston ’ .
but he was now fighting a losing battle in support of the ‘ phlogistic theory ’ — the idea that the processes of combustion [freed] a mysterious substance named ‘ phlogiston ’ .

But a re-examination of the data published in the aftermath of the fire reveals that one crucial isotope released in the fire has been ignored in subsequent analysis of the health consequences .
but a re-examination of the data published in the aftermath of the fire reveals that one crucial isotope [freed] in the fire has been ignored in subsequent analysis of the health consequences .

large quantity released
large quantity [freed]

The radioactive iodine released does not satisfy the second and fourth conditions .
the radioactive iodine [freed] does not satisfy the second and fourth conditions .

One pathway not yet considered as a cause of thyroid cancer is the decay of the 12 000 curies of tellurium-132 released .
one pathway not yet considered as a cause of thyroid cancer is the decay of the 12 000 curies of tellurium-132 [freed] .

Two figures occur in the open literature from which we can deduce the amount released in the radioactive cloud that crossed England and Wales and Western Europe .
two figures occur in the open literature from which we can deduce the amount [freed] in the radioactive cloud that crossed england and wales and western europe .

The setpoint is probably maintained by a chemical substance , perhaps a hormone , that is released by fat cells and monitored by the brain .
the setpoint is probably maintained by a chemical substance , perhaps a hormone , that is [freed] by fat cells and monitored by the brain .

Ascospores are usually released in pairs as an insect brushes against a loaded perithecium .
ascospores are usually [freed] in pairs as an insect brushes against a loaded perithecium .

When the external pressure is suddenly released , the cell structure is forcibly expanded by the entrapped steam into an open porous matrix .
when the external pressure is suddenly [freed] , the cell structure is forcibly expanded by the entrapped steam into an open porous matrix .

As early as 1738 mine owners were complaining that two-thirds of the mines were unworkable because of creep and the large amounts of explosive methane that were released .
as early as 1738 mine owners were complaining that two-thirds of the mines were unworkable because of creep and the large amounts of explosive methane that were [freed] .

They quickly learned that Davy 's lamp was particularly unsafe when the methane was released in jets , or ‘ blowers ’ as they were called .
they quickly learned that davy 's lamp was particularly unsafe when the methane was [freed] in jets , or ‘ blowers ’ as they were called .

The device contains a carbon dioxide cylinder which released gas into a coiled chamber .
the device contains a carbon dioxide cylinder which [freed] gas into a coiled chamber .

Released spores an washed down into the soil and onto the tubers by rain .
[freed] spores an washed down into the soil and onto the tubers by rain .

This technique is more efficient when only sterile males are released , but we must be able to sort out the sexes .
this technique is more efficient when only sterile males are [freed] , but we must be able to sort out the sexes .

Some of these arrived accidentally , but many were released deliberately for the benefit of seafarers and settlers .
some of these arrived accidentally , but many were [freed] deliberately for the benefit of seafarers and settlers .

These are the first police accident figures to be released .
these are the first police accident figures to be [freed] .

It can look but it can not touch , the result being it can just as easily be released again .
it can look but it can not touch , the result being it can just as easily be [freed] again .

What this means is that ships can now have some protection against guided bombs released from a great height .
what this means is that ships can now have some protection against guided bombs [freed] from a great height .

For instance , Michael Fagan , the Buckingham Palace intruder , was treated in hospital and released recently on the approval of the Mental Health Review Tribunal .
for instance , michael fagan , the buckingham palace intruder , was treated in hospital and [freed] recently on the approval of the mental health review tribunal .

Yet how many times have Deborah or her brothers and sisters been refused secondment on the ground that they could not be spared either because ‘ there was no money ’ or because Peter , who could very thankfully be released , was sent off instead .
yet how many times have deborah or her brothers and sisters been refused secondment on the ground that they could not be spared either because ‘ there was no money ’ or because peter , who could very thankfully be [freed] , was sent off instead .

Deep breathing is a good method of relaxation and so are the ‘ tense and let go ’ exercises , in which the muscles of various parts of the body in turn — face , shoulders , hands and so on — are deliberately screwed up tight and then released to achieve complete relaxation .
deep breathing is a good method of relaxation and so are the ‘ tense and let go ’ exercises , in which the muscles of various parts of the body in turn — face , shoulders , hands and so on — are deliberately screwed up tight and then [freed] to achieve complete relaxation .

One or both of them may not wish to cope with parenting a second time round , having not long been released from the exhaustion and limitations of childcare on their own account .
one or both of them may not wish to cope with parenting a second time round , having not long been [freed] from the exhaustion and limitations of childcare on their own account .

Outside the hut the leaves and the grasses sparkled with the brightness of the shower , the air was fresh and sweet with released scents and the song of birds , and then , distantly but distinctly , almost as they emerged , came from very far away , somewhere to west and south of them , the sound of a horn .
outside the hut the leaves and the grasses sparkled with the brightness of the shower , the air was fresh and sweet with [freed] scents and the song of birds , and then , distantly but distinctly , almost as they emerged , came from very far away , somewhere to west and south of them , the sound of a horn .

The head is balanced in such a way that , when the neck muscles are released , the head goes slightly forward , taking the whole body into movement .
the head is balanced in such a way that , when the neck muscles are [freed] , the head goes slightly forward , taking the whole body into movement .

This is the result of released muscle tension ; gravity affects the body in a different way making it much easier to use .
this is the result of [freed] muscle tension ; gravity affects the body in a different way making it much easier to use .

Many of us hold ourselves in the most distorted positions and when tensions are released the changes can be quite dramatic .
many of us hold ourselves in the most distorted positions and when tensions are [freed] the changes can be quite dramatic .

After a few hours the butterflies can be released .
after a few hours the butterflies can be [freed] .

’ Nicholson released him , pushing him back so hard he almost fell .
’ nicholson [freed] him , pushing him back so hard he almost fell .

Such large volumes of water were released in the New Year that the old road bridge by the campsite has now been washed away and there is now a debris problem on the river bed .
such large volumes of water were [freed] in the new year that the old road bridge by the campsite has now been washed away and there is now a debris problem on the river bed .

Day 11 ) The water temperature released at the dam is 0 degrees Centigrade but here , 100 miles downstream , it has warmed to a comfortable 32 degrees Fahrenheit .
day 11 ) the water temperature [freed] at the dam is 0 degrees centigrade but here , 100 miles downstream , it has warmed to a comfortable 32 degrees fahrenheit .

Even butterflies take note of being captured at a certain location and when subsequently released , avoid the area for some while after .
even butterflies take note of being captured at a certain location and when subsequently [freed] , avoid the area for some while after .

The pulses of energy released he called ‘ overgrounds ’ .
the pulses of energy [freed] he called ‘ overgrounds ’ .

Electrons can also be released by the application of energy .
electrons can also be [freed] by the application of energy .

This enterprising new disc is a most worthy successor to the finzi Singers 's fine Chandos recordings of Finzi and bliss released last year .
this enterprising new disc is a most worthy successor to the finzi singers 's fine chandos recordings of finzi and bliss [freed] last year .

These titles are retrospectives , released by Savoy shortly after Parker 's premature death ( aged 35 ) ; with this handful of LPs , Savoy sought to encompass the late great alto saxophonist 's complete Savoy discography , which to all intents and purposes they do .
these titles are retrospectives , [freed] by savoy shortly after parker 's premature death ( aged 35 ) ; with this handful of lps , savoy sought to encompass the late great alto saxophonist 's complete savoy discography , which to all intents and purposes they do .

1957 ) with an eponymous album just released over here ( ) .
1957 ) with an eponymous album just [freed] over here ( ) .

These small messengers include the major chemical signals produced by the body ( hormones ) , messenger substances released by the nerves for communication with adjacent nerves ( neurotransmitters ) and mediators released by immune cells which stimulate or suppress other immune cells ( lymphokines ) .
these small messengers include the major chemical signals produced by the body ( hormones ) , messenger substances [freed] by the nerves for communication with adjacent nerves ( neurotransmitters ) and mediators [freed] by immune cells which stimulate or suppress other immune cells ( lymphokines ) .

Hairdressing salons , dry cleaners , photographic developers and petrol stations are other places of work that may cause ill health Those working in offices may also be suffering from workplace exposure — to photocopier fumes , for example , or to solvents released by erasing liquids ( Tippex etc ) , glue , carbon paper , chipboard and plywood .
hairdressing salons , dry cleaners , photographic developers and petrol stations are other places of work that may cause ill health those working in offices may also be suffering from workplace exposure — to photocopier fumes , for example , or to solvents [freed] by erasing liquids ( tippex etc ) , glue , carbon paper , chipboard and plywood .

Not only is this material soft and elastic but unlike its silicone rubber analogue , it can be impregnated with a hydrophilic antibiotic which is then locally released .
not only is this material soft and elastic but unlike its silicone rubber analogue , it can be impregnated with a hydrophilic antibiotic which is then locally [freed] .

Due to his speech-impediment , he was mistaken for a German spy and was arrested and spent some uncomfortable hours in custody before being released .
due to his speech-impediment , he was mistaken for a german spy and was arrested and spent some uncomfortable hours in custody before being [freed] .

The gradual acceptance of the Darwinian evolutionary philosophy , that enables us to accept each species in its own right and see its actions from its own point of view , has meant that we are released from the burden of interpreting everything animals do in terms of good and evil .
the gradual acceptance of the darwinian evolutionary philosophy , that enables us to accept each species in its own right and see its actions from its own point of view , has meant that we are [freed] from the burden of interpreting everything animals do in terms of good and evil .

released by Computer Services ;
[freed] by computer services ;

By relieving the teacher of a heavy load of formal teaching sessions , time is released to assist learners in small groups or individually .
by relieving the teacher of a heavy load of formal teaching sessions , time is [freed] to assist learners in small groups or individually .

This tensing should be held for a count of five , then released , and repeated several times .
this tensing should be held for a count of five , then [freed] , and repeated several times .

After what seemed like an age , he heard the metal window catch being released .
after what seemed like an age , he heard the metal window catch being [freed] .

He 'd prayed to be released
he 'd prayed to be [freed]

Father Poole had sent a large parcel containing clothes and shoes to the hospital just before he was released .
father poole had sent a large parcel containing clothes and shoes to the hospital just before he was [freed] .

’ Doctor McCann released his grip and blocked the way to the stairs .
’ doctor mccann [freed] his grip and blocked the way to the stairs .

Staggering over my own threshold again released a torrent of emotions .
staggering over my own threshold again [freed] a torrent of emotions .

Some of this new housing has been sited in inner city and other urban areas where land has been released by the process of industrial decline .
some of this new housing has been sited in inner city and other urban areas where land has been [freed] by the process of industrial decline .

Secondly , there is a need to determine how genetically engineered organisms will react when released into the environment .
secondly , there is a need to determine how genetically engineered organisms will react when [freed] into the environment .

This remains an unanswered question until such organisms are released and monitored but it does require a cautious and controlled approach if lessons are to be learnt from the often detrimental effects that have accrued from the introduction of organisms into non-indigenous environments as biological controls or as inadvertent introductions .
this remains an unanswered question until such organisms are [freed] and monitored but it does require a cautious and controlled approach if lessons are to be learnt from the often detrimental effects that have accrued from the introduction of organisms into non-indigenous environments as biological controls or as inadvertent introductions .

There is also the possibility that genetically released organisms might , while being beneficial to some plants and animals , prove to be harmful to others , including humans .
there is also the possibility that genetically [freed] organisms might , while being beneficial to some plants and animals , prove to be harmful to others , including humans .

The infection thread continues to grow through and between the host plant 's root cells so that the bacteria in the infection thread are isolated and eventually released into the nodule cells .
the infection thread continues to grow through and between the host plant 's root cells so that the bacteria in the infection thread are isolated and eventually [freed] into the nodule cells .

But calculations of the total carbon released by fossil fuel combustion imply that , if all such carbon remained in the atmosphere , the concentration would have increased by twice as much .
but calculations of the total carbon [freed] by fossil fuel combustion imply that , if all such carbon remained in the atmosphere , the concentration would have increased by twice as much .

Then the CFCs may be released into the atmosphere .
then the cfcs may be [freed] into the atmosphere .

It 's a help , but not a complete solution to the problem because once chlorine has been released in the stratosphere , it persists for many years and goes on destroying ozone .
it 's a help , but not a complete solution to the problem because once chlorine has been [freed] in the stratosphere , it persists for many years and goes on destroying ozone .

In fact , incineration can make sense if the energy generated is used to heat homes ; less power will be needed from power stations , which means that less carbon dioxide will be released into the atmosphere .
in fact , incineration can make sense if the energy generated is used to heat homes ; less power will be needed from power stations , which means that less carbon dioxide will be [freed] into the atmosphere .

Using a small amount of bleach to clean lavatories probably wo n't do any harm , but avoid using it at the same time as other materials ; dangerous chlorine could be released .
using a small amount of bleach to clean lavatories probably wo n't do any harm , but avoid using it at the same time as other materials ; dangerous chlorine could be [freed] .

After being released in January of 1870 , Vásquez spent the next four years in a life of banditry but also one of romance .
after being [freed] in january of 1870 , vásquez spent the next four years in a life of banditry but also one of romance .

Within the prison world pintos have established a well-defined and -structured social environment , which they carry to the outside world when released .
within the prison world pintos have established a well-defined and -structured social environment , which they carry to the outside world when [freed] .

The film Mi Familia , directed and released in 1995 by Gregory Nava , includes a comical scene depicting the agringado son , a UCLA student , bringing his Anglo girlfriend home to meet his Mexican family .
the film mi familia , directed and [freed] in 1995 by gregory nava , includes a comical scene depicting the agringado son , a ucla student , bringing his anglo girlfriend home to meet his mexican family .

In 1955 a well -- established Mexican director released a film titled Espaldas Mojadas , which intended to persuade Mexicans not to go to the United States .
in 1955 a well -- established mexican director [freed] a film titled espaldas mojadas , which intended to persuade mexicans not to go to the united states .

Then Rabbi Eliezer , desperate and alone , invoked the argument of original intent : “ If I am right , let heaven be the proof. ” A heavenly voice then proclaimed : “ How dare you oppose Rabbi Eliezer , whose views are everywhere the law. ” Rabbi Joshua arose and quoted Deuteronomy : “ It is not in Heaven. ” Rabbi Jeremiah explained the reference : Ever since the Torah was given at Mount Sinai , “ we pay no attention to heavenly voices , for God already wrote in the Torah at Mount Sinai. ” 18 The point is that once the language is released and given to jurists to fashion to the needs of their time , the task of lawgivers is finished .
then rabbi eliezer , desperate and alone , invoked the argument of original intent : “ if i am right , let heaven be the proof. ” a heavenly voice then proclaimed : “ how dare you oppose rabbi eliezer , whose views are everywhere the law. ” rabbi joshua arose and quoted deuteronomy : “ it is not in heaven. ” rabbi jeremiah explained the reference : ever since the torah was given at mount sinai , “ we pay no attention to heavenly voices , for god already wrote in the torah at mount sinai. ” 18 the point is that once the language is [freed] and given to jurists to fashion to the needs of their time , the task of lawgivers is finished .

At the level of molecular autonomous agents , I made the point repeatedly that work is the constrained release of energy and that autonomous agents do carry out work to construct the constraints on the release of energy such that the energy is released along specific channels and such that specific couplings of nonequilibrium energy sources to propagating organization arise .
at the level of molecular autonomous agents , i made the point repeatedly that work is the constrained release of energy and that autonomous agents do carry out work to construct the constraints on the release of energy such that the energy is [freed] along specific channels and such that specific couplings of nonequilibrium energy sources to propagating organization arise .

Over time , if the system is released from any initial state , it will follow a trajectory of states through state space .
over time , if the system is [freed] from any initial state , it will follow a trajectory of states through state space .

If released from any initial state , the system ultimately winds up cycling on one of its attractors .
if [freed] from any initial state , the system ultimately winds up cycling on one of its attractors .

Let the network be released from an arbitrary initial state and flow along a trajectory toward a state cycle attractor .
let the network be [freed] from an arbitrary initial state and flow along a trajectory toward a state cycle attractor .

Then physical entities appear that construct constraints on and couplings to the release of the identified source of energy whereby the energy is actually released and work comes to be performed .
then physical entities appear that construct constraints on and couplings to the release of the identified source of energy whereby the energy is actually [freed] and work comes to be performed .

Such work often comes to be used to construct further detectors of energy sources and entities that harbor constraints on the release of energy , which when released constitutes work that constructs still further sources of energy and constraints on its release .
such work often comes to be used to construct further detectors of energy sources and entities that harbor constraints on the release of energy , which when [freed] constitutes work that constructs still further sources of energy and constraints on its release .

If the system is released from an initially improbable macrostate , its initial entropy for the first period of time is low since most macrostates are not occupied .
if the system is [freed] from an initially improbable macrostate , its initial entropy for the first period of time is low since most macrostates are not occupied .

The energy , once released , constitutes work that propagates to carry out more work , building more constraints on the release of energy , which when released constitutes work that propagates further .
the energy , once [freed] , constitutes work that propagates to carry out more work , building more constraints on the release of energy , which when [freed] constitutes work that propagates further .

In fact , the cell has actually done thermodynamic work to construct constraints on the release of chemical energy stored in A and B , that might be released to form C and D or E or F and G .
in fact , the cell has actually done thermodynamic work to construct constraints on the release of chemical energy stored in a and b , that might be [freed] to form c and d or e or f and g .

The enzyme diuses to the A-and-B-laden region of the membrane and binds stereospecifically to the transition state leading from A and B to the products C and D. By binding the transition state complex of this reaction pathway , the enzyme lowers the potential barrier for the A + B ÷ C + D reaction , and the chemical energy stored in A + B is released to form C + D .
the enzyme diuses to the a-and-b-laden region of the membrane and binds stereospecifically to the transition state leading from a and b to the products c and d. by binding the transition state complex of this reaction pathway , the enzyme lowers the potential barrier for the a + b ÷ c + d reaction , and the chemical energy stored in a + b is [freed] to form c + d .

Thus the cell does work , both to construct constraints and to modify those constraints , by raising or lowering potential barriers such that chemical energy is released .
thus the cell does work , both to construct constraints and to modify those constraints , by raising or lowering potential barriers such that chemical energy is [freed] .

More , the released energy can , and often does , propagate to do work constructing more constraints .
more , the [freed] energy can , and often does , propagate to do work constructing more constraints .

Work propagates in cells and often does so by the construction of constraints on the release of energy , which when released constitutes work that propagates to construct more constraints on the release of energy .
work propagates in cells and often does so by the construction of constraints on the release of energy , which when [freed] constitutes work that propagates to construct more constraints on the release of energy .

It does , in fact , measure , detect , and record sources of energy and does do work to construct constraints on the release of energy , which when released in the constrained way , propagates to do more work , often constructing further constraints on the release of energy or doing work by driving further nonspontaneous processes .
it does , in fact , measure , detect , and record sources of energy and does do work to construct constraints on the release of energy , which when [freed] in the constrained way , propagates to do more work , often constructing further constraints on the release of energy or doing work by driving further nonspontaneous processes .

If the work done on the Carnot engine simply retraced the exact pathway from step 3 to step 2 to step 1 , at least as much work would have to be done on the Carnot engine as the engine released in the power stroke in going from 1 to 2 to 3 .
if the work done on the carnot engine simply retraced the exact pathway from step 3 to step 2 to step 1 , at least as much work would have to be done on the carnot engine as the engine [freed] in the power stroke in going from 1 to 2 to 3 .

This is true because the excess concentration of the hexamer DNA , compared to its equilibrium , could in principle be released by degradation of the hexamer to the two trimer substrates , releasing that stored free energy as this reaction couple flowed toward its own equilibrium ratio of hexamer and trimers .
this is true because the excess concentration of the hexamer dna , compared to its equilibrium , could in principle be [freed] by degradation of the hexamer to the two trimer substrates , releasing that stored free energy as this reaction couple flowed toward its own equilibrium ratio of hexamer and trimers .

The original slaves whom the Spanish had released after 1655 became known as “ Maroons , ” from the Spanish word cimarrón ( which means “ wild ” or “ untamed ” ) .
the original slaves whom the spanish had [freed] after 1655 became known as “ maroons , ” from the spanish word cimarrón ( which means “ wild ” or “ untamed ” ) .

The shoreline trail leads through ancient fishponds and lagoons where endangered baby sea turtles are raised and released every July 4th .
the shoreline trail leads through ancient fishponds and lagoons where endangered baby sea turtles are raised and [freed] every july 4th .

The Slaves ) , St. Matthew , and a Pietà — each a fascinating revelation of how Michelangelo released their power from the marble .
the slaves ) , st. matthew , and a pietà — each a fascinating revelation of how michelangelo [freed] their power from the marble .

Even the most aged and infirm travel here to die , for nothing is more blessed for a devout Hindu than to die in the great waters of the Varanasi and thus be released from the eternal cycle of rebirth .
even the most aged and infirm travel here to die , for nothing is more blessed for a devout hindu than to die in the great waters of the varanasi and thus be [freed] from the eternal cycle of rebirth .

After the baby turtles hatch , they are released back into the ocean .
after the baby turtles hatch , they are [freed] back into the ocean .

The Polish war hero Józef Pilsudski , released from a German prison , took control of Poland .
the polish war hero józef pilsudski , [freed] from a german prison , took control of poland .

Heading north by road once more , your journey will take you through the spectacular Imbros Gorge with its recently released population of Bald Eagles ( among other birds of prey ) .
heading north by road once more , your journey will take you through the spectacular imbros gorge with its recently [freed] population of bald eagles ( among other birds of prey ) .

The farm workers in the western Colorado community said they left the lettuce field when sprayed , but a foreman ordered them to continue working , saying the crop-duster had released a harmless solution of soap and water .
the farm workers in the western colorado community said they left the lettuce field when sprayed , but a foreman ordered them to continue working , saying the crop-duster had [freed] a harmless solution of soap and water .

The following year , Chavez 's organization , United Farm Workers , released a seminal study addressing the health effects of pesticides on farmworkers .
the following year , chavez 's organization , united farm workers , [freed] a seminal study addressing the health effects of pesticides on farmworkers .

John N. Erlenborn , president of the Legal Services Corp. , the entity that doles out federal money for legal aid , will announce at the conference that Illinois will suffer `` seven-figure funding cuts '' next year because of newly released census figures .
john n. erlenborn , president of the legal services corp. , the entity that doles out federal money for legal aid , will announce at the conference that illinois will suffer `` seven-figure funding cuts '' next year because of newly [freed] census figures .

The warning , in a recently released consumer alert , is a reaction to businesses that prey on the public 's trust in legitimate legal aid organizations .
the warning , in a recently [freed] consumer alert , is a reaction to businesses that prey on the public 's trust in legitimate legal aid organizations .

Law school debts forcing recruits to private sector November 18 , 2002 WASHINGTON ( AP ) - Most new lawyers wo n't consider working for government or public advocacy groups because their need for money to pay off massive student loans leads them to the more lucrative private sector , a study being released Monday found .
law school debts forcing recruits to private sector november 18 , 2002 washington ( ap ) - most new lawyers wo n't consider working for government or public advocacy groups because their need for money to pay off massive student loans leads them to the more lucrative private sector , a study being [freed] monday found .

These findings are part of a survey , the first of its kind in almost 20 years to examine the experiences of the poor in the legal system , released today by the nonprofit Legal Services of New Jersey , an Edison corporation that coordinates the state 's system of legal aid organizations .
these findings are part of a survey , the first of its kind in almost 20 years to examine the experiences of the poor in the legal system , [freed] today by the nonprofit legal services of new jersey , an edison corporation that coordinates the state 's system of legal aid organizations .

The most recent ABA survey was released in 1994 which found about 20 percent of the nation 's poor who need a lawyer 's help can find one .
the most recent aba survey was [freed] in 1994 which found about 20 percent of the nation 's poor who need a lawyer 's help can find one .

That 's one of the key conclusions of a sweeping 78-page report released today by the 13,000-member Philadelphia Bar Association and hailed by Association Chancellor Allan H. Gordon as a `` a comprehensive inventory of what we 've done and a blueprint for the future of our efforts to deliver legal services to those in need . ''
that 's one of the key conclusions of a sweeping 78-page report [freed] today by the 13,000-member philadelphia bar association and hailed by association chancellor allan h. gordon as a `` a comprehensive inventory of what we 've done and a blueprint for the future of our efforts to deliver legal services to those in need . ''

Financial disclosure reports and tax returns he released in June showed Mr. Barnes had a net worth of $ 12.3 million .
financial disclosure reports and tax returns he [freed] in june showed mr. barnes had a net worth of $ 12.3 million .

Recognizing that its own funding could be jeopardized if it did not follow LSC 's orders , LSNY released a plan in October 2000 that consolidates services and centralizes decision-making .
recognizing that its own funding could be jeopardized if it did not follow lsc 's orders , lsny [freed] a plan in october 2000 that consolidates services and centralizes decision-making .

Results of the survey , which is expected to collect responses from more than 1,000 legal services employers , attorneys general , public defenders and local civil liberties law organizations , will be released in April at the annual meeting of the National Association for Law Placement .
results of the survey , which is expected to collect responses from more than 1,000 legal services employers , attorneys general , public defenders and local civil liberties law organizations , will be [freed] in april at the annual meeting of the national association for law placement .

Wrongfully convicted of the murder of an elderly couple , Burrell spent 13 years on Louisiana 's death row before being released last year .
wrongfully convicted of the murder of an elderly couple , burrell spent 13 years on louisiana 's death row before being [freed] last year .

Edwin S. Matthews Jr. of Coudert Brothers in New York represented Don Paradis , who was released from prison after 14 years on death row in Idaho .
edwin s. matthews jr. of coudert brothers in new york represented don paradis , who was [freed] from prison after 14 years on death row in idaho .

By REED ABELSON July 24 , 2002 Women and minorities appear to be benefiting from greater employment opportunities in the United States , but discrimination remains a significant problem , according to a study to be released today by two professors at the Rutgers School of Law in Newark .
by reed abelson july 24 , 2002 women and minorities appear to be benefiting from greater employment opportunities in the united states , but discrimination remains a significant problem , according to a study to be [freed] today by two professors at the rutgers school of law in newark .

Several years later , a migrant worker named Adolfo Ruiz-Alvarez was released from a state mental hospital after two years of psychiatric evaluations and drug treatments .
several years later , a migrant worker named adolfo ruiz-alvarez was [freed] from a state mental hospital after two years of psychiatric evaluations and drug treatments .

A University of California , Irvine , study released Wednesday found an interactive computer system effectively helps people fill out paperwork for restraining orders , eviction defense , small-claims cases and requests for filing-fee waivers .
a university of california , irvine , study [freed] wednesday found an interactive computer system effectively helps people fill out paperwork for restraining orders , eviction defense , small-claims cases and requests for filing-fee waivers .

In a document released yesterday to justify its reordered priorities , the Council contended that Legal Aid can achieve greater economies of scale than lawyers appointed pursuant to Article 18-B of the County Law .
in a document [freed] yesterday to justify its reordered priorities , the council contended that legal aid can achieve greater economies of scale than lawyers appointed pursuant to article 18-b of the county law .

Third , most patients with alcohol problems are released from the ED rather than being admitted to hospitals where detection may be more likely .
third , most patients with alcohol problems are [freed] from the ed rather than being admitted to hospitals where detection may be more likely .

Page 3 GAO-02-957T We are pleased that the Administration has just released the national homeland security strategy and GAO stands ready to work with the Congress and the Administration to ensure that a sound and strong strategy can be effectively implemented to protect the country against terrorism .
page 3 gao-02-957t we are pleased that the administration has just [freed] the national homeland security strategy and gao stands ready to work with the congress and the administration to ensure that a sound and strong strategy can be effectively implemented to protect the country against terrorism .

The President 's Management Agenda , released in August 2001 , identified human capital as one of the five key governmentwide management challenges currently facing the federal government .
the president 's management agenda , [freed] in august 2001 , identified human capital as one of the five key governmentwide management challenges currently facing the federal government .

Each day , GAO issues a list of newly released reports , testimony , and correspondence .
each day , gao issues a list of newly [freed] reports , testimony , and correspondence .

To have GAO e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.govand select `` Subscribe to daily E-mail alert for newly released products '' under the GAO Reports heading .
to have gao e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.govand select `` subscribe to daily e-mail alert for newly [freed] products '' under the gao reports heading .

A number have already been released for implementation in Centrelink 's Customer Service Centre network .
a number have already been [freed] for implementation in centrelink 's customer service centre network .

Each day , GAO issues a list of newly released reports , testimony , and correspondence .
each day , gao issues a list of newly [freed] reports , testimony , and correspondence .

An initial notice of proposed rulemaking was released on July 1 , 1994 ( 9 FCC Rcd 5408 ) and a second notice of proposed rulemaking was released on April 20 , 1995 ( 10 FCC Rcd 10666 ) .
an initial notice of proposed rulemaking was [freed] on july 1 , 1994 ( 9 fcc rcd 5408 ) and a second notice of proposed rulemaking was [freed] on april 20 , 1995 ( 10 fcc rcd 10666 ) .

Each day , GAO issues a list of newly released reports , testimony , and correspondence .
each day , gao issues a list of newly [freed] reports , testimony , and correspondence .

To have GAO e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.gov and select `` Subscribe to daily E-mail alert for newly released products '' under the GAO Reports heading .
to have gao e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.gov and select `` subscribe to daily e-mail alert for newly [freed] products '' under the gao reports heading .

Each day , GAO issues a list of newly released reports , testimony , and correspondence .
each day , gao issues a list of newly [freed] reports , testimony , and correspondence .

To have GAO e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.govand select `` Subscribe to daily E-mail alert for newly released products '' under the GAO Reports heading .
to have gao e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.govand select `` subscribe to daily e-mail alert for newly [freed] products '' under the gao reports heading .

A Notice of Proposed Rulemaking was released on October 19 , 1994 ( 9 FCC Rcd 6170 ) .
a notice of proposed rulemaking was [freed] on october 19 , 1994 ( 9 fcc rcd 6170 ) .

When the Commission released this Report and Order on July 26 , 1996 , it included a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking .
when the commission [freed] this report and order on july 26 , 1996 , it included a further notice of proposed rulemaking .

In these cases , GAO will promptly notify the requesters why , when , and to whom the information or product will be released .
in these cases , gao will promptly notify the requesters why , when , and to whom the information or product will be [freed] .

Once a product is publicly released , GAO staff with expertise in the subject matter will answer questions from the media when asked .
once a product is publicly [freed] , gao staff with expertise in the subject matter will answer questions from the media when asked .

In such instances , GAO will provide knowledgeable staff with the understanding that they are present only to answer questions about the specifics of released GAO products .
in such instances , gao will provide knowledgeable staff with the understanding that they are present only to answer questions about the specifics of [freed] gao products .

We found that the most successful programs had taken steps to gather knowledge that confirmed the product 's design was stable before the design was released to manufacturing organizations to build products for demonstration .
we found that the most successful programs had taken steps to gather knowledge that confirmed the product 's design was stable before the design was [freed] to manufacturing organizations to build products for demonstration .

In these programs , only a small percentage of the drawings needed to make the products had been completed at the time the designs were released to manufacturing organizations for building production representative prototypes .
in these programs , only a small percentage of the drawings needed to make the products had been completed at the time the designs were [freed] to manufacturing organizations for building production representative prototypes .

In DOD programs , after the critical design review , the system design is released to manufacturing to begin building the production representative prototypes for the system demonstration phase .
in dod programs , after the critical design review , the system design is [freed] to manufacturing to begin building the production representative prototypes for the system demonstration phase .

The engineering drawing package released to manufacturing includes items such as the schematic of the product 's components , interface control documents , a listing of materials , notations of critical manufacturing processes , and testing requirements .
the engineering drawing package [freed] to manufacturing includes items such as the schematic of the product 's components , interface control documents , a listing of materials , notations of critical manufacturing processes , and testing requirements .

Key product characteristics and critical manufacturing processes are noted on the engineering drawings and work instructions that are released to manufacturing .
key product characteristics and critical manufacturing processes are noted on the engineering drawings and work instructions that are [freed] to manufacturing .

Each day , GAO issues a list of newly released reports , testimony , and correspondence .
each day , gao issues a list of newly [freed] reports , testimony , and correspondence .

To have GAO e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.govand select `` Subscribe to daily E-mail alert for newly released products '' under the GAO Reports heading .
to have gao e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.govand select `` subscribe to daily e-mail alert for newly [freed] products '' under the gao reports heading .

Another organization 's membership list was maintained by only one person and never generally released to all members .
another organization 's membership list was maintained by only one person and never generally [freed] to all members .

Each day , GAO issues a list of newly released reports , testimony , and correspondence .
each day , gao issues a list of newly [freed] reports , testimony , and correspondence .

OPM 's recently released white paper on federal pay provides a good foundation for the results-oriented pay reform discussion that must now take place.8 The greater use of `` broadbanding '' is one of the options that deserves to be discussed .
opm 's recently [freed] white paper on federal pay provides a good foundation for the results-oriented pay reform discussion that must now take place.8 the greater use of `` broadbanding '' is one of the options that deserves to be discussed .

On March 15 , 2002 , we released A Model of Strategic Human Capital Management , the latest in a series of tools designed to assist agency leaders in effectively managing their people.14 Our model is designed to help agency leaders effectively lead and manage their people and integrate human capital considerations into daily decision making and the program results they seek to achieve .
on march 15 , 2002 , we [freed] a model of strategic human capital management , the latest in a series of tools designed to assist agency leaders in effectively managing their people.14 our model is designed to help agency leaders effectively lead and manage their people and integrate human capital considerations into daily decision making and the program results they seek to achieve .

A Notice of Proposed Rulemaking was released on November 28 , 1995 ( 11 FCC Rcd 4338 ) .
a notice of proposed rulemaking was [freed] on november 28 , 1995 ( 11 fcc rcd 4338 ) .

Draft specifications with industry comments if draft specifications were released .
draft specifications with industry comments if draft specifications were [freed] .

Once the RFP is developed , it may be released in draft form in order to obtain industry questions and reactions .
once the rfp is developed , it may be [freed] in draft form in order to obtain industry questions and reactions .

Draft GAO products are at risk of being prematurely released once they leave GAO 's control .
draft gao products are at risk of being prematurely [freed] once they leave gao 's control .

In some limited circumstances , when there is concern that a draft product may be prematurely released , GAO will take extra precautions in obtaining agency comments .
in some limited circumstances , when there is concern that a draft product may be prematurely [freed] , gao will take extra precautions in obtaining agency comments .

Comments will not be shared with anyone else , including congressional staff not associated with the request , the media , or other external parties , until the report is released and posted on GAO 's Web site www.gao.gov .
comments will not be shared with anyone else , including congressional staff not associated with the request , the media , or other external parties , until the report is [freed] and posted on gao 's web site www.gao.gov .

As new products with recommendations are released , their recommendations are incorporated into the database .
as new products with recommendations are [freed] , their recommendations are incorporated into the database .

If the congressional requester has asked that the distribution of the report be restricted , as provided by GAO 's Congressional Protocols , the 60-day period will begin on the date the report is released .
if the congressional requester has asked that the distribution of the report be restricted , as provided by gao 's congressional protocols , the 60-day period will begin on the date the report is [freed] .

Once a product is publicly released , GAO staff with expertise in the subject matter will answer questions from the media when asked .
once a product is publicly [freed] , gao staff with expertise in the subject matter will answer questions from the media when asked .

In such instances , GAO will provide knowledgeable staff with the understanding that they are present only to answer questions about the specifics of released GAO products .
in such instances , gao will provide knowledgeable staff with the understanding that they are present only to answer questions about the specifics of [freed] gao products .

The Commission afforded interested persons the opportunity to comment on the proposed rule , and the Commission 's Report and Order adopted on May 9 , 1996 , and released May 14 , 1996 , addresses these comments .
the commission afforded interested persons the opportunity to comment on the proposed rule , and the commission 's report and order adopted on may 9 , 1996 , and [freed] may 14 , 1996 , addresses these comments .

Functions Where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , select important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) Design features Site selected : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports Pitfalls Temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site selection only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings released as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that initial findings are confirmed rather than tested Some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .
functions where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , select important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) design features site selected : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports pitfalls temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site selection only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings [freed] as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that initial findings are confirmed rather than tested some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .

The Consumer Federation of America and Primerica , on October 28 , 1999 , released results of the public opinion survey conducted by Opinion Research Corporation International .
the consumer federation of america and primerica , on october 28 , 1999 , [freed] results of the public opinion survey conducted by opinion research corporation international .

For example , computers and related equipment have an estimated annual depreciation rate of 31 percent,7 and new versions of software applications are released every few years .
for example , computers and related equipment have an estimated annual depreciation rate of 31 percent,7 and new versions of software applications are [freed] every few years .

Before applying technology to its data dissemination efforts , the Bureau released massive amounts of data in printed reports .
before applying technology to its data dissemination efforts , the bureau [freed] massive amounts of data in printed reports .

After circulation for comment to all stakeholders , including county governments ( the third largest source of legal services funding in the state ) , local pro bono committees , local bar associations and Area Agencies on Aging , the Oversight Committee released the draft plan for public comment in late December 2000 .
after circulation for comment to all stakeholders , including county governments ( the third largest source of legal services funding in the state ) , local pro bono committees , local bar associations and area agencies on aging , the oversight committee [freed] the draft plan for public comment in late december 2000 .

In March of 2001 , LSC released Building State Justice Communities : a State Planning Report from the Legal Services Corporation .
in march of 2001 , lsc [freed] building state justice communities : a state planning report from the legal services corporation .

A Special Report to Congress on State Planning and Reconfiguration was released late in the year , along with the LSC Board Taskforce Report on Configuration , adopted by the LSC Board of Directors in November .
a special report to congress on state planning and reconfiguration was [freed] late in the year , along with the lsc board taskforce report on configuration , adopted by the lsc board of directors in november .

Background Responding to an earlier Congressional request , the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) released a detailed study reviewing the effects of a so-called `` three pollutant '' strategy in December 2000 ( Energy Information Administration , 2000 ) .
background responding to an earlier congressional request , the energy information administration ( eia ) [freed] a detailed study reviewing the effects of a so-called `` three pollutant '' strategy in december 2000 ( energy information administration , 2000 ) .

At about the same time , five of the nation 's national energy laboratories released an extensive review of some 50 different policy options that might achieve cost-effective reductions of both air pollutants and carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) emissions .
at about the same time , five of the nation 's national energy laboratories [freed] an extensive review of some 50 different policy options that might achieve cost-effective reductions of both air pollutants and carbon dioxide ( co2 ) emissions .

Even if preliminary engineering and contract negotiation took as long as six to eight months , the total time for completing two 900 MWe units would be about 17 to 19 months.21 For the New Madrid plant , units 1 & 2 ( 600 MWe each ) , the specifications were released to turnkey contractors in February 1998 , the project specification was released in March 1998 , the contract was awarded on June 26 , 1998 , and the first unit was in operation by February 2000 .
even if preliminary engineering and contract negotiation took as long as six to eight months , the total time for completing two 900 mwe units would be about 17 to 19 months.21 for the new madrid plant , units 1 & 2 ( 600 mwe each ) , the specifications were [freed] to turnkey contractors in february 1998 , the project specification was [freed] in march 1998 , the contract was awarded on june 26 , 1998 , and the first unit was in operation by february 2000 .

INTRODUCTION Background The Need for Multi-pollutant Legislation In the United States , power generation is responsible for 63 % of sulfur dioxide ( SO2 ) , 22 % of nitrogen oxides ( NOx ) , and 37 % of man-made mercury released to the environment .
introduction background the need for multi-pollutant legislation in the united states , power generation is responsible for 63 % of sulfur dioxide ( so2 ) , 22 % of nitrogen oxides ( nox ) , and 37 % of man-made mercury [freed] to the environment .

Once released , these pollutants together with their atmospheric transformation products ( e.g .
once [freed] , these pollutants together with their atmospheric transformation products ( e.g .

After discovery of the photos in 2002 , Rashid turned himself in to the Saudi authorities , but he has since been released from custody .
after discovery of the photos in 2002 , rashid turned himself in to the saudi authorities , but he has since been [freed] from custody .

Moreover , the most controversial release that specifically declared the air safe to breathe was released after the markets had already reopened .
moreover , the most controversial release that specifically declared the air safe to breathe was [freed] after the markets had already reopened .

Some of those remanded to the Marshals Service were held as material witnesses , and individuals were released `` on bond '' only after they were `` cleared '' by the FBI of any connection to 9/11 .
some of those remanded to the marshals service were held as material witnesses , and individuals were [freed] `` on bond '' only after they were `` cleared '' by the fbi of any connection to 9/11 .

The al Qaeda letter was released in conjunction with the release of an audio message from Bin Ladin himself .
the al qaeda letter was [freed] in conjunction with the release of an audio message from bin ladin himself .

The man was released after a few days in jail and , assisted by the local Saudi consulate , had returned to Saudi Arabia .
the man was [freed] after a few days in jail and , assisted by the local saudi consulate , had returned to saudi arabia .

The interval had seen the news from Tokyo in March that a doomsday cult , Aum Shinrikyo , had released sarin nerve gas in a subway , killing 12 and injuring thousands .
the interval had seen the news from tokyo in march that a doomsday cult , aum shinrikyo , had [freed] sarin nerve gas in a subway , killing 12 and injuring thousands .

Al Qaeda also released a new recruitment and fund-raising tape .
al qaeda also [freed] a new recruitment and fund-raising tape .

Although the FAA had authority to issue security directives mandating new security procedures , none of the few that were released during the summer of 2001 increased security at checkpoints or on board aircraft .
although the faa had authority to issue security directives mandating new security procedures , none of the few that were [freed] during the summer of 2001 increased security at checkpoints or on board aircraft .

Records indicate that 531 were deported , 162 were released on bond , 24 received some kind of immigration benefits , 12 had their proceedings terminated , and 8-one of whom was Moussaoui-were remanded to the custody of the U.S .
records indicate that 531 were deported , 162 were [freed] on bond , 24 received some kind of immigration benefits , 12 had their proceedings terminated , and 8-one of whom was moussaoui-were remanded to the custody of the u.s .

He was released pending a hearing , which he failed to attend .
he was [freed] pending a hearing , which he failed to attend .

He was arrested again , released again , and given another hearing date .
he was arrested again , [freed] again , and given another hearing date .

He was released pending a hearing , which was adjourned and rescheduled five times .
he was [freed] pending a hearing , which was adjourned and rescheduled five times .

The Justice Department released a statement on the alert the same day .
the justice department [freed] a statement on the alert the same day .

Khallad was released sometime during the summer of 1999 , after his father and Bin Ladin intervened on his behalf .
khallad was [freed] sometime during the summer of 1999 , after his father and bin ladin intervened on his behalf .

Khallad 's brother reportedly has confirmed that Khallad was released from custody only after negotiations with the Yemeni director for political security in which a deal was struck prohibiting Khallad and his associates from conducting operations in Yemen .
khallad 's brother reportedly has confirmed that khallad was [freed] from custody only after negotiations with the yemeni director for political security in which a deal was struck prohibiting khallad and his associates from conducting operations in yemen .

The officials also noticed the religious tapes and books Jarrah had in his possession , but released him after he pointed out that he had lived in Hamburg for a number of years and was studying aircraft construction there .
the officials also noticed the religious tapes and books jarrah had in his possession , but [freed] him after he pointed out that he had lived in hamburg for a number of years and was studying aircraft construction there .

Through counsel , Abdullah refused to be interviewed unless he was released from custody .
through counsel , abdullah refused to be interviewed unless he was [freed] from custody .

The Pan American plane landed in Cairo and was blown up after its passengers were released .
the pan american plane landed in cairo and was blown up after its passengers were [freed] .

Before the scheme started in 2000 , only around 50 turtles were being released from nets each year .
before the scheme started in 2000 , only around 50 turtles were being [freed] from nets each year .

Amyloid deposits are composed of the amyloid-β peptide ( Aβ ) , a 4-kDa peptide released during “ amyloidogenic ” proteolytic processing of the Alzheimer Aβ precursor protein ( APP ) [ 2 ] .
amyloid deposits are composed of the amyloid-β peptide ( aβ ) , a 4-kda peptide [freed] during “ amyloidogenic ” proteolytic processing of the alzheimer aβ precursor protein ( app ) [ 2 ] .

Fold increases in released sAPP α in the same experiments were approximately 3- to 4-fold ( 2.0 arbitrary units versus 5.5–8.0 arbitrary units at 120 min for atorvastatin and simvastatin , respectively ) .
fold increases in [freed] sapp α in the same experiments were approximately 3- to 4-fold ( 2.0 arbitrary units versus 5.5–8.0 arbitrary units at 120 min for atorvastatin and simvastatin , respectively ) .

More recent evidence suggests that released APP derivatives modulate efficacy of neurotransmission at the synapse [ 53 ] .
more recent evidence suggests that [freed] app derivatives modulate efficacy of neurotransmission at the synapse [ 53 ] .

Supernatants were then harvested for enzyme-linked immunosorption assay ( ELISA ) –based quantification of released insulin .
supernatants were then harvested for enzyme-linked immunosorption assay ( elisa ) –based quantification of [freed] insulin .

Moreover , IPCs transplanted into mice remained differentiated and released circulating human insulin in a glucose-dependent manner .
moreover , ipcs transplanted into mice remained differentiated and [freed] circulating human insulin in a glucose-dependent manner .

Cells also encounter elevated levels of these reactive oxygen species when they are released by animals , plants , and insects as a defense against detrimental organisms such as microbial pathogens .
cells also encounter elevated levels of these reactive oxygen species when they are [freed] by animals , plants , and insects as a defense against detrimental organisms such as microbial pathogens .

For these proteins , the cysteine residues , which form intramolecular disulfide bonds , are in a reduced state when coordinated to a zinc ion ( Zn 2+ ) , and zinc is released upon oxidation of the thiols .
for these proteins , the cysteine residues , which form intramolecular disulfide bonds , are in a reduced state when coordinated to a zinc ion ( zn 2+ ) , and zinc is [freed] upon oxidation of the thiols .

In principle , deubiquitination could be used for ( 1 ) recycling of ubiquitin , ( 2 ) abetting degradation by removal of the tightly folded highly stable globular ubiquitin domain , or ( 3 ) mitigating degradation by removal of the ubiquitin anchor , without which the substrate is easily released and rescued .
in principle , deubiquitination could be used for ( 1 ) recycling of ubiquitin , ( 2 ) abetting degradation by removal of the tightly folded highly stable globular ubiquitin domain , or ( 3 ) mitigating degradation by removal of the ubiquitin anchor , without which the substrate is easily [freed] and rescued .

During the breeding season , from December to March , embryos are released in the upper water column , and the larvae hatch at depths ranging from 400 meters to 1,500 meters , unlike many fish and other invertebrate larvae , which hatch at the surface .
during the breeding season , from december to march , embryos are [freed] in the upper water column , and the larvae hatch at depths ranging from 400 meters to 1,500 meters , unlike many fish and other invertebrate larvae , which hatch at the surface .

As public fear rose of possible CWD transmission to humans who eat infected venison , the United States ' Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) released a report last year of its investigation into several deaths among venison eaters who might have had a TSE .
as public fear rose of possible cwd transmission to humans who eat infected venison , the united states ' centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) [freed] a report last year of its investigation into several deaths among venison eaters who might have had a tse .

In Indonesia , wildfires that burned for months during 1997–1998 were later estimated to have released the equivalent to 13 % –40 % of annual global carbon emissions from fossil fuels , inflicting smoke-related ailments on thousands .
in indonesia , wildfires that burned for months during 1997–1998 were later estimated to have [freed] the equivalent to 13 % –40 % of annual global carbon emissions from fossil fuels , inflicting smoke-related ailments on thousands .

If canalization breaks down due to genetic or environmental circumstances , then the stored genetic variation will be released , providing an additional substrate for natural selection .
if canalization breaks down due to genetic or environmental circumstances , then the stored genetic variation will be [freed] , providing an additional substrate for natural selection .

Calcium released via ryanodine receptors is completely sufficient to activate muscle contractions , and the effects are immediate ( within milliseconds ) .
calcium [freed] via ryanodine receptors is completely sufficient to activate muscle contractions , and the effects are immediate ( within milliseconds ) .

In the “ Gas Exchange ” experiment , a burst of oxygen was released when the soil was exposed to water .
in the “ gas exchange ” experiment , a burst of oxygen was [freed] when the soil was exposed to water .

The “ Labeled Release ” experiment showed that organic material was consumed , and that carbon dioxide was released concomitantly .
the “ labeled release ” experiment showed that organic material was consumed , and that carbon dioxide was [freed] concomitantly .

Furthermore , Gruss released a legal opinion in March that advised how an ERC need not be an executive agency of the Commission , as many scientists had feared it would have to be under the terms of the EU Treaty , but could be established as an independent and autonomous body .
furthermore , gruss [freed] a legal opinion in march that advised how an erc need not be an executive agency of the commission , as many scientists had feared it would have to be under the terms of the eu treaty , but could be established as an independent and autonomous body .

A recent study by the same team measured PfHRP2 in P. falciparum cultures , and showed that approximately 89 % of PfHRP2 is liberated at schizont rupture and that the variation in the amount released is limited .
a recent study by the same team measured pfhrp2 in p. falciparum cultures , and showed that approximately 89 % of pfhrp2 is liberated at schizont rupture and that the variation in the amount [freed] is limited .

The graph just mentioned amply illustrates how much wealth will be released by this .
the graph just mentioned amply illustrates how much wealth will be [freed] by this .

Erwin Chargaff had recently shown that in the base composition of all DNAs examined , adenines and thymines as well as guanines and cytosines are equal , i.e. , A = T and G = C. Released from the ban on DNA studies , Watson and Crick engaged in a frantic search using model building .
erwin chargaff had recently shown that in the base composition of all dnas examined , adenines and thymines as well as guanines and cytosines are equal , i.e. , a = t and g = c. [freed] from the ban on dna studies , watson and crick engaged in a frantic search using model building .

Namcs and NHAMCS data released after 2002 will help determine whether the noted declines are due to random fluctuations in data reporting .
namcs and nhamcs data [freed] after 2002 will help determine whether the noted declines are due to random fluctuations in data reporting .

March 17 , 2000 Name Address City , ST , Zip Dear Name : When Jerry was released from prison , he knew it would take hard work and determination to straighten out his life .
march 17 , 2000 name address city , st , zip dear name : when jerry was [freed] from prison , he knew it would take hard work and determination to straighten out his life .

A New Year 's Grasping for the Politics and Jouissance of Jefferson Airplane 's Volunteers , released Nov ( ? )
a new year 's grasping for the politics and jouissance of jefferson airplane 's volunteers , [freed] nov ( ? )

BOGOTÁ , Colombia , Sept. 17 - The United Nations said today that American-financed aerial eradication of Colombia 's vast coca fields is starting to pay big dividends and released estimates that show the size of the crop dropping by 32 percent in the first seven months of the year .
bogotá , colombia , sept. 17 - the united nations said today that american-financed aerial eradication of colombia 's vast coca fields is starting to pay big dividends and [freed] estimates that show the size of the crop dropping by 32 percent in the first seven months of the year .

Recently released and decoded , the papers indicate a leading role for Rheinfahrt in the armed resistance to the Nazis within Germany .
recently [freed] and decoded , the papers indicate a leading role for rheinfahrt in the armed resistance to the nazis within germany .

He is quoted as saying that more inmates will be released as a result , that criminal charges will be filed against some cops , and that the whole thing will take years to resolve .
he is quoted as saying that more inmates will be [freed] as a result , that criminal charges will be filed against some cops , and that the whole thing will take years to resolve .

The core issue is the network 's practice of demanding music companies give its MTV , M2 , and VH1 channels exclusive air rights to music videos when they are released , making it nearly impossible for rival music networks to enter the market .
the core issue is the network 's practice of demanding music companies give its mtv , m2 , and vh1 channels exclusive air rights to music videos when they are [freed] , making it nearly impossible for rival music networks to enter the market .

By the time most of you read this , the Producer Price Index for November will have been released , and if this month 's other economic statistics are any indication , the PPI will show only very mild inflationary pressure back up the producer pipeline .
by the time most of you read this , the producer price index for november will have been [freed] , and if this month 's other economic statistics are any indication , the ppi will show only very mild inflationary pressure back up the producer pipeline .

The reports will be released on Monday in Pristina .
the reports will be [freed] on monday in pristina .

The company raised the rear end of its mass-market Taurus four inches -- and raised sales 23 percent ( compared with a year earlier ) , according to figures released yesterday .
the company raised the rear end of its mass-market taurus four inches -- and raised sales 23 percent ( compared with a year earlier ) , according to figures [freed] yesterday .

The New York Times leads with a U.S. surgeon general 's report , to be released today , stating that although in any given year one in five Americans experiences a mental disorder and that half of all Americans do so at least once in the course of their lives , most never seek treatment .
the new york times leads with a u.s. surgeon general 's report , to be [freed] today , stating that although in any given year one in five americans experiences a mental disorder and that half of all americans do so at least once in the course of their lives , most never seek treatment .

In the wake of the huge success of Nirvana 's Nevermind , which was released in September of 1991 and stayed on the charts for more than a year , major record labels went on a band-signing spree , adding to their rosters any act that seemed to offer even the faintest possibility of being the next Nirvana .
in the wake of the huge success of nirvana 's nevermind , which was [freed] in september of 1991 and stayed on the charts for more than a year , major record labels went on a band-signing spree , adding to their rosters any act that seemed to offer even the faintest possibility of being the next nirvana .

USA Today goes with a study released yesterday showing that the insurance costs of businesses are rising -- at nearly three times the rate of inflation -- but because of the tight labor market , companies are absorbing most of the added costs .
usa today goes with a study [freed] yesterday showing that the insurance costs of businesses are rising -- at nearly three times the rate of inflation -- but because of the tight labor market , companies are absorbing most of the added costs .

Oldman , barking out the hysterical howls that serve as lingua franca for all cinema terrorists , calls the White House and tells Vice President Kathryn Bennett ( Glenn Close ) that he 'll kill one hostage every half hour until Radek is released .
oldman , barking out the hysterical howls that serve as lingua franca for all cinema terrorists , calls the white house and tells vice president kathryn bennett ( glenn close ) that he 'll kill one hostage every half hour until radek is [freed] .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the story that preoccupies everyone 's front : the latest act in the Lewinsky circus , namely the 4610 pages of evidence released yesterday by the House Judiciary Committee .
the los angeles times leads with the story that preoccupies everyone 's front : the latest act in the lewinsky circus , namely the 4610 pages of evidence [freed] yesterday by the house judiciary committee .

According to a Census Bureau report released Thursday , income for the average household has risen since 1996 ( outstripping inflation by a rate of nearly 2:1 ) , and the poverty rate has declined .
according to a census bureau report [freed] thursday , income for the average household has risen since 1996 ( outstripping inflation by a rate of nearly 2:1 ) , and the poverty rate has declined .

President Clinton , in a televised speech shortly after the strikes were announced , appealed to a UN report released earlier in the week that documented Iraq 's systematic obstruction of the UN 's weapons inspection efforts in violation of promises it made last month , a report that was the NYT 's off-lead yesterday , and was below the fold at USAT , but was inside elsewhere .
president clinton , in a televised speech shortly after the strikes were announced , appealed to a un report [freed] earlier in the week that documented iraq 's systematic obstruction of the un 's weapons inspection efforts in violation of promises it made last month , a report that was the nyt 's off-lead yesterday , and was below the fold at usat , but was inside elsewhere .

Both the NYT and WP report that , according to a study released yesterday , 1.4 million black men -- 13 percent of all black men -- are ineligible to vote in the election next month because of a felony conviction .
both the nyt and wp report that , according to a study [freed] yesterday , 1.4 million black men -- 13 percent of all black men -- are ineligible to vote in the election next month because of a felony conviction .

The data , released by the Commerce Department Friday , is treated by all with a blend of optimism and caution .
the data , [freed] by the commerce department friday , is treated by all with a blend of optimism and caution .

As all papers report inside , documents released yesterday show that on September 25 the Lewinsky grand jury judge ordered a special investigation of Kenneth Starr 's office for leak violations .
as all papers report inside , documents [freed] yesterday show that on september 25 the lewinsky grand jury judge ordered a special investigation of kenneth starr 's office for leak violations .

USAT also notes that in the direct testimony of Netscape CEO James Barksdale released Monday , Barksdale claims Microsoft used threats and bribes to get various PC manufacturers and Internet service providers to go with MS ' browser .
usat also notes that in the direct testimony of netscape ceo james barksdale [freed] monday , barksdale claims microsoft used threats and bribes to get various pc manufacturers and internet service providers to go with ms ' browser .

Edited versions of the taped conversations between Linda Tripp and Monica Lewinsky will also be released sometime thereafter .
edited versions of the taped conversations between linda tripp and monica lewinsky will also be [freed] sometime thereafter .

The article 's main source is newly released State Department documents about U.S. policy toward China under President Lyndon Johnson .
the article 's main source is newly [freed] state department documents about u.s. policy toward china under president lyndon johnson .

The deal was almost derailed at sunrise yesterday , when Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu threatened not to sign the accord unless the U.S. released Jonathon Pollard , a well-known spy for Israel .
the deal was almost derailed at sunrise yesterday , when israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu threatened not to sign the accord unless the u.s. [freed] jonathon pollard , a well-known spy for israel .

On Monday , they had threatened to kill two passengers at a time until India released an imprisoned Kashmiri separatist and Muslim leader .
on monday , they had threatened to kill two passengers at a time until india [freed] an imprisoned kashmiri separatist and muslim leader .

The hijackers claim to have killed four passengers , but so far they 've released only one corpse , along with three men , nine women , and 13 children .
the hijackers claim to have killed four passengers , but so far they 've [freed] only one corpse , along with three men , nine women , and 13 children .

The WP and NYT report inside that Al Gore released a summary of his medical records yesterday , which indicate he 's in `` outstanding overall health for a 51-year-old man . ''
the wp and nyt report inside that al gore [freed] a summary of his medical records yesterday , which indicate he 's in `` outstanding overall health for a 51-year-old man . ''

Director George Lucas tells Vanity Fair that he will make only six Star Wars movies -- the three that have already been released and the three that precede them .
director george lucas tells vanity fair that he will make only six star wars movies -- the three that have already been [freed] and the three that precede them .

They contend that the so-called Venona intercepts , a few of which have been released , show definitively not only that Alger Hiss and the Rosenbergs were spies but also that there was far more Soviet string-pulling behind American Communism than anyone ever knew .
they contend that the so-called venona intercepts , a few of which have been [freed] , show definitively not only that alger hiss and the rosenbergs were spies but also that there was far more soviet string-pulling behind american communism than anyone ever knew .

Answer these questions based on a just released study of prime-time network TV conducted by George Gerbner of Temple University for the Screen Actors Guild and noticed by Adam Bonin .
answer these questions based on a just [freed] study of prime-time network tv conducted by george gerbner of temple university for the screen actors guild and noticed by adam bonin .

Hours after the Times story was released , Sen. Charles Schumer , D-N.Y. , declared on Meet the Press , `` Ken Starr is once again running amok . ''
hours after the times story was [freed] , sen. charles schumer , d-n.y. , declared on meet the press , `` ken starr is once again running amok . ''

Monday , the National Security Archive at George Washington University released a book of previously top secret transcripts of Henry Kissinger 's meetings with Chinese and Soviet leaders .
monday , the national security archive at george washington university [freed] a book of previously top secret transcripts of henry kissinger 's meetings with chinese and soviet leaders .

The editorial assesses the recently released White House budget : It unwisely sacrifices long-worked-for tax reforms in favor of the president 's immediate social spending priorities .
the editorial assesses the recently [freed] white house budget : it unwisely sacrifices long-worked-for tax reforms in favor of the president 's immediate social spending priorities .

In an affidavit paid for and released by Flynt , Barr 's ex-wife accuses Barr of having an affair with another woman , whom he has since married .
in an affidavit paid for and [freed] by flynt , barr 's ex-wife accuses barr of having an affair with another woman , whom he has since married .

This was his story until 1992 , when Walsh released notes taken by Weinberger at the meeting , recording that `` VP approves '' of the policy Bush claimed to be both ignorant of and disturbed by .
this was his story until 1992 , when walsh [freed] notes taken by weinberger at the meeting , recording that `` vp approves '' of the policy bush claimed to be both ignorant of and disturbed by .

The Advisory Council on Social Security released its prescriptions for the trust fund 's solvency problems .
the advisory council on social security [freed] its prescriptions for the trust fund 's solvency problems .

President Clinton officially released his 1998 budget .
president clinton officially [freed] his 1998 budget .

The 1950s nostalgia film , panned when it was released in 1978 , fares better on re-release as a 1970s nostalgia film .
the 1950s nostalgia film , panned when it was [freed] in 1978 , fares better on re-release as a 1970s nostalgia film .

The only film released on Labor Day weekend , the latest Jean-Claude Van Damme vehicle is trashed for its preposterous plot : The Russian mafia has put miniature bombs in the buttons of jeans in order to blackmail the world .
the only film [freed] on labor day weekend , the latest jean-claude van damme vehicle is trashed for its preposterous plot : the russian mafia has put miniature bombs in the buttons of jeans in order to blackmail the world .

One juicy discovery : Lundwall apparently released the tapes of the now-infamous `` jelly bean '' meeting to punish Texaco for downsizing him .
one juicy discovery : lundwall apparently [freed] the tapes of the now-infamous `` jelly bean '' meeting to punish texaco for downsizing him .

High praise goes to Daniel Day-Lewis for his portrayal of a washed-up boxer and former IRA member just released from prison .
high praise goes to daniel day-lewis for his portrayal of a washed-up boxer and former ira member just [freed] from prison .

They applaud his stylistic flourishes ( collage shots , freeze frames ) , his self-deprecating humor , and audacious premise -- a newly released prisoner kidnaps a teen tap dancer ( Christina Ricci ) to be his fake wife .
they applaud his stylistic flourishes ( collage shots , freeze frames ) , his self-deprecating humor , and audacious premise -- a newly [freed] prisoner kidnaps a teen tap dancer ( christina ricci ) to be his fake wife .

The Clinton administration released documents showing that the National Security Council had warned the White House against consorting with shady characters who have since become infamous in the Democratic campaign-finance scandal .
the clinton administration [freed] documents showing that the national security council had warned the white house against consorting with shady characters who have since become infamous in the democratic campaign-finance scandal .

Parris Glendening and his wife , Frances , released a statement that began : `` Early this morning , we received a call that every parent dreads . ''
parris glendening and his wife , frances , [freed] a statement that began : `` early this morning , we received a call that every parent dreads . ''

They will be released once they make written confessions and promise to leave the sect , according to a Chinese government source .
they will be [freed] once they make written confessions and promise to leave the sect , according to a chinese government source .

Space Imaging Inc. of Thornton , Ohio , released a photo taken by a satellite 400 miles above Washington , D.C .
space imaging inc. of thornton , ohio , [freed] a photo taken by a satellite 400 miles above washington , d.c .

In an interview , Kevin Costner laments Hollywood commercialism and gripes that Universal butchered his soon-to-be released For Love of the Game .
in an interview , kevin costner laments hollywood commercialism and gripes that universal butchered his soon-to-be [freed] for love of the game .

Below , a comparison of the newly taboo ferret and the just released Wild Wild West .
below , a comparison of the newly taboo ferret and the just [freed] wild wild west .

When all the heavyweight bad guys are dead or in jail ( and his celebrity endorsements dry up ) , he contrives to have one of his old nemeses , Casanova Frankenstein ( Geoffrey Rush ) released from the insane asylum -- a bad move , as it turns out , since Amazing has got rusty and Frankenstein has had plenty of time to hatch a diabolical scheme .
when all the heavyweight bad guys are dead or in jail ( and his celebrity endorsements dry up ) , he contrives to have one of his old nemeses , casanova frankenstein ( geoffrey rush ) [freed] from the insane asylum -- a bad move , as it turns out , since amazing has got rusty and frankenstein has had plenty of time to hatch a diabolical scheme .

He had been apprehended in June by INS agents for trying to enter the U.S. illegally , but had then been released , allegedly because the agents had no information on his record or his warrants .
he had been apprehended in june by ins agents for trying to enter the u.s. illegally , but had then been [freed] , allegedly because the agents had no information on his record or his warrants .

The former secretary of state has just released Years of Renewal , a 1,079-page behemoth about his service to President Ford .
the former secretary of state has just [freed] years of renewal , a 1,079-page behemoth about his service to president ford .

Although the demands were not met , the 89 hostages taken at the embassy were released unharmed , and the gunmen were allowed to escape .
although the demands were not met , the 89 hostages taken at the embassy were [freed] unharmed , and the gunmen were allowed to escape .

Parris Glendening and his wife , Frances , released a statement that began : `` Early this morning , we received a call that every parent dreads . ''
parris glendening and his wife , frances , [freed] a statement that began : `` early this morning , we received a call that every parent dreads . ''

The last figure the Gore campaign released was $ 85,000 online out of more than $ 25 million .
the last figure the gore campaign [freed] was $ 85,000 online out of more than $ 25 million .

The recently released Dick portrays the president , as Stephen Holden wrote in the New York Times , `` with his hunched shoulders , darting paranoid gaze and crocodile grimace ... the quivering , skulking embodiment of a single word : guilty . ''
the recently [freed] dick portrays the president , as stephen holden wrote in the new york times , `` with his hunched shoulders , darting paranoid gaze and crocodile grimace ... the quivering , skulking embodiment of a single word : guilty . ''

One early commercial hypermedia product was HyperCard , released with the Macintosh computer in 1987 .
one early commercial hypermedia product was hypercard , [freed] with the macintosh computer in 1987 .

Human Rights in China , a New York-based group started by Chinese academics , offers a comprehensive site with links to a site for Wang Dan , the Tiananmen Square activist who was released from a long stint in prison only this spring .
human rights in china , a new york-based group started by chinese academics , offers a comprehensive site with links to a site for wang dan , the tiananmen square activist who was [freed] from a long stint in prison only this spring .

Four centuries later , partly due to new scholarship about the Jewish roots of the sacrament , a panel of Anglican and Catholic theologians released an `` Agreed Statement on Eucharistic Doctrine . ''
four centuries later , partly due to new scholarship about the jewish roots of the sacrament , a panel of anglican and catholic theologians [freed] an `` agreed statement on eucharistic doctrine . ''

Outlook 97 went through several thousand builds before it was released , each build bringing us infinitesimally closer to perfection .
outlook 97 went through several thousand builds before it was [freed] , each build bringing us infinitesimally closer to perfection .

By the time Outlook 97 was released in November 1997 , I suspect I was intimate with every one of its known issues .
by the time outlook 97 was [freed] in november 1997 , i suspect i was intimate with every one of its known issues .

Metabolife International Inc. says that after discovering the Web site of ABC interviewer Arnold Diaz ( titled `` Schemes , Scams , and Savin ' a Buck '' ) , it began to suspect that ABC 's report will be unfair to its product , so it released the entire interview on the Internet as part of a counteroffensive .
metabolife international inc. says that after discovering the web site of abc interviewer arnold diaz ( titled `` schemes , scams , and savin ' a buck '' ) , it began to suspect that abc 's report will be unfair to its product , so it [freed] the entire interview on the internet as part of a counteroffensive .

Today , Bradley actually released his proposal for a health plan for the uninsured .
today , bradley actually [freed] his proposal for a health plan for the uninsured .

That scandal , you may remember , featured the elder Bush secretly flying not to Houston but to Paris in October 1980 to cut a deal with the Iranian mullahs so that the American hostages would not be released before Election Day -- thus , according to the theory , ensuring Ronald Reagan 's victory over Jimmy Carter .
that scandal , you may remember , featured the elder bush secretly flying not to houston but to paris in october 1980 to cut a deal with the iranian mullahs so that the american hostages would not be [freed] before election day -- thus , according to the theory , ensuring ronald reagan 's victory over jimmy carter .

USAT and the LAT front stories about the latest FBI crime statistics , released yesterday .
usat and the lat front stories about the latest fbi crime statistics , [freed] yesterday .

It was n't until I released two massive belches ( each smelling strongly of false banana ) that I was able to settle into the run and feel halfway normal .
it was n't until i [freed] two massive belches ( each smelling strongly of false banana ) that i was able to settle into the run and feel halfway normal .

In a novel released this week , Chewbacca , the lovable Star Wars Wookiee , perishes when a moon collides with a planet he was trying to save .
in a novel [freed] this week , chewbacca , the lovable star wars wookiee , perishes when a moon collides with a planet he was trying to save .

The LAT fronts , while the WP and NYT run inside , a report released today by the Rand Corp. , at the behest of the government , which says an experimental anti-nerve gas medication given to up to 300,000 U.S. troops during the Gulf War may be the cause of the host of mysterious chronic illnesses afflicting tens of thousands of Gulf veterans .
the lat fronts , while the wp and nyt run inside , a report [freed] today by the rand corp. , at the behest of the government , which says an experimental anti-nerve gas medication given to up to 300,000 u.s. troops during the gulf war may be the cause of the host of mysterious chronic illnesses afflicting tens of thousands of gulf veterans .

Second , I did urge that the study 's conclusions be modified -- six months before it was released to the public .
second , i did urge that the study 's conclusions be modified -- six months before it was [freed] to the public .

In 1984 , when the Macintosh was released , Microsoft was dwarfed by both its hardware-selling clients and the vendors of popular applications .
in 1984 , when the macintosh was [freed] , microsoft was dwarfed by both its hardware-selling clients and the vendors of popular applications .

Warner Bros. took the unprecedented step last week of refusing to let reviewers see The Avengers before it was released .
warner bros. took the unprecedented step last week of refusing to let reviewers see the avengers before it was [freed] .

I should note , though , that the recent federal court decision in Shea vs. Reno ( released after Godwin and Abelson 's letter was written ) rejected such a distinction -- whether rightly or wrongly -- in the closely related context of a vagueness analysis .
i should note , though , that the recent federal court decision in shea vs. reno ( [freed] after godwin and abelson 's letter was written ) rejected such a distinction -- whether rightly or wrongly -- in the closely related context of a vagueness analysis .

The day before his brother is due to be released from prison , the now-skinheaded Danny responds to a high-school assignment to write an essay about a civil rights leader with a paper on Hitler 's Mein Kampf .
the day before his brother is due to be [freed] from prison , the now-skinheaded danny responds to a high-school assignment to write an essay about a civil rights leader with a paper on hitler 's mein kampf .

The picture reportedly ended with a shot of black smoke coming out of the stack -- but we 'll never know because The Day the Clown Cried was judged too obscene to be released , and Lewis went back to parading doomed kids across the TV screen in telethons , while Americans goggled at his stamina , and senators nominated him for the Nobel Peace Prize .
the picture reportedly ended with a shot of black smoke coming out of the stack -- but we 'll never know because the day the clown cried was judged too obscene to be [freed] , and lewis went back to parading doomed kids across the tv screen in telethons , while americans goggled at his stamina , and senators nominated him for the nobel peace prize .

These recordings , which Dylan made with The Band in 1967 in Woodstock , N.Y. , circulated clandestinely until Columbia finally released a two LP selection in 1975 .
these recordings , which dylan made with the band in 1967 in woodstock , n.y. , circulated clandestinely until columbia finally [freed] a two lp selection in 1975 .

On Bob Dylan : The Bootleg Series , Volumes 1-3 , which Columbia released in 1991 , you can hear the best of those that did n't make it .
on bob dylan : the bootleg series , volumes 1-3 , which columbia [freed] in 1991 , you can hear the best of those that did n't make it .

The second half of the concert begins with a rousing song called `` , '' which Dylan never released on record , and which , after you 've listened to the acoustic side , is like watching a black-and-white movie turn to color .
the second half of the concert begins with a rousing song called `` , '' which dylan never [freed] on record , and which , after you 've listened to the acoustic side , is like watching a black-and-white movie turn to color .

They have released a joint statement denying any involvement with Charles : Victim or Villain ?
they have [freed] a joint statement denying any involvement with charles : victim or villain ?

The photos were released by Bill Ballance , 80 , a former radio talk show host who says he and Schlessinger were once lovers , who , in his memorable phrase , used to thrash around `` like a couple of crazed weasels . ''
the photos were [freed] by bill ballance , 80 , a former radio talk show host who says he and schlessinger were once lovers , who , in his memorable phrase , used to thrash around `` like a couple of crazed weasels . ''

The bootleg recording is not like the standard pop album ; it is by nature released mainly for the die-hard fan or collector , and while there is a great deal of dross to sort through , there are a lot of wonderful moments if you take the time to find them .
the bootleg recording is not like the standard pop album ; it is by nature [freed] mainly for the die-hard fan or collector , and while there is a great deal of dross to sort through , there are a lot of wonderful moments if you take the time to find them .

You 've argued strenuously that neither you nor Mr. Bennett released any information pertaining to grand jury proceedings .
you 've argued strenuously that neither you nor mr. bennett [freed] any information pertaining to grand jury proceedings .

In an acid reference to the Lewinsky cover-up , a confidant of Netanyahu 's suggested that Clinton , after initially saying that Pollard `` is going to be released , '' had taken refuge in `` a dispute about the word 'is . '
in an acid reference to the lewinsky cover-up , a confidant of netanyahu 's suggested that clinton , after initially saying that pollard `` is going to be [freed] , '' had taken refuge in `` a dispute about the word 'is . '

Once Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr released his oversexed report and Republicans in Congress began parlaying it into impeachment proceedings , the question changed to `` Should he be impeached ? ''
once independent counsel kenneth starr [freed] his oversexed report and republicans in congress began parlaying it into impeachment proceedings , the question changed to `` should he be impeached ? ''

That the background material he sent to Congress has been released , the press has become interested in whether Linda Tripp doctored her tapes and whether Starr 's agents and prosecutors improperly detained Lewinsky or misrepresented their treatment of her in the Jan. 16 sting .
that the background material he sent to congress has been [freed] , the press has become interested in whether linda tripp doctored her tapes and whether starr 's agents and prosecutors improperly detained lewinsky or misrepresented their treatment of her in the jan. 16 sting .

Vice President Gore made scores of fund-raising calls from the White House , according to newly released documents .
vice president gore made scores of fund-raising calls from the white house , according to newly [freed] documents .

Chinese dissident Wei Jingsheng was released from prison and exiled to the United States .
chinese dissident wei jingsheng was [freed] from prison and exiled to the united states .

In a letter released to the press , Hussein warned Netanyahu that he was provoking the Palestinians to violence and had exhausted Hussein 's good will .
in a letter [freed] to the press , hussein warned netanyahu that he was provoking the palestinians to violence and had exhausted hussein 's good will .

Democrats also released records showing that Vice President Dan Quayle had used his official residence for a reception for high-dollar Republican donors in 1990 .
democrats also [freed] records showing that vice president dan quayle had used his official residence for a reception for high-dollar republican donors in 1990 .

Other news on the scandal : 1 ) The New York Times reported that documents released by Harold Ickes show that the White House set explicit fund-raising targets for coffees with President Clinton .
other news on the scandal : 1 ) the new york times reported that documents [freed] by harold ickes show that the white house set explicit fund-raising targets for coffees with president clinton .

Good news : The Palestinian Authority released a Palestinian journalist who apparently had been locked up because his reports offended Yasser Arafat .
good news : the palestinian authority [freed] a palestinian journalist who apparently had been locked up because his reports offended yasser arafat .

The White House released videotapes of President Clinton 's coffees with political donors .
the white house [freed] videotapes of president clinton 's coffees with political donors .

Today , two days after the release of the UCLA and Berkeley numbers , the university president 's office released the figures for the entire UC system .
today , two days after the release of the ucla and berkeley numbers , the university president 's office [freed] the figures for the entire uc system .

Why could n't both sets of figures have been released on the same day ?
why could n't both sets of figures have been [freed] on the same day ?

Only in the fourth paragraph does education writer Kenneth Weiss note the `` figures released Thursday showing that blacks and Latinos systemwide did not fare as badly as they had at the university 's most competitive campuses . ''
only in the fourth paragraph does education writer kenneth weiss note the `` figures [freed] thursday showing that blacks and latinos systemwide did not fare as badly as they had at the university 's most competitive campuses . ''

The only other statement released by Currie 's lawyer contains a subtler Clintonism : Currie is not `` aware of any legal or ethical impropriety by anyone . ''
the only other statement [freed] by currie 's lawyer contains a subtler clintonism : currie is not `` aware of any legal or ethical impropriety by anyone . ''

The NYT does report that a second videotape , released yesterday , supports the government 's claim that the tear gas canisters did not penetrate the bunker , and that Sen. John D. Danforth , a Republican from Missouri , has agreed to lead Reno 's investigation into a possible FBI cover-up .
the nyt does report that a second videotape , [freed] yesterday , supports the government 's claim that the tear gas canisters did not penetrate the bunker , and that sen. john d. danforth , a republican from missouri , has agreed to lead reno 's investigation into a possible fbi cover-up .

The sticking point du jour is how many Palestinians in Israeli jails should be released .
the sticking point du jour is how many palestinians in israeli jails should be [freed] .

The Post and especially the LAT focus instead on wringing significance from the videotape released yesterday by the DOJ .
the post and especially the lat focus instead on wringing significance from the videotape [freed] yesterday by the doj .

A NYT front story reports that 11 Puerto Rican nationalists granted clemency by Clinton were released from prison yesterday .
a nyt front story reports that 11 puerto rican nationalists granted clemency by clinton were [freed] from prison yesterday .

One of the released prisoners , Ricardo Jimenez , appears on NBC 's Meet the Press .
one of the [freed] prisoners , ricardo jimenez , appears on nbc 's meet the press .

On CNN 's Capital Gang , Robert Novak speaks for many when he asks , `` Can you explain to me how a president who wants you to go to jail if you do n't have a trigger lock is going to say that these [ prisoners ] should be released , even though they were collecting arms ? ''
on cnn 's capital gang , robert novak speaks for many when he asks , `` can you explain to me how a president who wants you to go to jail if you do n't have a trigger lock is going to say that these [ prisoners ] should be [freed] , even though they were collecting arms ? ''

On Meet the Press , Tim Russert asks released Puerto Rican prisoner Ricardo Jimenez , `` If you in fact are part of an organ , in support of an organ , that sets off 130 bombs , is n't there a pretty strong possibility that innocent people are going to be hurt and killed ? ''
on meet the press , tim russert asks [freed] puerto rican prisoner ricardo jimenez , `` if you in fact are part of an organ , in support of an organ , that sets off 130 bombs , is n't there a pretty strong possibility that innocent people are going to be hurt and killed ? ''

His most heroic act of insubordination was declining to be released from maggot-infested captivity ahead of other POWs who were captured before he was -- an offer others accepted , in violation of military rules .
his most heroic act of insubordination was declining to be [freed] from maggot-infested captivity ahead of other pows who were captured before he was -- an offer others accepted , in violation of military rules .

Tip # 6 : Wait Until Yom Kippur , When They 're Weak From Hunger The WP reports that the Southern Baptist Church has this week released a pocket-sized prayer guide for its members that offers tips about how to evangelize Jews during their High Holy Days when , the Post explains , `` they are sensitized to spiritual matters . ''
tip # 6 : wait until yom kippur , when they 're weak from hunger the wp reports that the southern baptist church has this week [freed] a pocket-sized prayer guide for its members that offers tips about how to evangelize jews during their high holy days when , the post explains , `` they are sensitized to spiritual matters . ''

Critics predict that the Staten Island rap group 's 27-track double CD -- released along with Wu-Wear , a clothing line -- will mark a breakthrough for hip-hop , as both hype and art .
critics predict that the staten island rap group 's 27-track double cd -- [freed] along with wu-wear , a clothing line -- will mark a breakthrough for hip-hop , as both hype and art .

Entertainment Weekly 's Ken Tucker says it `` is superior to any domestic drama Hollywood has released in theaters in at least a decade . ''
entertainment weekly 's ken tucker says it `` is superior to any domestic drama hollywood has [freed] in theaters in at least a decade . ''

Kate Beckinsale 's Emma is judged superior to Gwyneth Paltrow 's in the movie released last year .
kate beckinsale 's emma is judged superior to gwyneth paltrow 's in the movie [freed] last year .

While it would be ridiculous to suggest that Roy incubated this book for the better part of five years and then released it to capitalize on India chic just as it crested , it is also true that she has played to that market in terms it understands and swallows whole .
while it would be ridiculous to suggest that roy incubated this book for the better part of five years and then [freed] it to capitalize on india chic just as it crested , it is also true that she has played to that market in terms it understands and swallows whole .

It has released flop after flop ( The Jackal , Primary Colors , Mercury Rising ) , and there is no relief on the horizon : Universal does n't have a summer blockbuster to compete with Godzilla and Armageddon .
it has [freed] flop after flop ( the jackal , primary colors , mercury rising ) , and there is no relief on the horizon : universal does n't have a summer blockbuster to compete with godzilla and armageddon .

No doubt to the annoyance and disbelief of day-care opponents , such as the Rockford Institute and the Center on the Family in America , a study newly released by the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development found that day care does not hinder a child 's intellectual development .
no doubt to the annoyance and disbelief of day-care opponents , such as the rockford institute and the center on the family in america , a study newly [freed] by the national institute of child health and human development found that day care does not hinder a child 's intellectual development .

Last year 's five Dimension films brought in nearly the same amount as the 20 art house films Miramax released .
last year 's five dimension films brought in nearly the same amount as the 20 art house films miramax [freed] .

Lawyers quoted from the tape , but it was not released to the public .
lawyers quoted from the tape , but it was not [freed] to the public .

Investors are cautiously optimistic , and although a Washington Post article says the Federal Reserve is unlikely to raise interest rates again this year , the other papers note that Wall Street will wait for October 's employment figures ( to be released Friday ) before reaching a conclusion .
investors are cautiously optimistic , and although a washington post article says the federal reserve is unlikely to raise interest rates again this year , the other papers note that wall street will wait for october 's employment figures ( to be [freed] friday ) before reaching a conclusion .

This statistic comes from the final report of President Clinton 's Year 2000 Conversion Council , to be released today .
this statistic comes from the final report of president clinton 's year 2000 conversion council , to be [freed] today .

As you know , when the marvelous Steerforth press brought out one of Dawn 's genuine masterpieces , originally released as The Tenth Moon , I asked them to call it Come Back to Sorrento , for that was Powell 's title -- and we know from her diaries that she was furious about the name her publishers had inflicted on her .
as you know , when the marvelous steerforth press brought out one of dawn 's genuine masterpieces , originally [freed] as the tenth moon , i asked them to call it come back to sorrento , for that was powell 's title -- and we know from her diaries that she was furious about the name her publishers had inflicted on her .

The U.S. Mint just released another new quarter and announced plans for a new dollar coin in early 2000 .
the u.s. mint just [freed] another new quarter and announced plans for a new dollar coin in early 2000 .

New quarters , with George Washington on the front and a state design on the back , are being released every 10 weeks in the order that the states ratified the Constitution ( click here for the release dates ) .
new quarters , with george washington on the front and a state design on the back , are being [freed] every 10 weeks in the order that the states ratified the constitution ( click here for the release dates ) .

The Wall Street Journal says that , in its final report on a 1997 Korean Airlines crash in Guam ( released yesterday ) , the NTSB lambasted the Federal Aviation Administration for not regulating foreign airlines enough .
the wall street journal says that , in its final report on a 1997 korean airlines crash in guam ( [freed] yesterday ) , the ntsb lambasted the federal aviation administration for not regulating foreign airlines enough .

A report released by a House Republican advisory group Wednesday made no mention of North Korea 's 1998 offer .
a report [freed] by a house republican advisory group wednesday made no mention of north korea 's 1998 offer .

Lawyers told the NYT that they can not remember another antitrust trial in which findings of fact were released before the actual verdict .
lawyers told the nyt that they can not remember another antitrust trial in which findings of fact were [freed] before the actual verdict .

In Mexico , criminals were released from prison in a general amnesty for plagiarists and other violators of intellectual-property rights .
in mexico , criminals were [freed] from prison in a general amnesty for plagiarists and other violators of intellectual-property rights .

He then spins this not especially supportive datum ( think how many fewer records were released in 1967 ) by saying how it should be compared not with the sales of the Beatles and the Rolling Stones but with those of minimalist composer La Monte Young , whose influence , via violist John Cale , the Velvets brought to rock ' n ' roll .
he then spins this not especially supportive datum ( think how many fewer records were [freed] in 1967 ) by saying how it should be compared not with the sales of the beatles and the rolling stones but with those of minimalist composer la monte young , whose influence , via violist john cale , the velvets brought to rock ' n ' roll .

A New York Times article briefly mentions that the longer document is currently in Israel and will be released this week .
a new york times article briefly mentions that the longer document is currently in israel and will be [freed] this week .

The document will be released in German , with commentary pointing out the narrative 's many inaccuracies .
the document will be [freed] in german , with commentary pointing out the narrative 's many inaccuracies .

Is it coincidence that the German newspaper Die Welt released the shorter 127-page memoir just days after Israel announced plans to release the longer version ?
is it coincidence that the german newspaper die welt [freed] the shorter 127-page memoir just days after israel announced plans to release the longer version ?

The editors at Die Welt surely knew their document would be worthless if released after the Israeli document , and it 's reasonable to assume they sped up their editorial process to scoop Israel 's release .
the editors at die welt surely knew their document would be worthless if [freed] after the israeli document , and it 's reasonable to assume they sped up their editorial process to scoop israel 's release .

In lynch mob mode , the country 's best-selling tabloid , Rupert Murdoch 's Sun , invited its millions of readers to hunt for a convicted pedophile and child killer as he was released from prison after an eight-year internment .
in lynch mob mode , the country 's best-selling tabloid , rupert murdoch 's sun , invited its millions of readers to hunt for a convicted pedophile and child killer as he was [freed] from prison after an eight-year internment .

A front-page WP story reports on newly released tapes of President Nixon 's White House conversations .
a front-page wp story reports on newly [freed] tapes of president nixon 's white house conversations .

Several members presented Jiang with lists of political and religious prisoners to be released .
several members presented jiang with lists of political and religious prisoners to be [freed] .

The WP runs a piece inside on the first-ever World Bank study of AIDS , released yesterday .
the wp runs a piece inside on the first-ever world bank study of aids , [freed] yesterday .

The USAT lead reports on a study just released by the U.S. Conference of Mayors , which found that the demand for emergency food and housing increased in 1997 for the 13th straight year .
the usat lead reports on a study just [freed] by the u.s. conference of mayors , which found that the demand for emergency food and housing increased in 1997 for the 13th straight year .

More White House fundraising tapes were released yesterday and several of the majors suggest that they are damaging to Clinton .
more white house fundraising tapes were [freed] yesterday and several of the majors suggest that they are damaging to clinton .

The WP says that according to a Justice Department survey released yesterday , more than one million women are stalked every year in the U.S .
the wp says that according to a justice department survey [freed] yesterday , more than one million women are stalked every year in the u.s .

The new tobacco documents ( many of them marked `` Secret '' ) , released as part of a lawsuit settlement , show a company strategy of attracting teenagers through advertising and various youth-oriented promotions such as , according to USAT , `` NASCAR sponsorship , '' `` inner city activities , '' and `` T-shirts and other paraphernalia . ''
the new tobacco documents ( many of them marked `` secret '' ) , [freed] as part of a lawsuit settlement , show a company strategy of attracting teenagers through advertising and various youth-oriented promotions such as , according to usat , `` nascar sponsorship , '' `` inner city activities , '' and `` t-shirts and other paraphernalia . ''

The NYT lead is written off a copy it has obtained of a House committee 's report to be released this coming week that says the Defense Department and the Department of Veterans Affairs should be stripped of their authority over Gulf soldiers ' sickness because of their mishandling of the issue .
the nyt lead is written off a copy it has obtained of a house committee 's report to be [freed] this coming week that says the defense department and the department of veterans affairs should be stripped of their authority over gulf soldiers ' sickness because of their mishandling of the issue .

USAT leads with a Senate Y2K report , to be released today , stating that New Year computer glitches `` will cause more inconvenience than tragedy '' ( the report is also fronted by the WP ) .
usat leads with a senate y2k report , to be [freed] today , stating that new year computer glitches `` will cause more inconvenience than tragedy '' ( the report is also fronted by the wp ) .

In a draft letter ( released at a congressional hearing yesterday ) to House Judiciary Committee Chairman Henry Hyde , R-Ill. , FBI Director Louis Freeh wrote that the clemency would `` return committed , experienced , sophisticated and hardened terrorists to the clandestine movement '' for Puerto Rican independence .
in a draft letter ( [freed] at a congressional hearing yesterday ) to house judiciary committee chairman henry hyde , r-ill. , fbi director louis freeh wrote that the clemency would `` return committed , experienced , sophisticated and hardened terrorists to the clandestine movement '' for puerto rican independence .

In another letter released at the hearing , President Clinton provided his first detailed defense of the clemency .
in another letter [freed] at the hearing , president clinton provided his first detailed defense of the clemency .

The report in the Times about police misconduct was released by Mark Green , the New York public advocate who will become mayor-for-a-minute if Giuliani beats Hillary .
the report in the times about police misconduct was [freed] by mark green , the new york public advocate who will become mayor-for-a-minute if giuliani beats hillary .

Chatterbox 's proof was that the first rock ' n ' roll records that reached a large , mainstream audience -- Bill Haley and the Comets ' `` Rock Around the Clock '' and Elvis Presley 's `` Heartbreak Hotel '' -- were released in 1955 and 1956 .
chatterbox 's proof was that the first rock ' n ' roll records that reached a large , mainstream audience -- bill haley and the comets ' `` rock around the clock '' and elvis presley 's `` heartbreak hotel '' -- were [freed] in 1955 and 1956 .

Dole released a statement saying that she was `` appalled by Pat Buchanan 's comments . ''
dole [freed] a statement saying that she was `` appalled by pat buchanan 's comments . ''

In an interview on ABC News Radio released today , Buchanan says that he has been trying to reach Ross Perot .
in an interview on abc news radio [freed] today , buchanan says that he has been trying to reach ross perot .

Another piece of Waco news is more troublesome for the feds : The Texas Rangers released a report to Congress stating in part that the Rangers , in their Waco post-mortem , found spent cartridges from two different types of sniper rifles used by FBI agents -- which conflicts with the bureau 's assertion that their agents never fired a shot .
another piece of waco news is more troublesome for the feds : the texas rangers [freed] a report to congress stating in part that the rangers , in their waco post-mortem , found spent cartridges from two different types of sniper rifles used by fbi agents -- which conflicts with the bureau 's assertion that their agents never fired a shot .

Inside stories at the WP and NYT report that the State Department , in an attempt to convince other countries to maintain tough sanctions against Saddam Hussein , yesterday released new evidence suggesting that under the sanctions Hussein has enough money to feed his people and provide them with medicine but has chosen to spend it on other things .
inside stories at the wp and nyt report that the state department , in an attempt to convince other countries to maintain tough sanctions against saddam hussein , yesterday [freed] new evidence suggesting that under the sanctions hussein has enough money to feed his people and provide them with medicine but has chosen to spend it on other things .

The federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released a study yesterday estimating that tainted food sickens about 76 million Americans and kills 5,000 of them each year .
the federal centers for disease control and prevention [freed] a study yesterday estimating that tainted food sickens about 76 million americans and kills 5,000 of them each year .

The movie , The Insider , which is about CBS 's suppression of a 60 Minutes interview with a tobacco-industry whistleblower , is being released by Miramax 's sister company , Touchstone .
the movie , the insider , which is about cbs 's suppression of a 60 minutes interview with a tobacco-industry whistleblower , is being [freed] by miramax 's sister company , touchstone .

I was also skeptical of another statistic in the paper ( the Journal , I think ) this morning : of the 30,000 CDs released each year , only 600-2 percent-make money .
i was also skeptical of another statistic in the paper ( the journal , i think ) this morning : of the 30,000 cds [freed] each year , only 600-2 percent-make money .

In noting that , according to the recently released bomb damage figures from the war , two-thirds of all Yugoslav army assets in Kosovo survived intact , the Post leaves the reader with the impression that it was the strategic campaign -- Short 's target list -- that made the difference .
in noting that , according to the recently [freed] bomb damage figures from the war , two-thirds of all yugoslav army assets in kosovo survived intact , the post leaves the reader with the impression that it was the strategic campaign -- short 's target list -- that made the difference .

One inmate was released after Perez admitted that he and his partner shot the man and then planted a gun on him so they could claim self-defense .
one inmate was [freed] after perez admitted that he and his partner shot the man and then planted a gun on him so they could claim self-defense .

Other prolific writers such as Henry James and Mark Twain usually get their stuff sorted into early period and late period and released in dribbles .
other prolific writers such as henry james and mark twain usually get their stuff sorted into early period and late period and [freed] in dribbles .

On Route 128 , for no practical reason , there is a thickening of traffic -- another spring phenomenon , garaged cars released .
on route 128 , for no practical reason , there is a thickening of traffic -- another spring phenomenon , garaged cars [freed] .

Bob Schieffer ( CBS 's Face the Nation ) and Steve Roberts ( Late Edition ) both note that recently released court documents unmask White House arguments that legal battles impede Clinton 's official duties .
bob schieffer ( cbs 's face the nation ) and steve roberts ( late edition ) both note that recently [freed] court documents unmask white house arguments that legal battles impede clinton 's official duties .

McGreevey 's involvement in the pipeline issue notwithstanding , he gets credit for sponsoring the Pollution Prevention Act , which reduced the toxins released by the chemical industry .
mcgreevey 's involvement in the pipeline issue notwithstanding , he gets credit for sponsoring the pollution prevention act , which reduced the toxins [freed] by the chemical industry .

He also says he asked Houghton Mifflin to alter the image for the book 's newly released paperback version , but the publisher told him it would be too difficult .
he also says he asked houghton mifflin to alter the image for the book 's newly [freed] paperback version , but the publisher told him it would be too difficult .

Released in 1995 , How to Make an American Quilt drew a largely female audience .
[freed] in 1995 , how to make an american quilt drew a largely female audience .

Thanks largely to the efforts of Vassar College 's Donald Foster , who speculates about literary authorship using an electronic database of texts of early modern literature , the 585-line `` Funeral Elegy , '' as it 's come to be known , appears in the new Riverside and Norton Shakespeare editions , both released last month .
thanks largely to the efforts of vassar college 's donald foster , who speculates about literary authorship using an electronic database of texts of early modern literature , the 585-line `` funeral elegy , '' as it 's come to be known , appears in the new riverside and norton shakespeare editions , both [freed] last month .

Like Paula Jones ' lawyers , most pundits are outraged that the White House produced 16 Willey-related letters lickety-split in the wake of her 60 Minutes interview but released only two in response to an earlier subpoena .
like paula jones ' lawyers , most pundits are outraged that the white house produced 16 willey-related letters lickety-split in the wake of her 60 minutes interview but [freed] only two in response to an earlier subpoena .

Burton was also stupid to so tendentiously edit the tapes he released ( Fred Barnes , Meet the Press ) .
burton was also stupid to so tendentiously edit the tapes he [freed] ( fred barnes , meet the press ) .

Product Placement : McLaughlin Group panelists appeared discomforted by the , um , timbre of John McLaughlin 's opening segment on Viagra , the newly released sexual wonder drug .
product placement : mclaughlin group panelists appeared discomforted by the , um , timbre of john mclaughlin 's opening segment on viagra , the newly [freed] sexual wonder drug .

By the deposition to be released by Jones ' lawyers ( Bill Kristol , This Week ) .
by the deposition to be [freed] by jones ' lawyers ( bill kristol , this week ) .

It will be released at the Los Angeles BookExpo in April .
it will be [freed] at the los angeles bookexpo in april .

No one outside Warners knows much about the Tom Cruise-Nicole Kidman thriller set to be released on July 16 after an eyes-wide-opening 15 months of shoots and reshoots .
no one outside warners knows much about the tom cruise-nicole kidman thriller set to be [freed] on july 16 after an eyes-wide-opening 15 months of shoots and reshoots .

Immediately after the opinion was released , Ed Black , a Microsoft antagonist who heads the Computer and Communications Industry Association , told reporters in front of the courthouse : `` The behavior they [ Microsoft ] are accused of , which the judge seems to be finding in fact that they did , is not behavior off to the side of their business .
immediately after the opinion was [freed] , ed black , a microsoft antagonist who heads the computer and communications industry association , told reporters in front of the courthouse : `` the behavior they [ microsoft ] are accused of , which the judge seems to be finding in fact that they did , is not behavior off to the side of their business .

The cover story uses Justice Department data released after Freedom of Information Act requests to portray the FBI as sloppy and ineffective .
the cover story uses justice department data [freed] after freedom of information act requests to portray the fbi as sloppy and ineffective .

A recently released Soviet document implicates Theodore Hall , a physicist at Cambridge University .
a recently [freed] soviet document implicates theodore hall , a physicist at cambridge university .

In Newsweek , transcripts of newly released tapes from LBJ 's archives .
in newsweek , transcripts of newly [freed] tapes from lbj 's archives .

The lead NYT editorial observes that Washington is now `` enthralled by the idea that James Bond methods can remove Saddam Hussein from power , '' and points out that a tonic for that idea is found in the recently released internal CIA report about the Bay of Pigs failure .
the lead nyt editorial observes that washington is now `` enthralled by the idea that james bond methods can remove saddam hussein from power , '' and points out that a tonic for that idea is found in the recently [freed] internal cia report about the bay of pigs failure .

The Journal 's story represents a first because it was released on the paper 's web site , rather than being held for the hard-copy edition , and thus represents an occurrence you 'll be seeing again : newspapers and magazines using their electronic versions to break and refine stories round-the-clock every bit as quickly as CNN .
the journal 's story represents a first because it was [freed] on the paper 's web site , rather than being held for the hard-copy edition , and thus represents an occurrence you 'll be seeing again : newspapers and magazines using their electronic versions to break and refine stories round-the-clock every bit as quickly as cnn .

The WSJ states that a special government report to be released next week will criticize the CIA 's failure to anticipate India 's atomic tests .
the wsj states that a special government report to be [freed] next week will criticize the cia 's failure to anticipate india 's atomic tests .

The material Burton released appears to describe Hubbell 's decision to continue to protect Bill and Hillary Clinton out of fears that his wife would lose her government job , but , notes the Post , does not include Hubbell 's statement that Hillary Clinton had `` no idea '' of billing irregularities at their law firm , or his assertion that he was not being paid hush money .
the material burton [freed] appears to describe hubbell 's decision to continue to protect bill and hillary clinton out of fears that his wife would lose her government job , but , notes the post , does not include hubbell 's statement that hillary clinton had `` no idea '' of billing irregularities at their law firm , or his assertion that he was not being paid hush money .

The NYT lead reports that two prominent political prisoners were released late Monday night , one a labor leader jailed for inciting a riot , and the other a former legislator jailed for insulting Suharto .
the nyt lead reports that two prominent political prisoners were [freed] late monday night , one a labor leader jailed for inciting a riot , and the other a former legislator jailed for insulting suharto .

The day before yesterday , he had been suspended from school and arrested for bringing a gun to school , and he was released to his parents .
the day before yesterday , he had been suspended from school and arrested for bringing a gun to school , and he was [freed] to his parents .

Both USAT and the LAT give front-page above-the-fold play to the first major study of the Internet 's economic impact , released Wednesday by the Commerce Department .
both usat and the lat give front-page above-the-fold play to the first major study of the internet 's economic impact , [freed] wednesday by the commerce department .

Sunday 's Los Angeles Times reports that according to a recently released man , Iraqi prisons have been the site of hundreds , perhaps thousands , of executions of political prisoners and common criminals in the latter part of 1997 .
sunday 's los angeles times reports that according to a recently [freed] man , iraqi prisons have been the site of hundreds , perhaps thousands , of executions of political prisoners and common criminals in the latter part of 1997 .

A NYT top front piece discusses how newly released documents from the tobacco industry giants make it clearer than ever just how hard the companies tried to market cigarettes -- especially mentholated ones -- to blacks .
a nyt top front piece discusses how newly [freed] documents from the tobacco industry giants make it clearer than ever just how hard the companies tried to market cigarettes -- especially mentholated ones -- to blacks .

The WP lead makes that point that when originally confronted with the Willey charges , Clinton released a statement saying that he had `` no specific recollection '' of meeting with her , but that his current denial is based on `` a very clear memory '' of the meeting .
the wp lead makes that point that when originally confronted with the willey charges , clinton [freed] a statement saying that he had `` no specific recollection '' of meeting with her , but that his current denial is based on `` a very clear memory '' of the meeting .

The earliest `` hillbilly '' recordings had a sort of present-immediately-becoming-past effect : They purported to be old-timey as soon as they were released .
the earliest `` hillbilly '' recordings had a sort of present-immediately-becoming-past effect : they purported to be old-timey as soon as they were [freed] .

It has been widely reported that Seven Years in Tibet , the tale of Austrian mountaineer Heinrich Harrer 's trek through Tibet and his relationship with the Dalai Lama , was nearly released with an embarrassing omission .
it has been widely reported that seven years in tibet , the tale of austrian mountaineer heinrich harrer 's trek through tibet and his relationship with the dalai lama , was nearly [freed] with an embarrassing omission .

In 1992 , a commission chaired by Andrew Cuomo , now the federal housing secretary , released a study showing that up to 30 percent of single homeless men suffered from severe mental illness , and 65 percent used drugs or alcohol .
in 1992 , a commission chaired by andrew cuomo , now the federal housing secretary , [freed] a study showing that up to 30 percent of single homeless men suffered from severe mental illness , and 65 percent used drugs or alcohol .

In April , Stiglitz released a report on the state of the American worker , more or less confirming what most independent economists had already concluded : Workers are not doing as badly as recent headlines might suggest .
in april , stiglitz [freed] a report on the state of the american worker , more or less confirming what most independent economists had already concluded : workers are not doing as badly as recent headlines might suggest .

That does n't matter , because after a run in the theaters , the film will be released to home-video rental and pay per view , where it costs $ 3 to $ 5 and nobody counts how many people are in the room .
that does n't matter , because after a run in the theaters , the film will be [freed] to home-video rental and pay per view , where it costs $ 3 to $ 5 and nobody counts how many people are in the room .

In the former category , I put , say , Entertainment Weekly 's decision to review the Pokémon movie , which was released by Warner Bros. ; what 's it gon na do -- not run a review ?
in the former category , i put , say , entertainment weekly 's decision to review the pokémon movie , which was [freed] by warner bros. ; what 's it gon na do -- not run a review ?

Apparently a new study of children 's media habits just released by the Kaiser Family Foundation reveals that children between 2 and 18 spend about five and a half hours a day consuming media ... mostly TV .
apparently a new study of children 's media habits just [freed] by the kaiser family foundation reveals that children between 2 and 18 spend about five and a half hours a day consuming media ... mostly tv .

Walsh contends that Reagan must have known about the diversion because he chose to persist with the policy of arms for hostages , even though most of the American hostages in Lebanon were not released in exchange for the missiles that were shipped to Iran .
walsh contends that reagan must have known about the diversion because he chose to persist with the policy of arms for hostages , even though most of the american hostages in lebanon were not [freed] in exchange for the missiles that were shipped to iran .

Indeed , three of seven were released in apparent conjunction with the arms sales , which does not constitute an overwhelming failure , however wrongheaded the arms-for-hostages policy may have been .
indeed , three of seven were [freed] in apparent conjunction with the arms sales , which does not constitute an overwhelming failure , however wrongheaded the arms-for-hostages policy may have been .

The text of the book was released two weeks ago as of this writing .
the text of the book was [freed] two weeks ago as of this writing .

Pilate , who was in real life so cruel that the Roman authorities had to remove him from the procuratorship of Judea , is , in Jesus ' account of things , the detached Gentile observer who believes that the `` King of the Jews '' has done no wrong , and should be released .
pilate , who was in real life so cruel that the roman authorities had to remove him from the procuratorship of judea , is , in jesus ' account of things , the detached gentile observer who believes that the `` king of the jews '' has done no wrong , and should be [freed] .

Later , Clinton and House Majority Leader Richard Armey point fingers -- literally -- at each other , and the Republicans go nuts over what they consider to be an unflattering picture the White House released to Time .
later , clinton and house majority leader richard armey point fingers -- literally -- at each other , and the republicans go nuts over what they consider to be an unflattering picture the white house [freed] to time .

In a statement released this morning , the candidate said , `` I told Larry King that I never got the munchies .
in a statement [freed] this morning , the candidate said , `` i told larry king that i never got the munchies .

Word just got out that Sebastian Janikowski , the pudgy Polish-born kicker at Florida State , may be deported if he 's convicted of trying to bribe police to get a friend released from jail .
word just got out that sebastian janikowski , the pudgy polish-born kicker at florida state , may be deported if he 's convicted of trying to bribe police to get a friend [freed] from jail .

The outside researcher was not apparently a Post reporter -- the story does n't say when the papers were released nor who got a look at them .
the outside researcher was not apparently a post reporter -- the story does n't say when the papers were [freed] nor who got a look at them .

Late yesterday the Justice Department released a statement saying that the grandmothers had made `` a very compassionate and heartfelt plea '' to be reunited with Elian but that the matter is now ( read `` tied up '' ) in federal court .
late yesterday the justice department [freed] a statement saying that the grandmothers had made `` a very compassionate and heartfelt plea '' to be reunited with elian but that the matter is now ( read `` tied up '' ) in federal court .

The meeting dissolved into laughter when Howard joked that he nearly had to sit down and read the 500 letters McCain released last week .
the meeting dissolved into laughter when howard joked that he nearly had to sit down and read the 500 letters mccain [freed] last week .

Sacrificing the crucial South Carolina primary to make another such courageous point would have been an act of self-abnegation on par with his refusal to be released from prison camp in Vietnam .
sacrificing the crucial south carolina primary to make another such courageous point would have been an act of self-abnegation on par with his refusal to be [freed] from prison camp in vietnam .

Because the company would n't comply , says the Times , the intruder has released some of the card numbers on the Internet and claims to have used some for himself .
because the company would n't comply , says the times , the intruder has [freed] some of the card numbers on the internet and claims to have used some for himself .

An Equal Employment Opportunity Commission policy released in October protects all workers , including those without papers , but a ) employers do not have to rehire illegal workers , even if they were fired wrongly and b ) the workers themselves are afraid to unionize , for fear of being fired or deported .
an equal employment opportunity commission policy [freed] in october protects all workers , including those without papers , but a ) employers do not have to rehire illegal workers , even if they were fired wrongly and b ) the workers themselves are afraid to unionize , for fear of being fired or deported .

The WSJ reports that a study to be released today finds that while the income gap between rich and poor widened in the U.S. overall during the '90s , the size of the gap depended on the state in question .
the wsj reports that a study to be [freed] today finds that while the income gap between rich and poor widened in the u.s. overall during the '90s , the size of the gap depended on the state in question .

The Bradleyites released the number of Dukakis ' campaign manager , Susan Estrich , who is quoted saying the Dukakis campaign was indeed surprised by Gore 's raising Horton .
the bradleyites [freed] the number of dukakis ' campaign manager , susan estrich , who is quoted saying the dukakis campaign was indeed surprised by gore 's raising horton .

He was imprisoned in 1964 , released in 1981 , and died in 1989 .
he was imprisoned in 1964 , [freed] in 1981 , and died in 1989 .

The paper notes that all other bombing videos released to the press during the war were shown at normal speed .
the paper notes that all other bombing videos [freed] to the press during the war were shown at normal speed .

Years ago , I remember seeing an episode of The Critic in which Jay Sherman attended a Broadway musical based on The Hunchback of Notre Dame ; it seemed funny at the time , but less so when Disney released a musical version of Hunchback of Notre Dame a few years later .
years ago , i remember seeing an episode of the critic in which jay sherman attended a broadway musical based on the hunchback of notre dame ; it seemed funny at the time , but less so when disney [freed] a musical version of hunchback of notre dame a few years later .

Unfortunately , it 's not until almost the end of the piece that we learn `` 87 people on death row in the United States have been found to be wrongly convicted , and released [ since 1973 ] .
unfortunately , it 's not until almost the end of the piece that we learn `` 87 people on death row in the united states have been found to be wrongly convicted , and [freed] [ since 1973 ] .

As each new drug is released on a wave of hype , insurers will fight the deluge , but patients will clamor , and doctors will go along .
as each new drug is [freed] on a wave of hype , insurers will fight the deluge , but patients will clamor , and doctors will go along .

In 1995 , the Heritage Foundation released its index of economic freedom .
in 1995 , the heritage foundation [freed] its index of economic freedom .

Earlier this month , the Democratic Leadership Council released a new poll purporting to show that Democratic voters support the DLC 's `` centrist '' agenda .
earlier this month , the democratic leadership council [freed] a new poll purporting to show that democratic voters support the dlc 's `` centrist '' agenda .

Dozens of states have enacted so-called Megan 's Laws requiring that the public be notified when released sex offenders move in nearby , but people complain that it does n't help much to know that your neighbor is a pedophile if you ca n't do anything about it .
dozens of states have enacted so-called megan 's laws requiring that the public be notified when [freed] sex offenders move in nearby , but people complain that it does n't help much to know that your neighbor is a pedophile if you ca n't do anything about it .

Legislators argue that castration is justified and appropriate , and that by controlling sex offenders ' irresistible urges to rape or molest again , the operation allows them to be released without endangering the public .
legislators argue that castration is justified and appropriate , and that by controlling sex offenders ' irresistible urges to rape or molest again , the operation allows them to be [freed] without endangering the public .

Bringing in released convicts for injections is even more difficult .
bringing in [freed] convicts for injections is even more difficult .

The evidence released by the Air Force this month indicates suicide .
the evidence [freed] by the air force this month indicates suicide .

Dexfenfluramine ( tradenamed Redux ) , a cousin of fenfluramine , was just released .
dexfenfluramine ( tradenamed redux ) , a cousin of fenfluramine , was just [freed] .

The company has even got credit for an Oscar-winning film since its subsidiary Miramax released Good Will Hunting .
the company has even got credit for an oscar-winning film since its subsidiary miramax [freed] good will hunting .

It 's especially dubious when one considers that MGM has released just one film , Hoodlum , since Kerkorian and Stokes bought the company in October 1996 .
it 's especially dubious when one considers that mgm has [freed] just one film , hoodlum , since kerkorian and stokes bought the company in october 1996 .

Wednesday Hyde released an inquiry resolution , which , he noted , `` follows the Watergate resolution , word for word . ''
wednesday hyde [freed] an inquiry resolution , which , he noted , `` follows the watergate resolution , word for word . ''

Levinson 's remarks about the review of Sphere -- which was released only last year -- suggest something else about Liberty Heights : that it was written fast .
levinson 's remarks about the review of sphere -- which was [freed] only last year -- suggest something else about liberty heights : that it was written fast .

Several also mention that Kaplan has been beaten to the punch by Vidal himself , who released his own memoir , Palimpsest , just three years ago .
several also mention that kaplan has been beaten to the punch by vidal himself , who [freed] his own memoir , palimpsest , just three years ago .

These statistics -- never released by SBA and published here for the first time -- tell a fascinating story of job creation and destruction .
these statistics -- never [freed] by sba and published here for the first time -- tell a fascinating story of job creation and destruction .

A draft summary of the Health Security Act , released in September of 1993 , contained a chart showing projected growth for Medicare slowing to less than 6 percent by 1997 , and less than 5 percent by 1999 .
a draft summary of the health security act , [freed] in september of 1993 , contained a chart showing projected growth for medicare slowing to less than 6 percent by 1997 , and less than 5 percent by 1999 .

Instead of proposing radical action when she released the report , she outlined modest steps that had long been planned and budgeted .
instead of proposing radical action when she [freed] the report , she outlined modest steps that had long been planned and budgeted .

No sooner did my book start getting some attention than Peter Maas released a book that turned into a best seller .
no sooner did my book start getting some attention than peter maas [freed] a book that turned into a best seller .

For the really bad news , we 'll have to wait until Friday morning , when the July jobs report is released .
for the really bad news , we 'll have to wait until friday morning , when the july jobs report is [freed] .

As of press time last night , the white male middle-aged shooting suspect remained at large , and the authorities released his name and said he was a resident of Washington state .
as of press time last night , the white male middle-aged shooting suspect remained at large , and the authorities [freed] his name and said he was a resident of washington state .

The New York Times and the Los Angeles Times front this story , and accompany it with profiles of Barton 's victims , whose names were also released .
the new york times and the los angeles times front this story , and accompany it with profiles of barton 's victims , whose names were also [freed] .

At the achives , says the paper , there 's a previously released tidbit revealing that on at least one hunting trip while Oswald was in Russia , he `` shot very badly . ''
at the achives , says the paper , there 's a previously [freed] tidbit revealing that on at least one hunting trip while oswald was in russia , he `` shot very badly . ''

The still-unidentified Islamic terrorists released their 155 hostages after India agreed to free three of their jailed comrades .
the still-unidentified islamic terrorists [freed] their 155 hostages after india agreed to free three of their jailed comrades .

Removing the music track is not so farfetched at all ; the 1939 movie Love Affair has been released on video with its score replaced for exactly that reason .
removing the music track is not so farfetched at all ; the 1939 movie love affair has been [freed] on video with its score replaced for exactly that reason .

McCain has now released 1,500 pages of medical records to provide what the New York Times has called `` the broadest look ever given the public at the psychological profile of a presidential candidate . ''
mccain has now [freed] 1,500 pages of medical records to provide what the new york times has called `` the broadest look ever given the public at the psychological profile of a presidential candidate . ''

The paper was reporting on secret wartime documents just released by the British Public Record Office .
the paper was reporting on secret wartime documents just [freed] by the british public record office .

This week , citing nasty rumors that his torture and imprisonment in Vietnam had left him emotionally unbalanced , his campaign released medical records indicating that he had never been mentally ill .
this week , citing nasty rumors that his torture and imprisonment in vietnam had left him emotionally unbalanced , his campaign [freed] medical records indicating that he had never been mentally ill .

Jesse Jackson , whose triumph in getting the three servicemen released has been greeted with cynicism by the U.S. political establishment .
jesse jackson , whose triumph in getting the three servicemen [freed] has been greeted with cynicism by the u.s. political establishment .

In 1990 , the University of Missouri School of Journalism released a list of words for journalists to avoid , including such terms as gorgeous , lazy , sweetie , and fried chicken .
in 1990 , the university of missouri school of journalism [freed] a list of words for journalists to avoid , including such terms as gorgeous , lazy , sweetie , and fried chicken .

The most talented of the lot , a man who just released a penetrating movie about war and moral decay , is now negotiating a deal to direct costume dramas and love stories for Miramax .
the most talented of the lot , a man who just [freed] a penetrating movie about war and moral decay , is now negotiating a deal to direct costume dramas and love stories for miramax .

The 19 th edition was released in 1997 but was recalled in April of last year because of an uproar from breeders who contended that the book 's `` breed profiles '' perpetrated pernicious stereotypes .
the 19 th edition was [freed] in 1997 but was recalled in april of last year because of an uproar from breeders who contended that the book 's `` breed profiles '' perpetrated pernicious stereotypes .

The Poitras Report , recently released in Montreal , describes an inept organization that routinely broke the law , lacked ethics and professionalism , and embraced a code of silence that thwarted whistle-blowers .
the poitras report , recently [freed] in montreal , describes an inept organization that routinely broke the law , lacked ethics and professionalism , and embraced a code of silence that thwarted whistle-blowers .

The soundtrack has been released , tie-in toys have gone on sale ( 1,500 shoppers showed up at FAO Schwarz 's Manhattan store on Monday morning ) , thousands of Web sites have cropped up , and lines have formed at theaters .
the soundtrack has been [freed] , tie-in toys have gone on sale ( 1,500 shoppers showed up at fao schwarz 's manhattan store on monday morning ) , thousands of web sites have cropped up , and lines have formed at theaters .

The captured beavers were given medical checkups and were then released in a secret location to protect them from public scrutiny .
the captured beavers were given medical checkups and were then [freed] in a secret location to protect them from public scrutiny .

Just last week , Rocket released a beta version of software that lets anyone upload texts to its site , creating a kind of open-source library .
just last week , rocket [freed] a beta version of software that lets anyone upload texts to its site , creating a kind of open-source library .

The committee chairman 's spin : Only the unclassified portions of the report were released , and the classified findings are even more damning .
the committee chairman 's spin : only the unclassified portions of the report were [freed] , and the classified findings are even more damning .

He had tried everything in his power to get the information released to Israel through legal channels but was thwarted every step of the way , right up to the top of the Pentagon .
he had tried everything in his power to get the information [freed] to israel through legal channels but was thwarted every step of the way , right up to the top of the pentagon .

Sue and Gary Woodward , who have separated , have been released on bail until July 1 , the paper said .
sue and gary woodward , who have separated , have been [freed] on bail until july 1 , the paper said .

Just one time ( this was years before I was a second-tier public radio personality ) I went to see his show at the Tech College , caught him out in the corridor , and lied to him about how much I liked his show ( really , he talks so slow it makes me nervous , plus all that lip noise indicating introspection being released into the atmosphere ) and , silly boy , launched into how I was doing a live daily radio show from a greasy spoon and all , and he looked at me and said , `` Do you know where the bathroom is ? ''
just one time ( this was years before i was a second-tier public radio personality ) i went to see his show at the tech college , caught him out in the corridor , and lied to him about how much i liked his show ( really , he talks so slow it makes me nervous , plus all that lip noise indicating introspection being [freed] into the atmosphere ) and , silly boy , launched into how i was doing a live daily radio show from a greasy spoon and all , and he looked at me and said , `` do you know where the bathroom is ? ''

In exchange , he allowed the terrorists to return to Chechnya , taking a busload of hostages with them as human shields ( they were later released ) .
in exchange , he allowed the terrorists to return to chechnya , taking a busload of hostages with them as human shields ( they were later [freed] ) .

The Poitras Report , recently released in Montreal , describes an inept organization that routinely broke the law , lacked ethics and professionalism , and embraced a code of silence that thwarted whistle-blowers .
the poitras report , recently [freed] in montreal , describes an inept organization that routinely broke the law , lacked ethics and professionalism , and embraced a code of silence that thwarted whistle-blowers .

A `` public security investigator '' quoted by the paper speculated that Aum will `` grow into a stronger and bigger organization with ironclad solidarity '' when Fumihiro Joyu , a senior cult member , is released from prison in November .
a `` public security investigator '' quoted by the paper speculated that aum will `` grow into a stronger and bigger organization with ironclad solidarity '' when fumihiro joyu , a senior cult member , is [freed] from prison in november .

Moreover , after Gerth 's article the White House released a series of documents detailing the decision .
moreover , after gerth 's article the white house [freed] a series of documents detailing the decision .

I use both commercial software and free software in the course of my work ( I 'm adminstrator of a large number of NT and Unix computer systems ) , and it 's pretty clear to me that it 's the free software that is rigorously tested and the commercial software that gets released just as soon as it appears to run .
i use both commercial software and free software in the course of my work ( i 'm adminstrator of a large number of nt and unix computer systems ) , and it 's pretty clear to me that it 's the free software that is rigorously tested and the commercial software that gets [freed] just as soon as it appears to run .

That was before they released The Saint .
that was before they [freed] the saint .

In exchange for Jordan 's return of the captured Mossad assassins , Israel released Hamas ' spiritual leader , Sheik Ahmed Yessin , who had been imprisoned in Israel since 1989 .
in exchange for jordan 's return of the captured mossad assassins , israel [freed] hamas ' spiritual leader , sheik ahmed yessin , who had been imprisoned in israel since 1989 .

Frederik W. de Klerk , the head of the National Party and president of South Africa , released ANC president Mandela , who had been jailed for 27 years , and lifted a longtime ban on the ANC that had forced the group into exile in Zambia .
frederik w. de klerk , the head of the national party and president of south africa , [freed] anc president mandela , who had been jailed for 27 years , and lifted a longtime ban on the anc that had forced the group into exile in zambia .

In 1994 , the Clinton administration abandoned the health-care initiative and released all documents from the working group .
in 1994 , the clinton administration abandoned the health-care initiative and [freed] all documents from the working group .

Here the immune system reacts to proteins contained in pollen , tiny airborne particles released as part of the reproductive cycle of trees , weeds , and grasses .
here the immune system reacts to proteins contained in pollen , tiny airborne particles [freed] as part of the reproductive cycle of trees , weeds , and grasses .

In rare cases , allergic attacks can turn into anaphylaxis , where toxic levels of histamines and other chemicals are released , causing asphyxiation , vomiting , and death .
in rare cases , allergic attacks can turn into anaphylaxis , where toxic levels of histamines and other chemicals are [freed] , causing asphyxiation , vomiting , and death .

Overproduction : Fueled by conglomerate investment , publishers released more than 60,000 new titles in 1995 , at least 10,000 more than in 1985 .
overproduction : fueled by conglomerate investment , publishers [freed] more than 60,000 new titles in 1995 , at least 10,000 more than in 1985 .

In the third stage , which began in 1991 , the high court has eased the way for schools to be released altogether from desegregation decrees .
in the third stage , which began in 1991 , the high court has eased the way for schools to be [freed] altogether from desegregation decrees .

In 1991 , the court held that once a school district has made a `` good faith '' effort and taken all `` practicable '' steps to end segregation , it should be released from its court order .
in 1991 , the court held that once a school district has made a `` good faith '' effort and taken all `` practicable '' steps to end segregation , it should be [freed] from its court order .

About 40 percent of all criminal defendants are released on bail , a cash deposit that is forfeited to the court if the defendant fails to appear before the judge as promised .
about 40 percent of all criminal defendants are [freed] on bail , a cash deposit that is forfeited to the court if the defendant fails to appear before the judge as promised .

It was about a video the CIA released as the FBI concluded its criminal investigation into the TWA Flight 800 disaster .
it was about a video the cia [freed] as the fbi concluded its criminal investigation into the twa flight 800 disaster .

Abiola , whose imminent victory in the 1993 presidential election was annulled by the military , died in detention July 7 , just as he was about to be released .
abiola , whose imminent victory in the 1993 presidential election was annulled by the military , died in detention july 7 , just as he was about to be [freed] .

The Army eventually released the list of those getting waivers for burials .
the army eventually [freed] the list of those getting waivers for burials .

The National Gay and Lesbian Task Force released a report on public attitudes toward homosexuality .
the national gay and lesbian task force [freed] a report on public attitudes toward homosexuality .

That role was honed to perfection by Gil Evans in his collaborations with trumpet-player Miles Davis between 1957 and 1968 -- an often-misunderstood body of work chronicled in a six-CD box set called Miles Davis and Gil Evans : The Complete Columbia Recordings , released this month .
that role was honed to perfection by gil evans in his collaborations with trumpet-player miles davis between 1957 and 1968 -- an often-misunderstood body of work chronicled in a six-cd box set called miles davis and gil evans : the complete columbia recordings , [freed] this month .

When he convened a nonet with Evans and Gerry Mulligan 's help in 1948 , and recorded the music which would later be released as Birth of the Cool , he was blending bebop with a reduced vision of Claude Thornhill 's instrumentation .
when he convened a nonet with evans and gerry mulligan 's help in 1948 , and recorded the music which would later be [freed] as birth of the cool , he was blending bebop with a reduced vision of claude thornhill 's instrumentation .

Columbia has just released the Davis quintet 's studio work in a six-CD box set , and it 's remarkable how well the music has aged .
columbia has just [freed] the davis quintet 's studio work in a six-cd box set , and it 's remarkable how well the music has aged .

The quintet released six studio recordings between 1965 and 1968 : E.S.P .
the quintet [freed] six studio recordings between 1965 and 1968 : e.s.p .

Noting that Congress and the media have been seeking such information for half a decade , the paper reveals that it was finally released to a former Senate investigator in response to his repeated Freedom of Information Act requests .
noting that congress and the media have been seeking such information for half a decade , the paper reveals that it was finally [freed] to a former senate investigator in response to his repeated freedom of information act requests .

A multi-year , rigorous study to be released today finds that women enrolled in one of the nation 's best-funded programs for disadvantaged teenaged mothers still failed to improve their chances of becoming self-sufficient .
a multi-year , rigorous study to be [freed] today finds that women enrolled in one of the nation 's best-funded programs for disadvantaged teenaged mothers still failed to improve their chances of becoming self-sufficient .

Indeed , both the NYT and LAT have front-page pieces based on a report released yesterday by Common Cause stating that , despite this year 's many fundraising scandals , both parties have raised record amounts of soft money , with the Republicans bringing in twice as much as the Democrats .
indeed , both the nyt and lat have front-page pieces based on a report [freed] yesterday by common cause stating that , despite this year 's many fundraising scandals , both parties have raised record amounts of soft money , with the republicans bringing in twice as much as the democrats .

The lead there is the report being released today by the State Department which sharply criticizes China for its treatment of religious groups , especially Christians .
the lead there is the report being [freed] today by the state department which sharply criticizes china for its treatment of religious groups , especially christians .

In reporting that the Ritz Hotel released security video tape that show Diana and her party leaving the hotel in an apparently orderly manner , the paper quotes an Al-Fayed spokesman 's explanation for doing so : `` The Ritz Hotel has been accused of what amounts to negligence or worse . ''
in reporting that the ritz hotel [freed] security video tape that show diana and her party leaving the hotel in an apparently orderly manner , the paper quotes an al-fayed spokesman 's explanation for doing so : `` the ritz hotel has been accused of what amounts to negligence or worse . ''

The NYT Medicare story is that the General Accounting Office has just released a report uncovering widespread fraud , overcharges , and poor care in Medicare-funded services for the homebound elderly .
the nyt medicare story is that the general accounting office has just [freed] a report uncovering widespread fraud , overcharges , and poor care in medicare-funded services for the homebound elderly .

The following passage from the WP about the photographers under investigation shows the meta-levels the story has now ascended to : `` As they were released and their handcuffs removed , the suspects slipped out side entrances to the huge courthouse building , avoiding the waiting banks of television and still cameras .
the following passage from the wp about the photographers under investigation shows the meta-levels the story has now ascended to : `` as they were [freed] and their handcuffs removed , the suspects slipped out side entrances to the huge courthouse building , avoiding the waiting banks of television and still cameras .

The weekend the book was released , a reporter asked Reagan for a comment about it as he entered church .
the weekend the book was [freed] , a reporter asked reagan for a comment about it as he entered church .

After some agonizing , I told Eisner that I would help out as a personal favor to him , but that when documents were released on Ovitz 's pay , I would review them as a critic .
after some agonizing , i told eisner that i would help out as a personal favor to him , but that when documents were [freed] on ovitz 's pay , i would review them as a critic .

It floats up from the sea of recently released recordings of conversations that Johnson taped secretly in July and August 1964 .
it floats up from the sea of recently [freed] recordings of conversations that johnson taped secretly in july and august 1964 .

A released prisoner would be given the equivalent of a parole services voucher .
a [freed] prisoner would be given the equivalent of a parole services voucher .

Take folk rocker Sinead O'Connor 's song `` Famine , '' released two years ago .
take folk rocker sinead o'connor 's song `` famine , '' [freed] two years ago .

As long as we 're asking annoying questions : Where are all the great films of John Cassavetes , most of which have not yet been released on video ?
as long as we 're asking annoying questions : where are all the great films of john cassavetes , most of which have not yet been [freed] on video ?

When Robeson visited Moscow during the anti-Jewish purges , Stalin released the Yiddish poet Itzak Feffer from a labor camp and had him cleaned up to see Robeson .
when robeson visited moscow during the anti-jewish purges , stalin [freed] the yiddish poet itzak feffer from a labor camp and had him cleaned up to see robeson .

The paper says $ 10,000 is now the price tag for a premium package for a newly released computer book , which includes the top slot on the site 's home page , an author profile or interview , and `` complete Amazon.com editorial review treatment . ''
the paper says $ 10,000 is now the price tag for a premium package for a newly [freed] computer book , which includes the top slot on the site 's home page , an author profile or interview , and `` complete amazon.com editorial review treatment . ''

The Los Angeles Times goes with word that a congressional study to be released today concludes that despite the much improved air quality in the Los Angeles Basin , Angelenos are still breathing unusually dangerous levels of cancer-causing pollutants , yielding a risk of cancer 426 times the safety standard established by the Clean Air Act .
the los angeles times goes with word that a congressional study to be [freed] today concludes that despite the much improved air quality in the los angeles basin , angelenos are still breathing unusually dangerous levels of cancer-causing pollutants , yielding a risk of cancer 426 times the safety standard established by the clean air act .

For instance , why wait until the 18th paragraph to reveal that the information in the study was previously collected by the state of California , which never released it ?
for instance , why wait until the 18th paragraph to reveal that the information in the study was previously collected by the state of california , which never [freed] it ?

The WP front says that a comprehensive study released yesterday concludes that mothers who work outside the home are not harming their children .
the wp front says that a comprehensive study [freed] yesterday concludes that mothers who work outside the home are not harming their children .

The WP runs a story inside poking fun at the list of top 100 most important news stories of all time released yesterday by a panel of journalists .
the wp runs a story inside poking fun at the list of top 100 most important news stories of all time [freed] yesterday by a panel of journalists .

Figures released by the Commerce Department show that the economy expanded by an unexpectedly vigorous 5.6 % in the last quarter of 1998 , with inflation and unemployment still deep in remission .
figures [freed] by the commerce department show that the economy expanded by an unexpectedly vigorous 5.6 % in the last quarter of 1998 , with inflation and unemployment still deep in remission .

Why it 's being released now -- instead of in the fall , when more serious-minded moviegoers could warm to it and keep it commercially viable through the first quarter award season -- is anyone 's guess .
why it 's being [freed] now -- instead of in the fall , when more serious-minded moviegoers could warm to it and keep it commercially viable through the first quarter award season -- is anyone 's guess .

The judge notes that in the past ten years or so , 53 people on death rows across the country have been released on DNA grounds .
the judge notes that in the past ten years or so , 53 people on death rows across the country have been [freed] on dna grounds .

My hopes were pinned on J.J. , the California gray whale nursed back to health by Sea World and then released into the ocean .
my hopes were pinned on j.j. , the california gray whale nursed back to health by sea world and then [freed] into the ocean .

The NYT and WP both run pieces on the newly released transcripts of Henry Kissinger conversing with Chinese and Russian leaders .
the nyt and wp both run pieces on the newly [freed] transcripts of henry kissinger conversing with chinese and russian leaders .

A front-page WSJ feature uses hundreds of Microsoft e-mail exchanges released in connection with the company 's myriad court cases as well as interviews with Microsoft officials to tell the story of what the paper calls the company 's heated internal conflict over whether or not to abandon Windows and its successor PC operating systems in favor of a programming base that would run on any kind of operating system reachable via the Internet .
a front-page wsj feature uses hundreds of microsoft e-mail exchanges [freed] in connection with the company 's myriad court cases as well as interviews with microsoft officials to tell the story of what the paper calls the company 's heated internal conflict over whether or not to abandon windows and its successor pc operating systems in favor of a programming base that would run on any kind of operating system reachable via the internet .

Both the NYT and WP run stories inside about the first comprehensive study of crimes involving American Indians , released Sunday by the Justice Department .
both the nyt and wp run stories inside about the first comprehensive study of crimes involving american indians , [freed] sunday by the justice department .

Mission accomplished ... until people actually started taking the prospect seriously , and in the wake of the bad press for Leo 's taking the role of a sadist , everyone released statements denying that anyone had agreed to anything .
mission accomplished ... until people actually started taking the prospect seriously , and in the wake of the bad press for leo 's taking the role of a sadist , everyone [freed] statements denying that anyone had agreed to anything .

In his survey of the recently released House and Senate financial disclosure forms , the WP 's Al Kamen notices that although Sen. Robert C. Smith is a big advocate of tort reform , his wife nevertheless collected a $ 175,000 jury verdict against the Sheraton Hotel for a slip and fall .
in his survey of the recently [freed] house and senate financial disclosure forms , the wp 's al kamen notices that although sen. robert c. smith is a big advocate of tort reform , his wife nevertheless collected a $ 175,000 jury verdict against the sheraton hotel for a slip and fall .

Ritter yesterday released a resignation letter in which he charged that the U.N. and the Clinton administration had blocked the work of the inspectors , who were `` on the doorstep '' of uncovering Iraq 's hidden weapons efforts .
ritter yesterday [freed] a resignation letter in which he charged that the u.n. and the clinton administration had blocked the work of the inspectors , who were `` on the doorstep '' of uncovering iraq 's hidden weapons efforts .

The Los Angeles Times leads with a GAO report to be released today warning that while raising the retirement age would enhance the solvency of the Social Security system , it also would cause serious health problems for blue-collar workers .
the los angeles times leads with a gao report to be [freed] today warning that while raising the retirement age would enhance the solvency of the social security system , it also would cause serious health problems for blue-collar workers .

The last words of Swissair Flight 111 's pilots -- captured by the cockpit voice recorder -- will not be released to the public , according to an inside article at the WP .
the last words of swissair flight 111 's pilots -- captured by the cockpit voice recorder -- will not be [freed] to the public , according to an inside article at the wp .

The NYT lead describes what America will see on Monday morning when President Clinton 's taped testimony is released .
the nyt lead describes what america will see on monday morning when president clinton 's taped testimony is [freed] .

The committee 's big dispute -- other than whether to release -- was over what to delete from the released materials .
the committee 's big dispute -- other than whether to release -- was over what to delete from the [freed] materials .

Usat explains the political timing of Clinton 's announcement : A General Accounting Office report to be released Monday will make `` explosive '' charges of lax federal enforcement .
usat explains the political timing of clinton 's announcement : a general accounting office report to be [freed] monday will make `` explosive '' charges of lax federal enforcement .

Unlike the others , the Wall Street Journal highlights the economy 's fundamentals , running a piece noting that the three economic reports released yesterday -- the index of leading economic indicators , one on construction spending , and a purchasing index -- show a slow-down , but `` nowhere near a recession . ''
unlike the others , the wall street journal highlights the economy 's fundamentals , running a piece noting that the three economic reports [freed] yesterday -- the index of leading economic indicators , one on construction spending , and a purchasing index -- show a slow-down , but `` nowhere near a recession . ''

Everybody picks over the new Lewinsky material released yesterday .
everybody picks over the new lewinsky material [freed] yesterday .

Liu was released after signing confessions that she broke laws regarding press accreditation and the interviewing of dissidents .
liu was [freed] after signing confessions that she broke laws regarding press accreditation and the interviewing of dissidents .

The Washington Post goes with a report being released today by congressional Democrats documenting that the tobacco industry is providing more travel to members of Congress on corporate jets than any other industry .
the washington post goes with a report being [freed] today by congressional democrats documenting that the tobacco industry is providing more travel to members of congress on corporate jets than any other industry .

If one misbehaves , he will not be released till his L.D.R .
if one misbehaves , he will not be [freed] till his l.d.r .

Once the design was released , the name bruin was suggested by many people , but the name that appears to be winning is doubloonie , combining the double loonie with a reference to a traditional coin said to be favoured by pirates—again , a not-too-subtle satirical reference to the appetite for taxation of most governments .
once the design was [freed] , the name bruin was suggested by many people , but the name that appears to be winning is doubloonie , combining the double loonie with a reference to a traditional coin said to be favoured by pirates—again , a not-too-subtle satirical reference to the appetite for taxation of most governments .

The flim , starring Oliver Reed , was released in Britain in 1964 as The System — the system being one to pull birds — and in the US as The Girl-Getters , a more explicit rendering of the same idea .
the flim , starring oliver reed , was [freed] in britain in 1964 as the system — the system being one to pull birds — and in the us as the girl-getters , a more explicit rendering of the same idea .

Talking about the naming of things , their most famous song , Yesterday , was originally released on an LP in the US as an instrumental with the title Scrambled Eggs .
talking about the naming of things , their most famous song , yesterday , was originally [freed] on an lp in the us as an instrumental with the title scrambled eggs .

When the anchor men released the glider , it flew into the air like a model airplane launched by a rubber band .
when the anchor men [freed] the glider , it flew into the air like a model airplane launched by a rubber band .

Released at the behest of friends , he left for England in October 1871 , with a box of paints , some books , and his gun .
[freed] at the behest of friends , he left for england in october 1871 , with a box of paints , some books , and his gun .

The revision includes material collected in the period 1950-55 , but written up at a later date after Thirty-five was released from prison .
the revision includes material collected in the period 1950-55 , but written up at a later date after thirty-five was [freed] from prison .

In such cases , “ the ” is followed by a real or implied “ well-known ” or some equivalent thereof , to wit , ( internationally ) famous , beloved , notorious , undisputed , disputed , recently released ( or Escaped ) , prize-winning , novelist , etc .
in such cases , “ the ” is followed by a real or implied “ well-known ” or some equivalent thereof , to wit , ( internationally ) famous , beloved , notorious , undisputed , disputed , recently [freed] ( or escaped ) , prize-winning , novelist , etc .

