The program was instituted in 1940 , and releases are available only from the Recording Laboratory of the Library of Congress , Washington 25 , D.C. .
the program was instituted in 1940 , and [frees] are available only from the recording laboratory of the library of congress , washington 25 , d.c. .

Howard Mitchell and the National Symphony perform in the first two releases , designed for grades one and two .
howard mitchell and the national symphony perform in the first two [frees] , designed for grades one and two .

All of the releases , however , are recorded at a gratifyingly high level , with resultant masking of any surface noise .
all of the [frees] , however , are recorded at a gratifyingly high level , with resultant masking of any surface noise .

Seen in perspective , many of these releases have a genuine claim to be milestones .
seen in perspective , many of these [frees] have a genuine claim to be milestones .

When served in a psychological atmosphere that allows young bodies to assimilate the greatest good from what they eat because they are free from tension , a foundation is laid for a high level of health that releases the children from physical handicaps to participate with enjoyment in the work assignments , the athletic programs and the most important phase , the educational opportunities .
when served in a psychological atmosphere that allows young bodies to assimilate the greatest good from what they eat because they are free from tension , a foundation is laid for a high level of health that [frees] the children from physical handicaps to participate with enjoyment in the work assignments , the athletic programs and the most important phase , the educational opportunities .

The press releases emanating from the White House give a clue to the activity within .
the press [frees] emanating from the white house give a clue to the activity within .

Proposed property sales of general interest to small business concerns are publicized through SBA regional news releases , and by `` flyers '' directed to the small business concerns .
proposed property sales of general interest to small business concerns are publicized through sba regional news [frees] , and by `` flyers '' directed to the small business concerns .

Instead of isolating the literal flatness by specifying and circumscribing it , the pasted paper or cloth releases and spreads it , and the artist seems to have nothing left but this undepicted flatness with which to finish as well as start his picture .
instead of isolating the literal flatness by specifying and circumscribing it , the pasted paper or cloth [frees] and spreads it , and the artist seems to have nothing left but this undepicted flatness with which to finish as well as start his picture .

It 's got 4 terminals , which are pressed against the body of an opponant and a trigger releases the current .
it 's got 4 terminals , which are pressed against the body of an opponant and a trigger [frees] the current .

Violent attacks and sex offences followed Hanson 's previous releases from prison .
violent attacks and sex offences followed hanson 's previous [frees] from prison .

Most of the releases have got
most of the [frees] have got

Well i if his mate comes in , like he 's got a good mate , so if his mate comes in he releases his mate early so if he releases him early , he could be er it takes him about thirty five to forty minutes . But like he might come in say twenty past eleven something
well i if his mate comes in , like he 's got a good mate , so if his mate comes in he [frees] his mate early so if he [frees] him early , he could be er it takes him about thirty five to forty minutes . but like he might come in say twenty past eleven something

The releases could be part of China 's bid to sway the International Olympic Committee to award the 2000 Olympics to Beijing , which has made clear it will do anything to win the Games .
the [frees] could be part of china 's bid to sway the international olympic committee to award the 2000 olympics to beijing , which has made clear it will do anything to win the games .

James Bulger funeral date set after coroner releases body
james bulger funeral date set after coroner [frees] body

He has now demanded that the Scottish Secretary , Ian Lang , releases those reports .
he has now demanded that the scottish secretary , ian lang , [frees] those reports .

Nowadays , the Zany Couriers of the Inland Revenue dispatch a sheaf of press releases to newspapers , television and radio channels throughout the country one minute after the Chancellor sits down .
nowadays , the zany couriers of the inland revenue dispatch a sheaf of press [frees] to newspapers , television and radio channels throughout the country one minute after the chancellor sits down .

‘ We know that an hour of mirth is enough to lower our adrenalin levels and also lower the levels of the hormones which the body releases during stress .
‘ we know that an hour of mirth is enough to lower our adrenalin levels and also lower the levels of the hormones which the body [frees] during stress .

If means of production remain in use for 20 years ( a reasonable figure ) then the scrapping of old ones releases some 5 per cent of the work force to work with new equipment every year .
if means of production remain in use for 20 years ( a reasonable figure ) then the scrapping of old ones [frees] some 5 per cent of the work force to work with new equipment every year .

Liz , who lives at Bedale , sees the need for home-care as increasing in the near future as the Government releases more funds .
liz , who lives at bedale , sees the need for home-care as increasing in the near future as the government [frees] more funds .

Since forming in ' in Brighton , they have steadily built up a huge following thanks to classy record releases and action-packed live shows .
since forming in ' in brighton , they have steadily built up a huge following thanks to classy record [frees] and action-packed live shows .

There are all sorts of people involved and the various underground factions , that maybe that one has , er as , probably as an afterthought er considered that , that maybe money in the release of any Western hostages , that may be where the story has come from , but certainly from the informed sources , and the , the , er certainly on the evidence of past hostages releases , er we would n't really have expected that er ransom would be demanded , obviously we have to wait and see when er , when the hostages are set free .
there are all sorts of people involved and the various underground factions , that maybe that one has , er as , probably as an afterthought er considered that , that maybe money in the release of any western hostages , that may be where the story has come from , but certainly from the informed sources , and the , the , er certainly on the evidence of past hostages [frees] , er we would n't really have expected that er ransom would be demanded , obviously we have to wait and see when er , when the hostages are set free .

er Well it 's been allocated to the Oxford Group and the Central Amnesty found its information through er government releases , the media in Vietnam and er people from , who 've left Vietnam since .
er well it 's been allocated to the oxford group and the central amnesty found its information through er government [frees] , the media in vietnam and er people from , who 've left vietnam since .

What we really want to do is to get him to respond to some of our press releases and to comment from his perspective of what the press is actually looking for .
what we really want to do is to get him to respond to some of our press [frees] and to comment from his perspective of what the press is actually looking for .

Shall we move over to press releases and then you can ask questions generally ?
shall we move over to press [frees] and then you can ask questions generally ?

releases again .
[frees] again .

Our releases to air and water are falling steadily .
our [frees] to air and water are falling steadily .

Monohydrate is an alternative form which releases oxygen at lower temperatures , but has disadvantages — including that we would have to make considerable expenditure on a new plant .
monohydrate is an alternative form which [frees] oxygen at lower temperatures , but has disadvantages — including that we would have to make considerable expenditure on a new plant .

Cutting copper releases from Wilton to a quarter of their 1990 level .
cutting copper [frees] from wilton to a quarter of their 1990 level .

Press releases are sent to all local media in advance , and can be very successful in generating local interest before the sales team
press [frees] are sent to all local media in advance , and can be very successful in generating local interest before the sales team

Yeah , but you 've got your feet down and you 're towing summat , and then suddenly it releases , it just goes er forward a bit dun n it ?
yeah , but you 've got your feet down and you 're towing summat , and then suddenly it [frees] , it just goes er forward a bit dun n it ?

Although greater attention tends to be lavished upon Leo Fender 's 6-string designs , in the time between the releases of his Telecaster and Stratocaster , Leo demonstrated his ability to create without precedent , inventing from scratch the electric bass guitar .
although greater attention tends to be lavished upon leo fender 's 6-string designs , in the time between the [frees] of his telecaster and stratocaster , leo demonstrated his ability to create without precedent , inventing from scratch the electric bass guitar .

Album releases are hindered by the artist 's lack of independent celebrity and the skid row of budget-bin city is often the final resting place for many recordings that deserve much , much better .
album [frees] are hindered by the artist 's lack of independent celebrity and the skid row of budget-bin city is often the final resting place for many recordings that deserve much , much better .

This catfish exhibits an usual form of ‘ parental care ’ , not dissimilar to that of the cuckoo — which is infamous for laying its eggs in the nests of other birds and leaving them to be hatched and raised by the involuntary ‘ foster-parents ’ In the case of Synodontis multipunctatus , it swims in and out among mouth-brooding cichlids which are in the throes of spawning and releases its eggs at the same time as the cichlid , whose eggs it often devours .
this catfish exhibits an usual form of ‘ parental care ’ , not dissimilar to that of the cuckoo — which is infamous for laying its eggs in the nests of other birds and leaving them to be hatched and raised by the involuntary ‘ foster-parents ’ in the case of synodontis multipunctatus , it swims in and out among mouth-brooding cichlids which are in the throes of spawning and [frees] its eggs at the same time as the cichlid , whose eggs it often devours .

But though New Cross is n't so good they had to name it twice , it 's still a place worth a song of its own , having once lent its name to New Cross Records , a Charly offshoot that provided a home for some Dillinger and Bob Marley releases .
but though new cross is n't so good they had to name it twice , it 's still a place worth a song of its own , having once lent its name to new cross records , a charly offshoot that provided a home for some dillinger and bob marley [frees] .

However , what offended was that you lumped Ipswich in with Norwich in ‘ ten recent Norwich releases you should own ’ .
however , what offended was that you lumped ipswich in with norwich in ‘ ten recent norwich [frees] you should own ’ .

It should have been ‘ ten recent East Anglia releases you should own .
it should have been ‘ ten recent east anglia [frees] you should own .

From the days when the quality of Ocean 's general releases was a tad suspect came Highlander , a dire sword-fight game with tenuous links to the original script .
from the days when the quality of ocean 's general [frees] was a tad suspect came highlander , a dire sword-fight game with tenuous links to the original script .

Electrical equipment is a source of low radiation and it also releases chemicals when warm .
electrical equipment is a source of low radiation and it also [frees] chemicals when warm .

Never combine powerful cleaners such as bleach and ammonia , as this releases highly toxic vapours .
never combine powerful cleaners such as bleach and ammonia , as this [frees] highly toxic vapours .

This special tool has a piece of quartz built in to it which releases energy — the spark — when it 's squeezed .
this special tool has a piece of quartz built in to it which [frees] energy — the spark — when it 's squeezed .

In addition , details of over 150 art videos are available from The Artist ( price £7/50 ) and back copies will have reviews of many of the recent releases .
in addition , details of over 150 art videos are available from the artist ( price £7/50 ) and back copies will have reviews of many of the recent [frees] .

Now that SunSoft has committed to new Solaris releases every six months , the features requirement list for each release closes some six months before the final code specification and the release date are fixed .
now that sunsoft has committed to new solaris [frees] every six months , the features requirement list for each release closes some six months before the final code specification and the release date are fixed .

‘ The Turning Point ’ is also one of the label 's strongest releases for some time and it 's the ever popular Terrace front of Stefan Robbers that once again leads Djax out into new regions .
‘ the turning point ’ is also one of the label 's strongest [frees] for some time and it 's the ever popular terrace front of stefan robbers that once again leads djax out into new regions .

An action potential in the presynaptic neuron releases neurotransmitter into the cleft .
an action potential in the presynaptic neuron [frees] neurotransmitter into the cleft .

Then carefully go through your list , item by item , noting any idea which seems to leap off the page , makes you tingle or glow , or releases energy somewhere in your body .
then carefully go through your list , item by item , noting any idea which seems to leap off the page , makes you tingle or glow , or [frees] energy somewhere in your body .

His election releases asked : ‘ What future would there be … if Labour were in control of government … immigration controls abandoned ?
his election [frees] asked : ‘ what future would there be … if labour were in control of government … immigration controls abandoned ?

Press releases are printed on recycled paper and the promotion of environmental goods and services is encouraged .
press [frees] are printed on recycled paper and the promotion of environmental goods and services is encouraged .

To justify its ways , this week the council releases the first draft of its National Arts and Media Strategy .
to justify its ways , this week the council [frees] the first draft of its national arts and media strategy .

They are the opposite of new releases : new captivities .
they are the opposite of new [frees] : new captivities .

There are all kinds of releases .
there are all kinds of [frees] .

An assistant can hold the kite vertically by the leading edges , and as a ground level breeze fills the sail , releases rather than throws the kite , with the lines kept taut .
an assistant can hold the kite vertically by the leading edges , and as a ground level breeze fills the sail , [frees] rather than throws the kite , with the lines kept taut .

No future plans for record releases have been made as yet , but it is understood that the band are working on their first album proper , following last year 's singles-compilation ‘ Gala ’ .
no future plans for record [frees] have been made as yet , but it is understood that the band are working on their first album proper , following last year 's singles-compilation ‘ gala ’ .

Press releases given in technical language , with a large number of figures and percentages , were not easy to listen to and understand when broadcast .
press [frees] given in technical language , with a large number of figures and percentages , were not easy to listen to and understand when broadcast .

Releases money currently tied up in a depreciating asset on which no direct return is being obtained or capital employed .
[frees] money currently tied up in a depreciating asset on which no direct return is being obtained or capital employed .

Avoiding fatty and sugary foods releases calories which can be more usefully directed toward the complex carbohydrates .
avoiding fatty and sugary foods [frees] calories which can be more usefully directed toward the complex carbohydrates .

Soothing remedies : take aspirin — it inhibits prostaglandin formation ( sunburn releases it in the body ) and will considerably reduce soreness and redness if taken early enough .
soothing remedies : take aspirin — it inhibits prostaglandin formation ( sunburn [frees] it in the body ) and will considerably reduce soreness and redness if taken early enough .

As we said when introducing an earlier case , managers have to learn to make sense of all kinds of technical documents , so we are not going to apologise for making you wade through a selection of press releases , offers and the like .
as we said when introducing an earlier case , managers have to learn to make sense of all kinds of technical documents , so we are not going to apologise for making you wade through a selection of press [frees] , offers and the like .

It was conducted by various means , including letters and even tapes sent to shareholders , press releases , national advertisements and a good deal of ‘ lobbying ’ of financial correspondents and commentators .
it was conducted by various means , including letters and even tapes sent to shareholders , press [frees] , national advertisements and a good deal of ‘ lobbying ’ of financial correspondents and commentators .

The complexity of new technology ( for users ) is high at first , but again decreases with subsequent releases of the product .
the complexity of new technology ( for users ) is high at first , but again decreases with subsequent [frees] of the product .

For a registration fee of just £19.97 you get a professionally printed manual , 90-day user support , a 90-day money-back guarantee and news of future releases and discounts .
for a registration fee of just £19.97 you get a professionally printed manual , 90-day user support , a 90-day money-back guarantee and news of future [frees] and discounts .

That said , future releases promise to be very interesting .
that said , future [frees] promise to be very interesting .

This is a strong answer to the question in hand , but it releases a sea of epistemological troubles .
this is a strong answer to the question in hand , but it [frees] a sea of epistemological troubles .

And if this water then comes into contact with air from a cave passage it releases some of the carbon dioxide gas contained within it .
and if this water then comes into contact with air from a cave passage it [frees] some of the carbon dioxide gas contained within it .

‘ John releases his pent-up aggression by hitting his mother . ’
‘ john [frees] his pent-up aggression by hitting his mother . ’

’ The company also closely checks the ages and identification of all performers and obtains legal releases from them .
’ the company also closely checks the ages and identification of all performers and obtains legal [frees] from them .

‘ The self-consciousness allows [ the performer ] the pleasure of exhibitionism [ while their ] blatant self-display releases them from guilt and invites a similarly shameless gaze from the spectator , whose participation is implicit throughout , ’ James writes .
‘ the self-consciousness allows [ the performer ] the pleasure of exhibitionism [ while their ] blatant self-display [frees] them from guilt and invites a similarly shameless gaze from the spectator , whose participation is implicit throughout , ’ james writes .

And the grandmother 's homily in all its macabre detail , leading up to ‘ so if the dead could shave there 's no excuse for the living ’ releases a humorous response because it seems just what a respectable parent would say , in desperation to whip her errant son back to the straight ‘ n ’ narrow .
and the grandmother 's homily in all its macabre detail , leading up to ‘ so if the dead could shave there 's no excuse for the living ’ [frees] a humorous response because it seems just what a respectable parent would say , in desperation to whip her errant son back to the straight ‘ n ’ narrow .

The lovers ' attempts to escape are frustrated , but the opera ends happily since the Pasha decides that magnanimity is the best course and releases all of them .
the lovers ' attempts to escape are frustrated , but the opera ends happily since the pasha decides that magnanimity is the best course and [frees] all of them .

Thus a crack two microns deep releases four times as much strain energy as one one micron deep and so on .
thus a crack two microns deep [frees] four times as much strain energy as one one micron deep and so on .

Thus a crack two microns deep has twice the surface energy of a crack one micron deep but as we have seen it releases four times as much strain energy .
thus a crack two microns deep has twice the surface energy of a crack one micron deep but as we have seen it [frees] four times as much strain energy .

To help you get to grips with this new world of adventure here is a guide to the best of the New Year releases and when they will be available .
to help you get to grips with this new world of adventure here is a guide to the best of the new year [frees] and when they will be available .

This just produces a swift blood sugar surge which rapidly declines — a solid breakfast which releases energy slowly is far better .
this just produces a swift blood sugar surge which rapidly declines — a solid breakfast which [frees] energy slowly is far better .

Every year on average the Faculty , on behalf of the whole membership , issues some two dozen technical releases , makes around 70 submissions to Government departments ( most of which are not published ) , and attends about 24 meetings with these departments .
every year on average the faculty , on behalf of the whole membership , issues some two dozen technical [frees] , makes around 70 submissions to government departments ( most of which are not published ) , and attends about 24 meetings with these departments .

It was illogical to accept that an accord and satisfaction fell within s 286 ( 5 ) but fell outside s 287 ( 1 ) , which referred to where a company releases or writes off the whole or part of the debt .
it was illogical to accept that an accord and satisfaction fell within s 286 ( 5 ) but fell outside s 287 ( 1 ) , which referred to where a company [frees] or writes off the whole or part of the debt .

Dismissing the taxpayers ' appeals , Lord Justice Nourse said that the ordinary meaning of ‘ release ’ comprehended both a release given for full consideration and one given gratuitously , or for less than full consideration , and there was no warrant for putting the limitation , as contended by the tax-payers , on the word ‘ releases ’ in s 287 ( 1 ) .
dismissing the taxpayers ' appeals , lord justice nourse said that the ordinary meaning of ‘ release ’ comprehended both a release given for full consideration and one given gratuitously , or for less than full consideration , and there was no warrant for putting the limitation , as contended by the tax-payers , on the word ‘ [frees] ’ in s 287 ( 1 ) .

If Parliament had intended the word to mean ‘ releases other than for value ’ , it could and had to say so .
if parliament had intended the word to mean ‘ [frees] other than for value ’ , it could and had to say so .

The dance responds to another rhythm — the violent modern dissonances of Stravinsky 's famous musical score and spring releases itself with a boundless , dangerous energy in movements tense , muscular and frankly sensual .
the dance responds to another rhythm — the violent modern dissonances of stravinsky 's famous musical score and spring [frees] itself with a boundless , dangerous energy in movements tense , muscular and frankly sensual .

Reporters could not attend meetings , press releases were couched in generalities and favoured the conservative line .
reporters could not attend meetings , press [frees] were couched in generalities and favoured the conservative line .

The letter states that efforts will be made to create a ‘ fair distribution ’ of press releases , and holds out the olive-branch of club membership before the next company-reporting season in November .
the letter states that efforts will be made to create a ‘ fair distribution ’ of press [frees] , and holds out the olive-branch of club membership before the next company-reporting season in november .

The first cell releases a chemical called a neurotransmitter into the synaptic gap .
the first cell [frees] a chemical called a neurotransmitter into the synaptic gap .

Beating up cushions releases the feelings pent up in the shoulders — but such forms of catharsis are sometimes thought to be all right for Californians but not for the rest of us .
beating up cushions [frees] the feelings pent up in the shoulders — but such forms of catharsis are sometimes thought to be all right for californians but not for the rest of us .

In 1923 she recorded ‘ Downhearted Blues ’ , one of the 14 releases Bessie had on Columbia that year , and it became a million seller , helping to save the company from certain bankruptcy .
in 1923 she recorded ‘ downhearted blues ’ , one of the 14 [frees] bessie had on columbia that year , and it became a million seller , helping to save the company from certain bankruptcy .

Let me introduce you to the world of press releases .
let me introduce you to the world of press [frees] .

The owners of Land 's End are experts at the game and my friend Des Hannigan , who 's been working as a journalist down there for a few years , tells me they spray press releases at the local media with mad abandon .
the owners of land 's end are experts at the game and my friend des hannigan , who 's been working as a journalist down there for a few years , tells me they spray press [frees] at the local media with mad abandon .

The culmination of years of selective breeding — Richard Tisbury releases a Sanke .
the culmination of years of selective breeding — richard tisbury [frees] a sanke .

Old couplings usually stick tight , and the easiest way to remove them is to take them apart , using one or two small screwdrivers to prise off the end cover ring , which releases the pressure , and then remove the barrel , synthetic seal and cover ring .
old couplings usually stick tight , and the easiest way to remove them is to take them apart , using one or two small screwdrivers to prise off the end cover ring , which [frees] the pressure , and then remove the barrel , synthetic seal and cover ring .

The loss of the grip of the family during the critical adolescent years releases the youth from the ‘ straightening ’ influences , thus making him amenable to other fields of force .
the loss of the grip of the family during the critical adolescent years [frees] the youth from the ‘ straightening ’ influences , thus making him amenable to other fields of force .

Releases of Informix 6.0 software will begin next year , the firm said .
[frees] of informix 6.0 software will begin next year , the firm said .

The report spans 74 pages and contains the statements of the North American and Asian participants and the press releases issued after the consultation .
the report spans 74 pages and contains the statements of the north american and asian participants and the press [frees] issued after the consultation .

The first releases occurred in mid-July when the government commuted all death sentences and proclaimed an amnesty for all political and some criminal prisoners .
the first [frees] occurred in mid-july when the government commuted all death sentences and proclaimed an amnesty for all political and some criminal prisoners .

The releases were temporarily suspended in late July when each side accused the other of failing to respect the terms of their agreement .
the [frees] were temporarily suspended in late july when each side accused the other of failing to respect the terms of their agreement .

He speaks with delight of the recent pardons and releases of many hundreds of political prisoners in Morocco , giving the credit for the releases to Amnesty 's ‘ magnificent Morocco campaign ’ .
he speaks with delight of the recent pardons and [frees] of many hundreds of political prisoners in morocco , giving the credit for the [frees] to amnesty 's ‘ magnificent morocco campaign ’ .

Massive electrical energy releases underground have reduced the accuracy of our equipment by seventy one per cent .
massive electrical energy [frees] underground have reduced the accuracy of our equipment by seventy one per cent .

Their first two releases were million sellers , ‘ Two Tribes ’ went straight into the charts at number 1 and was the inescapable sound of the summer ; ‘ Relax ’ ( in all its remixed varieties ) was a permanent hit , the most successful twelve-inch ever .
their first two [frees] were million sellers , ‘ two tribes ’ went straight into the charts at number 1 and was the inescapable sound of the summer ; ‘ relax ’ ( in all its remixed varieties ) was a permanent hit , the most successful twelve-inch ever .

The remaining material in Volume 1 — the so-called ‘ additional analyses ’ — which included detailed information about departmental subprogrammes and the English , Scottish and Welsh components should take more time to produce and be made available in alternative ways , as technical releases , in the spring .
the remaining material in volume 1 — the so-called ‘ additional analyses ’ — which included detailed information about departmental subprogrammes and the english , scottish and welsh components should take more time to produce and be made available in alternative ways , as technical [frees] , in the spring .

The brandy releases its poisonous fumes into the air already richly scented by unknown blooms .
the brandy [frees] its poisonous fumes into the air already richly scented by unknown blooms .

Male cotton leafworm moths fare better , because the first to arrive at the female releases a scent which acts as a jamming signal on its competitors .
male cotton leafworm moths fare better , because the first to arrive at the female [frees] a scent which acts as a jamming signal on its competitors .

The oriental fruit moth releases its perfume from white brush-like hairs on top of its abdomen and then fans the fragrance towards the female .
the oriental fruit moth [frees] its perfume from white brush-like hairs on top of its abdomen and then fans the fragrance towards the female .

The queen termite even releases a guide scent which determines the exact dimensions of the queen chamber .
the queen termite even [frees] a guide scent which determines the exact dimensions of the queen chamber .

Some recent releases to take away
some recent [frees] to take away

For her , coitus releases progesterone into her system , calming her , but not taking her into sleep .
for her , coitus [frees] progesterone into her system , calming her , but not taking her into sleep .

The board holds the funds in escrow for five years , during which it releases amounts only for attorney 's fees , and in some cases , for expenses incurred in earning the literary income .
the board holds the funds in escrow for five years , during which it [frees] amounts only for attorney 's fees , and in some cases , for expenses incurred in earning the literary income .

According to Taheri , Britain regarded the hostage-takers as criminals and saw the problem largely in terms of policing , rather than negotiating , which was why British hostages were a low priority and would be bottom of the list when it came to any subsequent releases .
according to taheri , britain regarded the hostage-takers as criminals and saw the problem largely in terms of policing , rather than negotiating , which was why british hostages were a low priority and would be bottom of the list when it came to any subsequent [frees] .

Yet despite the general improvement in relations and these two releases , we were n't confident that we would soon follow .
yet despite the general improvement in relations and these two [frees] , we were n't confident that we would soon follow .

It is not often that the Organ publishes press releases , but an exception might usefully be made in the case of the handouts by Random House about the personnel changes there . To wit :
it is not often that the organ publishes press [frees] , but an exception might usefully be made in the case of the handouts by random house about the personnel changes there . to wit :

Nothing , it seems , comes out of Brussels without being accompanied by hundreds of press releases from the computer industry .
nothing , it seems , comes out of brussels without being accompanied by hundreds of press [frees] from the computer industry .

The advertisements for two brands , for example , make extravagant claims : ‘ Guaranteed to stop you smoking ’ ( Nicostop ) ; ‘ With Nicoban 's help you stop smoking painlessly , simply , permanently … You wear it on your arm , and it releases a measured dosage of nicotine extract throughout the day which really does take away the desire to smoke .
the advertisements for two brands , for example , make extravagant claims : ‘ guaranteed to stop you smoking ’ ( nicostop ) ; ‘ with nicoban 's help you stop smoking painlessly , simply , permanently … you wear it on your arm , and it [frees] a measured dosage of nicotine extract throughout the day which really does take away the desire to smoke .

When light strikes the silicon , it releases electrons that move through the material .
when light strikes the silicon , it [frees] electrons that move through the material .

The only conflict about housing land in Cramlington during the preparation and revision of the Northumberland Structure Plan was about releases in relation to total numbers .
the only conflict about housing land in cramlington during the preparation and revision of the northumberland structure plan was about [frees] in relation to total numbers .

Goody points out that the written form of language releases us from the linear experiential mode : ‘ the fact that it takes a visual form means that one can escape from the problem of the succession of events in time , by backtracking , skipping , looking to see who-done-it before we know what it is they did .
goody points out that the written form of language [frees] us from the linear experiential mode : ‘ the fact that it takes a visual form means that one can escape from the problem of the succession of events in time , by backtracking , skipping , looking to see who-done-it before we know what it is they did .

Eventually she releases them .
eventually she [frees] them .

When she hunts , she whirls this around her head and releases it as an insect flies by .
when she hunts , she whirls this around her head and [frees] it as an insect flies by .

Negotiations over the final contract were still going on as the first DinDisc releases appeared .
negotiations over the final contract were still going on as the first dindisc [frees] appeared .

The reason why a release to one debtor releases all jointly liable is , because , unless it was held to do so , the co-debtor , after paying the debt , might sue him who was released for contribution , and so in effect he would not be released ; but that reason does not apply where the debtor released agrees to such a qualification of the release as will leave him liable to any rights of the co-debtor .
the reason why a release to one debtor [frees] all jointly liable is , because , unless it was held to do so , the co-debtor , after paying the debt , might sue him who was released for contribution , and so in effect he would not be released ; but that reason does not apply where the debtor released agrees to such a qualification of the release as will leave him liable to any rights of the co-debtor .

‘ Now , in point of law , it is not to be disputed that a release to one of several joint debtors releases them all .
‘ now , in point of law , it is not to be disputed that a release to one of several joint debtors [frees] them all .

If there is no limitation , the effect of the document is that it releases the claim against both co-debtors .
if there is no limitation , the effect of the document is that it [frees] the claim against both co-debtors .

Some have seen this as illogical , and so it would be if the only reason for the rule that the release of one joint contractor releases the other is that there is only one obligation .
some have seen this as illogical , and so it would be if the only reason for the rule that the release of one joint contractor [frees] the other is that there is only one obligation .

The Messiah has done for us what we could never do in putting us in the right with God ; and the gift of his Spirit releases us from the need to try to justify ourselves .
the messiah has done for us what we could never do in putting us in the right with god ; and the gift of his spirit [frees] us from the need to try to justify ourselves .

Both releases are thanks to Ensign Records , the label responsible for Sinead O'Connor .
both [frees] are thanks to ensign records , the label responsible for sinead o'connor .

This mixture of soul and mysticism is what makes Ensign releases special .
this mixture of soul and mysticism is what makes ensign [frees] special .

All tracks have been specially remixed in Q-Sound , a revolutionary technique which supposedly gives a quadraphonic effect from two stereo speakers and is one of the first ever releases to use this technique .
all tracks have been specially remixed in q-sound , a revolutionary technique which supposedly gives a quadraphonic effect from two stereo speakers and is one of the first ever [frees] to use this technique .

Other notable releases in a so-so week are the debut by The Stray Cats , ‘ Runaway Boys ’ , plus merry jingles from Throbbing Gristle and Devo — and the very first record by The Sisters of Mercy , ‘ The Damage Done ’ .
other notable [frees] in a so-so week are the debut by the stray cats , ‘ runaway boys ’ , plus merry jingles from throbbing gristle and devo — and the very first record by the sisters of mercy , ‘ the damage done ’ .

Two hours from the start and Newcastle finally releases its collective breath .
two hours from the start and newcastle finally [frees] its collective breath .

In many respects this releases the staff and pupils from the moral imperative and may well come closer to an authentic understanding of the pupil 's experience .
in many respects this [frees] the staff and pupils from the moral imperative and may well come closer to an authentic understanding of the pupil 's experience .

Solenopsis , for instance , releases its trail pheromone from its Pavan 's gland ; Myrmica from its poison gland ; Lasius from its rectal gland .
solenopsis , for instance , [frees] its trail pheromone from its pavan 's gland ; myrmica from its poison gland ; lasius from its rectal gland .

Such a campaign could include articles and press releases about improvements in accommodation , the development of the Supporters Club and other club matters .
such a campaign could include articles and press [frees] about improvements in accommodation , the development of the supporters club and other club matters .

Short-term pH changes , following the first heavy autumn rains , or especially in the early spring , when snowmelt releases acidic constituents accumulated during the winter , result in ‘ acid shock ’ which leads to fish mortality ( fish kills ) .
short-term ph changes , following the first heavy autumn rains , or especially in the early spring , when snowmelt [frees] acidic constituents accumulated during the winter , result in ‘ acid shock ’ which leads to fish mortality ( fish kills ) .

The contribution by human technological developments is relatively small at present but concern arises because radiation from human sources is ever increasing and because humanity has the potential , through accidental releases of radioactivity from nuclear reactors and through nuclear explosions , of creating substantial increases in local , regional and global levels of radioactivity .
the contribution by human technological developments is relatively small at present but concern arises because radiation from human sources is ever increasing and because humanity has the potential , through accidental [frees] of radioactivity from nuclear reactors and through nuclear explosions , of creating substantial increases in local , regional and global levels of radioactivity .

However , at most steps of the operations , releases occur through either the gaseous or the liquid effluent streams .
however , at most steps of the operations , [frees] occur through either the gaseous or the liquid effluent streams .

Although at present nuclear power generation contributes only 0.1 per cent of the total global radiation dose commitment , much public concern has been expressed on the potential local and regional effects of accidental releases of radioactive material .
although at present nuclear power generation contributes only 0.1 per cent of the total global radiation dose commitment , much public concern has been expressed on the potential local and regional effects of accidental [frees] of radioactive material .

Several studies have been made in which the probability of reactor accidents of various degrees of severity were estimated , and in which the environmental impacts of the radiation releases associated with these hypothetical accidents were calculated .
several studies have been made in which the probability of reactor accidents of various degrees of severity were estimated , and in which the environmental impacts of the radiation [frees] associated with these hypothetical accidents were calculated .

Westerly-flowing currents entering the Weddell Sea cause the development of a strong gyre , which carries a stream of cold , ice-filled surface water clockwise and releases it northward past the tip of Antarctic Peninsula and the South Orkney Islands .
westerly-flowing currents entering the weddell sea cause the development of a strong gyre , which carries a stream of cold , ice-filled surface water clockwise and [frees] it northward past the tip of antarctic peninsula and the south orkney islands .

The government had promised a White Paper on inner cities , but in March 1988 it produced instead a thirty-two page glossy colour brochure , Action for Cities , and twelve separate press releases .
the government had promised a white paper on inner cities , but in march 1988 it produced instead a thirty-two page glossy colour brochure , action for cities , and twelve separate press [frees] .

My New Year resolution is to make the postman 's lot a more fulfilling one by reading press releases .
my new year resolution is to make the postman 's lot a more fulfilling one by reading press [frees] .

Heaven has not issued any press releases , unless the Pope ( who is against the Gulf war ) knows something we do n't , but if it does , God will certainly disclaim responsibility for the most irresponsible war of the century .
heaven has not issued any press [frees] , unless the pope ( who is against the gulf war ) knows something we do n't , but if it does , god will certainly disclaim responsibility for the most irresponsible war of the century .

We have also used the services of the British Council in both countries and the media , through press releases .
we have also used the services of the british council in both countries and the media , through press [frees] .

In some way we do not fully understand , if one member of the family can do this it releases the energy of the others .
in some way we do not fully understand , if one member of the family can do this it [frees] the energy of the others .

‘ When hormone levels in the blood rise , due to anger or aggression , the device releases an artificial chemical which neutralizes other bodily fluids like adrenalin , ’ Dexter explained .
‘ when hormone levels in the blood rise , due to anger or aggression , the device [frees] an artificial chemical which neutralizes other bodily fluids like adrenalin , ’ dexter explained .

As soon as the patient feels anger , the device releases the chemical , calming him down again .
as soon as the patient feels anger , the device [frees] the chemical , calming him down again .

She then releases the spawn , trailing it in and amongst the stems and foliage of submerged plant life .
she then [frees] the spawn , trailing it in and amongst the stems and foliage of submerged plant life .

He hated being fobbed off , as he believed , with press releases from Wickham 's subordinates .
he hated being fobbed off , as he believed , with press [frees] from wickham 's subordinates .

These include statutory backing for a register of authorities and individuals considered competent to release genetically altered organisms and a committee to advise on whether individual such releases should be permitted .
these include statutory backing for a register of authorities and individuals considered competent to release genetically altered organisms and a committee to advise on whether individual such [frees] should be permitted .

However , the preparation of regular news releases circulated to the editor of your local paper and the newsroom or programme editor of your local radio may well get you into print .
however , the preparation of regular news [frees] circulated to the editor of your local paper and the newsroom or programme editor of your local radio may well get you into print .

Alternatively , a rumen bolus has been recently developed which releases the anthelmintic morantel over a 90 day period .
alternatively , a rumen bolus has been recently developed which [frees] the anthelmintic morantel over a 90 day period .

This is an addition to the original language specification and it can not be guaranteed to remain unchanged in future releases .
this is an addition to the original language specification and it can not be guaranteed to remain unchanged in future [frees] .

This is an addition to the original language specification and it can not be guaranteed to remain unchanged in future releases .
this is an addition to the original language specification and it can not be guaranteed to remain unchanged in future [frees] .

This releases more time within the inquiry unit allocation for the development of such information skills as note taking and , in particular , the important first step : defining a need for information .
this [frees] more time within the inquiry unit allocation for the development of such information skills as note taking and , in particular , the important first step : defining a need for information .

Easy to load and difficult to crash software is vital in a multi-work station class , as it releases the teacher to provide intellectual guidance rather than simply providing the services of a technician .
easy to load and difficult to crash software is vital in a multi-work station class , as it [frees] the teacher to provide intellectual guidance rather than simply providing the services of a technician .

Whilst the husband and wife as owners of the legal estate can make a conveyance or transfer as trustees to the wife alone as discussed in the previous section , there seems no good reason , when the husband conveys or releases his beneficial interest to the wife , why she should not receive the benefit of the " beneficial owner " covenants ( see Chapter 3 ) .
whilst the husband and wife as owners of the legal estate can make a conveyance or transfer as trustees to the wife alone as discussed in the previous section , there seems no good reason , when the husband conveys or [frees] his beneficial interest to the wife , why she should not receive the benefit of the " beneficial owner " covenants ( see chapter 3 ) .

Press releases , press conferences , radio and television interviews , speeches and articles all contribute to the Council 's profile .
press [frees] , press conferences , radio and television interviews , speeches and articles all contribute to the council 's profile .

During the year under review a total of 220 press releases , 15 press conferences and 70 radio and television interviews helped communicate the Council 's news and views in Scotland .
during the year under review a total of 220 press [frees] , 15 press conferences and 70 radio and television interviews helped communicate the council 's news and views in scotland .

Press releases , press conferences , radio and television interviews , speeches and articles all contribute to the Council 's profile .
press [frees] , press conferences , radio and television interviews , speeches and articles all contribute to the council 's profile .

During the year under review a total of 132 press releases , 12 press conferences and 67 radio and television interviews helped communicate the Council 's news and views in Scotland .
during the year under review a total of 132 press [frees] , 12 press conferences and 67 radio and television interviews helped communicate the council 's news and views in scotland .

And if that were not enough , the paper 's critic went on : ‘ His performance is continually kept from affectation by underlying cockney savagery ; he releases in us all the longing to put out tongues , chalk on walls and pull faces behind the back of authority . ’
and if that were not enough , the paper 's critic went on : ‘ his performance is continually kept from affectation by underlying cockney savagery ; he [frees] in us all the longing to put out tongues , chalk on walls and pull faces behind the back of authority . ’

Ken did n't have to put on drag in Carry On Screaming , the first of three 1966 releases , but in Carry On — Do n't Lose Your Head , he did get to wear a woman 's frilly corset which did n't go all that badly with the curled wig he wore as Citizen Camembert , the ‘ big cheese ’ of the French Revolutionary secret police .
ken did n't have to put on drag in carry on screaming , the first of three 1966 [frees] , but in carry on — do n't lose your head , he did get to wear a woman 's frilly corset which did n't go all that badly with the curled wig he wore as citizen camembert , the ‘ big cheese ’ of the french revolutionary secret police .

The vendor will then be in a similar position as if it were still the original tenant under the lease and it will remain liable if an assignee defaults unless the landlord releases to vendor in the licence to assign .
the vendor will then be in a similar position as if it were still the original tenant under the lease and it will remain liable if an assignee defaults unless the landlord [frees] to vendor in the licence to assign .

The burning releases nitrogen oxides and carbon monoxide , which react with sunlight to form ozone .
the burning [frees] nitrogen oxides and carbon monoxide , which react with sunlight to form ozone .

Draining peatbogs to plant trees releases more carbon dioxide than can ever be taken up and stored by the planted trees , according to a report by Friends of the Earth .
draining peatbogs to plant trees [frees] more carbon dioxide than can ever be taken up and stored by the planted trees , according to a report by friends of the earth .

This ban was imposed because the practice releases ammonia , a catalyst in the conversion of atmospheric sulphur dioxide into sulphate , thus accelerating the formation of acid rain .
this ban was imposed because the practice [frees] ammonia , a catalyst in the conversion of atmospheric sulphur dioxide into sulphate , thus accelerating the formation of acid rain .

Barn owl releases to be controlled
barn owl [frees] to be controlled

This assists the corals in the building of their skeletons , and releases oxygen which helps the corals respire .
this assists the corals in the building of their skeletons , and [frees] oxygen which helps the corals respire .

The spores of these plants develop into a thin filmy plant called the thallus which looks not unlike a liverwort and releases its sex cells from its underside where there is permanent moisture .
the spores of these plants develop into a thin filmy plant called the thallus which looks not unlike a liverwort and [frees] its sex cells from its underside where there is permanent moisture .

The female releases them by reaching forward with her hind leg , inserting her longest toe into the sac entrance and pulling it so that it enlarges and her young are able to clamber out .
the female [frees] them by reaching forward with her hind leg , inserting her longest toe into the sac entrance and pulling it so that it enlarges and her young are able to clamber out .

It quickly became evident that the telephone releases many of the inhibitions that are present in the standard referential research approach , and we have recorded long , frequently sophisticated , dialogues with children as young as seven years of age .
it quickly became evident that the telephone [frees] many of the inhibitions that are present in the standard referential research approach , and we have recorded long , frequently sophisticated , dialogues with children as young as seven years of age .

In the autumn , the Annual Film and Television Festival screens over 100 films at city cinemas , new releases , and classics feature in the varied programme .
in the autumn , the annual film and television festival screens over 100 films at city cinemas , new [frees] , and classics feature in the varied programme .

The Profitboss has the positive psychology of all successful people , a psychology which releases a surge of adrenalin whenever he experiences a setback or faces a seemingly insurmountable problem .
the profitboss has the positive psychology of all successful people , a psychology which [frees] a surge of adrenalin whenever he experiences a setback or faces a seemingly insurmountable problem .

At least one playable demo of one of the hottest new releases !
at least one playable demo of one of the hottest new [frees] !

Once you have an outline of your media relations programme worked out , and preferably written down , you will be ready to start thinking about the detailed use of tools such as media lists , press releases , competitions , press receptions , workshops , visits and special events .
once you have an outline of your media relations programme worked out , and preferably written down , you will be ready to start thinking about the detailed use of tools such as media lists , press [frees] , competitions , press receptions , workshops , visits and special events .

An alternative method of distribution is to use one of the agencies which specialist in the delivery of media releases . These include :
an alternative method of distribution is to use one of the agencies which specialist in the delivery of media [frees] . these include :

Releases and captions
[frees] and captions

But more often the numbers are such that one or perhaps a small number of different releases are duplicated and sent out by post or by telex to media selected from the lists detailed in Chapter 2 .
but more often the numbers are such that one or perhaps a small number of different [frees] are duplicated and sent out by post or by telex to media selected from the lists detailed in chapter 2 .

Releases will also be needed at any kind of event to which the media are invited , whether it is a top-level news conference , an exhibition press briefing or a sponsored sporting event .
[frees] will also be needed at any kind of event to which the media are invited , whether it is a top-level news conference , an exhibition press briefing or a sponsored sporting event .

Generally releases should be short , sharp and to the point .
generally [frees] should be short , sharp and to the point .

Always double check releases for the correct spellings of names , places and addresses , brands , lists , ingredients and the like .
always double check [frees] for the correct spellings of names , places and addresses , brands , lists , ingredients and the like .

If time permitted , separate releases might also be written on the firms which had already agreed to go to Tadchester .
if time permitted , separate [frees] might also be written on the firms which had already agreed to go to tadchester .

Checklist for writing releases
checklist for writing [frees]

Very often releases are accompanied by photographs and these can be very important .
very often [frees] are accompanied by photographs and these can be very important .

Like releases , captions should be kept short and to the point and unless the picture is going out as a photo-story with no separate release , this means very short indeed .
like [frees] , captions should be kept short and to the point and unless the picture is going out as a photo-story with no separate release , this means very short indeed .

This caption reflects the who , what , when , where and why questions important for good releases :
this caption reflects the who , what , when , where and why questions important for good [frees] :

It is just as important to ensure that the contact names , addresses and phone numbers are included on captions as on releases .
it is just as important to ensure that the contact names , addresses and phone numbers are included on captions as on [frees] .

The vast majority of releases are sent out by post .
the vast majority of [frees] are sent out by post .

All too often there is no strategic planning behind the use of media releases .
all too often there is no strategic planning behind the use of media [frees] .

Sadly the answer `` No `` is rarely given to this question and because of this a great many releases go out which are of marginal interest to the recipients .
sadly the answer `` no `` is rarely given to this question and because of this a great many [frees] go out which are of marginal interest to the recipients .

1 Write releases and captions to suit the needs of the media rather than the sometimes inflated ideas of management .
1 write [frees] and captions to suit the needs of the media rather than the sometimes inflated ideas of management .

4 Check all spellings , titles etc. in both releases and captions .
4 check all spellings , titles etc. in both [frees] and captions .

Photographs can be almost as important as news releases .
photographs can be almost as important as news [frees] .

6 Make a list of material which could generate ongoing coverage over a three- or six-month period and work out a plan for offering both general releases and specific feature material .
6 make a list of material which could generate ongoing coverage over a three- or six-month period and work out a plan for offering both general [frees] and specific feature material .

This releases the solids , which go to waste , and leaves the bed clean for reuse .
this [frees] the solids , which go to waste , and leaves the bed clean for reuse .

For example , at elevated temperatures , sodium bicarbonate decomposes and releases carbon dioxide and leaves sodium carbonate as mentioned earlier .
for example , at elevated temperatures , sodium bicarbonate decomposes and [frees] carbon dioxide and leaves sodium carbonate as mentioned earlier .

This releases carbon dioxide which inhibits the enzyme .
this [frees] carbon dioxide which inhibits the enzyme .

Press Releases
press [frees]

Press Releases
press [frees]

Many organisations use press releases because it provides them with publicity at little or no cost .
many organisations use press [frees] because it provides them with publicity at little or no cost .

Reporters can not be everywhere and so press releases can help to ensure that newsworthy events receive the publicity they deserve .
reporters can not be everywhere and so press [frees] can help to ensure that newsworthy events receive the publicity they deserve .

This is especially true of press releases .
this is especially true of press [frees] .

Sentences in press releases should be kept short .
sentences in press [frees] should be kept short .

Video Releases to Rent :
video [frees] to rent :

Video Releases to Buy :
video [frees] to buy :

It was a favourite thing to hire journalists for they presumably knew how to write good press releases and would have excellent contacts in the media world .
it was a favourite thing to hire journalists for they presumably knew how to write good press [frees] and would have excellent contacts in the media world .

You will be writing many press releases during a year 's work .
you will be writing many press [frees] during a year 's work .

Many press releases are poorly written , irrelevant to the newspaper or journal to which they have been sent , often are mailed to the wrong person on a publication , and are incredibly boring .
many press [frees] are poorly written , irrelevant to the newspaper or journal to which they have been sent , often are mailed to the wrong person on a publication , and are incredibly boring .

Such references can be an excellent foundation for correctly writing press releases .
such references can be an excellent foundation for correctly writing press [frees] .

Putting up posters and sending out press releases is no longer really enough in the face of so much publicity effort by so many special interest groups these days .
putting up posters and sending out press [frees] is no longer really enough in the face of so much publicity effort by so many special interest groups these days .

True , the great majority of press releases go in the waste-paper basket .
true , the great majority of press [frees] go in the waste-paper basket .

When most public relations was writing press releases and liaising with the media , this experience was invaluable , but as public relations has become more sophisticated and developed its skills and functions , so a journalism background has become less important .
when most public relations was writing press [frees] and liaising with the media , this experience was invaluable , but as public relations has become more sophisticated and developed its skills and functions , so a journalism background has become less important .

Putting a face to your telephone voice or your press releases personalizes you and this helps enormously in the reception your public relations efforts may be given .
putting a face to your telephone voice or your press [frees] personalizes you and this helps enormously in the reception your public relations efforts may be given .

The staff is small and features such as cookery or fashion are usually from syndicated material or press releases .
the staff is small and features such as cookery or fashion are usually from syndicated material or press [frees] .

Specialist magazines are frequently overlooked when sending out releases or invitations to press receptions .
specialist magazines are frequently overlooked when sending out [frees] or invitations to press receptions .

For example , press releases to send for approval ; minutes of contact meetings with client or others ; a letter about a special meeting with a journalist ; a note concerning some new consumer packaging development ; a cutting from a regional newspaper that might prove important to the client 's new factory siting plans .
for example , press [frees] to send for approval ; minutes of contact meetings with client or others ; a letter about a special meeting with a journalist ; a note concerning some new consumer packaging development ; a cutting from a regional newspaper that might prove important to the client 's new factory siting plans .

You might do some press releases , information gathering , help at press receptions when extra hands are needed , prepare information kits and sit in with your boss at client and supplier meetings .
you might do some press [frees] , information gathering , help at press receptions when extra hands are needed , prepare information kits and sit in with your boss at client and supplier meetings .

As an assistant you will probably gather information , draft press releases , make up media invitation lists , search out information , set up meetings with outside specialists and consultants , deliver information to the media ( here is a chance to chat and get to know some faces in the media world ) .
as an assistant you will probably gather information , draft press [frees] , make up media invitation lists , search out information , set up meetings with outside specialists and consultants , deliver information to the media ( here is a chance to chat and get to know some faces in the media world ) .

Local theatre productions also call for you to see the press , write and mail out press releases and invitations to first nights .
local theatre productions also call for you to see the press , write and mail out press [frees] and invitations to first nights .

The Delivery Team will be responsible for ensuring that information about the Compact permeates the whole community through regular newsletters and press releases , as well as through public meetings .
the delivery team will be responsible for ensuring that information about the compact permeates the whole community through regular newsletters and press [frees] , as well as through public meetings .

As a label , Gramola is still revived from time to time for releases that are primarily designed for the local market .
as a label , gramola is still revived from time to time for [frees] that are primarily designed for the local market .

He began to establish a reputation in the late 40s through radio performances , and soon came to the attention of Sam Phillips , with releases on the Chess and Sun labels , playing as a one-man band .
he began to establish a reputation in the late 40s through radio performances , and soon came to the attention of sam phillips , with [frees] on the chess and sun labels , playing as a one-man band .

The Festival is showing a selection of classics mixed in with a few notable recent releases .
the festival is showing a selection of classics mixed in with a few notable recent [frees] .

First run releases .
first run [frees] .

This month , he releases his first album , The Antidote .
this month , he [frees] his first album , the antidote .

Robertson was reprieved and new procedures were laid down , which meant that his memos and press releases would in future be vetted by an executive council .
robertson was reprieved and new procedures were laid down , which meant that his memos and press [frees] would in future be vetted by an executive council .

‘ The Embalmer ’ would include press releases on viral hepatitis .
‘ the embalmer ’ would include press [frees] on viral hepatitis .

Because of its superior formal authority , Congress can require the bureaucracy to state what combinations of price and quantity or budget and output it can offer before Congress releases its demand information .
because of its superior formal authority , congress can require the bureaucracy to state what combinations of price and quantity or budget and output it can offer before congress [frees] its demand information .

All tracks have been specially remixed in Q-Sound , a revolutionary technique which supposedly gives a quadraphonic effect from two stereo speakers and is one of the first ever releases to use this technique .
all tracks have been specially remixed in q-sound , a revolutionary technique which supposedly gives a quadraphonic effect from two stereo speakers and is one of the first ever [frees] to use this technique .

Other notable releases in a so-so week are the debut by The Stray Cats , ‘ Runaway Boys ’ , plus merry jingles from Throbbing Gristle and Devo — and the very first record by The Sisters of Mercy , ‘ The Damage Done ’ .
other notable [frees] in a so-so week are the debut by the stray cats , ‘ runaway boys ’ , plus merry jingles from throbbing gristle and devo — and the very first record by the sisters of mercy , ‘ the damage done ’ .

Two hours from the start and Newcastle finally releases its collective breath .
two hours from the start and newcastle finally [frees] its collective breath .

When an action potential reaches a synapse it releases the neurotransmitters which spread across the synapse to reach the next , or postsynaptic , nerve cell .
when an action potential reaches a synapse it [frees] the neurotransmitters which spread across the synapse to reach the next , or postsynaptic , nerve cell .

Investors have access to published accounts , interim results , Chairman 's statements and any other public announcements or press releases .
investors have access to published accounts , interim results , chairman 's statements and any other public announcements or press [frees] .

The risks are thought to be very small : ( 1 ) because the balance of the natural environment is primarily controlled by the species already present which appear to operate to the detriment of new introductions ; and ( 2 ) because in new releases of microorganisms to date , all very closely monitored , there has been no evidence of any of them getting out of control or adversely affecting the environment .
the risks are thought to be very small : ( 1 ) because the balance of the natural environment is primarily controlled by the species already present which appear to operate to the detriment of new introductions ; and ( 2 ) because in new [frees] of microorganisms to date , all very closely monitored , there has been no evidence of any of them getting out of control or adversely affecting the environment .

Following the April 1989 PoW releases [ see p. 36602 ] , Iran unilaterally freed a further 49 sick , wounded and disabled Iraqi prisoners on May 23 to mark the end of the holy month of Ramadan .
following the april 1989 pow [frees] [ see p. 36602 ] , iran unilaterally freed a further 49 sick , wounded and disabled iraqi prisoners on may 23 to mark the end of the holy month of ramadan .

Releases and prospects for Western hostages
[frees] and prospects for western hostages

Living by faith in the story of the Incarnation turns out to be for these writers a totally absorbing game , the playing of which is a self-validating exercise that releases human creative energies to the full and extends the play of divine wisdom before the face of God .
living by faith in the story of the incarnation turns out to be for these writers a totally absorbing game , the playing of which is a self-validating exercise that [frees] human creative energies to the full and extends the play of divine wisdom before the face of god .

The SunAccount package has been installed for Accounts , and will be upgraded as new releases become available .
the sunaccount package has been installed for accounts , and will be upgraded as new [frees] become available .

News releases are sent out regularly — on average 1 per week , targeted to the appropriate media and other organisations .
news [frees] are sent out regularly — on average 1 per week , targeted to the appropriate media and other organisations .

Finally , the unfortunate bacterium bursts and releases millions of viruses that infect new bacteria .
finally , the unfortunate bacterium bursts and [frees] millions of viruses that infect new bacteria .

It will be interesting to see whether the Insider philosophy slows the publication of books on future software releases .
it will be interesting to see whether the insider philosophy slows the publication of books on future software [frees] .

Kuma book releases
kuma book [frees]

Even in Rocky 37 , you know Rocky will win in the end ! Can the same be said of upgrade releases to software ? Hopefully not ! PhotoFinish was well received when it first hit the market under a year ago .
even in rocky 37 , you know rocky will win in the end ! can the same be said of upgrade [frees] to software ? hopefully not ! photofinish was well received when it first hit the market under a year ago .

Europress have also been producing children 's software for many years — their ‘ Fun School ’ series is one of the highest selling series in ‘ edutainment ’ although their earlier releases now look a bit crude and dated .
europress have also been producing children 's software for many years — their ‘ fun school ’ series is one of the highest selling series in ‘ edutainment ’ although their earlier [frees] now look a bit crude and dated .

Version 1.15 adds little in functionality over prior releases .
version 1.15 adds little in functionality over prior [frees] .

It 's very rare for any software to be releases in only one version .
it 's very rare for any software to be [frees] in only one version .

Heart-throb Art Malik is very much flavour of the month in Tinseltown following the releases of Turtle Beach and the film starring Patrick Swayze , City Of Joy .
heart-throb art malik is very much flavour of the month in tinseltown following the [frees] of turtle beach and the film starring patrick swayze , city of joy .

Traditionally , releases of major pollutants to air , land and water have been subject to separate controls .
traditionally , [frees] of major pollutants to air , land and water have been subject to separate controls .

Avoid pollution of and , where possible , eliminate releases to air , land or water
avoid pollution of and , where possible , eliminate [frees] to air , land or water

This was the 12th annual competition in which centres were judged on programme booklets and associated publicity material — posters , press releases and newsletters .
this was the 12th annual competition in which centres were judged on programme booklets and associated publicity material — posters , press [frees] and newsletters .

‘ You do n't have to talk , ’ Alice says , and that releases him .
‘ you do n't have to talk , ’ alice says , and that [frees] him .

Friend the Member for Westminster , North characteristically set the record straight about manpower allocations in the police force and about the critical role of Her Majesty 's chief inspector of constabulary in objectively advising the Home Secretary on correct force levels and on the identification of posts suitable for civilianisation — for that releases policemen and women from desk jobs and puts them back on the beat , which is what the right hon .
friend the member for westminster , north characteristically set the record straight about manpower allocations in the police force and about the critical role of her majesty 's chief inspector of constabulary in objectively advising the home secretary on correct force levels and on the identification of posts suitable for civilianisation — for that [frees] policemen and women from desk jobs and puts them back on the beat , which is what the right hon .

At the moment , we in the national Parliaments simply receive the press releases that the Heads of Government decide to release after the events have occurred and policies have been made .
at the moment , we in the national parliaments simply receive the press [frees] that the heads of government decide to release after the events have occurred and policies have been made .

If that means that all students are exempt , it would have been better if the Department of the Environment press releases had stated that expressly .
if that means that all students are exempt , it would have been better if the department of the environment press [frees] had stated that expressly .

The bookie 's plastic curtain releases
the bookie 's plastic curtain [frees]

It is a matter of experience to judge the best time to remove a peel , but flicking the edge upwards immediately releases the peel slightly when ready , producing a diagnostic ‘ dry ’ sound .
it is a matter of experience to judge the best time to remove a peel , but flicking the edge upwards immediately [frees] the peel slightly when ready , producing a diagnostic ‘ dry ’ sound .

He releases them from their hutches thus giving them their freedom .
he [frees] them from their hutches thus giving them their freedom .

Eliminate or reduce polluting releases and all forms of waste for disposal to ensure the minimum interference with the environment .
eliminate or reduce polluting [frees] and all forms of waste for disposal to ensure the minimum interference with the environment .

Press releases with follow up phone calls to key journalists coupled with advertising in the trade weekly newspapers brings our message to a wide range of customers — from financial advisers to the general public .
press [frees] with follow up phone calls to key journalists coupled with advertising in the trade weekly newspapers brings our message to a wide range of customers — from financial advisers to the general public .

‘ They object to nuclear power on the grounds that it releases radioactive nuclides into the air .
‘ they object to nuclear power on the grounds that it [frees] radioactive nuclides into the air .

a submitting press releases to the free local newspapers ;
a submitting press [frees] to the free local newspapers ;

c through the Regional Information Office arrange for the submission of press releases to the free local newspapers and to the Talking Newspapers for the Blind :
c through the regional information office arrange for the submission of press [frees] to the free local newspapers and to the talking newspapers for the blind :

The Extraditables were seeking to force concessions from the government over a 1984 extradition treaty with the United States and over policy towards convicted traffickers [ for releases or killings of five hostages since January 1991 see pp .
the extraditables were seeking to force concessions from the government over a 1984 extradition treaty with the united states and over policy towards convicted traffickers [ for [frees] or killings of five hostages since january 1991 see pp .

In three days of releases in early September 465 prisoners were reported to have been freed .
in three days of [frees] in early september 465 prisoners were reported to have been freed .

Prisoner releases
prisoner [frees]

Political prisoner releases
political prisoner [frees]

Releases of detainees
[frees] of detainees

Speaking on Sept. 11 Hussein Musavi , a member of the ruling council of Hezbollah , predicted further releases .
speaking on sept. 11 hussein musavi , a member of the ruling council of hezbollah , predicted further [frees] .

The releases , however , failed to win the support of anti-apartheid groups which claimed that almost all those released were criminals and that the government `` was putting up a smokescreen `` to avoid releasing political offenders .
the [frees] , however , failed to win the support of anti-apartheid groups which claimed that almost all those released were criminals and that the government `` was putting up a smokescreen `` to avoid releasing political offenders .

Controversy over Mafia releases
controversy over mafia [frees]

On March 1 an emergency session of the Palermo Court of Appeal was followed by the passing of a Cabinet decree to close the legal loophole which had permitted the releases .
on march 1 an emergency session of the palermo court of appeal was followed by the passing of a cabinet decree to close the legal loophole which had permitted the [frees] .

Although opposition figures regarded the ruling as a major success , the releases were overshadowed by a tour of the country during September and early October by a royal commission which held public meetings on constitutional reforms .
although opposition figures regarded the ruling as a major success , the [frees] were overshadowed by a tour of the country during september and early october by a royal commission which held public meetings on constitutional reforms .

The Israeli Foreign Minster David Levy said that the Israeli government had secured the releases by appealing to the highest official level in Egypt .
the israeli foreign minster david levy said that the israeli government had secured the [frees] by appealing to the highest official level in egypt .

Hostage releases — Other hostage developments
hostage [frees] — other hostage developments

The International Committee of the Red Cross , which was to supervise the releases , was unable to gain full access to prisoners .
the international committee of the red cross , which was to supervise the [frees] , was unable to gain full access to prisoners .

Hostage releases
hostage [frees]

Hostage releases from Iraq
hostage [frees] from iraq

Official figures on detentions — Releases
official figures on detentions — [frees]

Other releases were reported from Ouargla and In-Salah .
other [frees] were reported from ouargla and in-salah .

When baking in combination with the hot air mode , the touch of a button releases an instant cloud of moisture giving a smooth and glazed surface , and ensuring that the dough rises evenly .
when baking in combination with the hot air mode , the touch of a button [frees] an instant cloud of moisture giving a smooth and glazed surface , and ensuring that the dough rises evenly .

In `` ideal `` circumstances , the male joker releases his frustration by joking about the woman with a second male — an inhibitor of the desired intimacy — who thereby becomes a conspirator with the teller in the indulgence in smut as a substitute for the sexual act .
in `` ideal `` circumstances , the male joker [frees] his frustration by joking about the woman with a second male — an inhibitor of the desired intimacy — who thereby becomes a conspirator with the teller in the indulgence in smut as a substitute for the sexual act .

Lewin explains `` set `` as a tension in the nervous system which continues , and brings about action , until some goal is achieved which releases the tension .
lewin explains `` set `` as a tension in the nervous system which continues , and brings about action , until some goal is achieved which [frees] the tension .

Indeed , with generally low staffing levels they are avid users of press releases , articles and any other old junk you can throw their way .
indeed , with generally low staffing levels they are avid users of press [frees] , articles and any other old junk you can throw their way .

Conversations are confidential to the teacher until such time as she releases them .
conversations are confidential to the teacher until such time as she [frees] them .

And how he tried — speeding from study group to policy committee , from National Executive Committee to Cabinet , from office to platform , spraying out speeches , press releases and lengthy papers reminding his colleagues of what had been said in their manifesto .
and how he tried — speeding from study group to policy committee , from national executive committee to cabinet , from office to platform , spraying out speeches , press [frees] and lengthy papers reminding his colleagues of what had been said in their manifesto .

For our present purpose , it is useful to distinguish two kinds of chemical reaction , according to whether the reaction releases energy or requires it .
for our present purpose , it is useful to distinguish two kinds of chemical reaction , according to whether the reaction [frees] energy or requires it .

It is not always true that combining two substances into one releases energy .
it is not always true that combining two substances into one [frees] energy .

And patting the horse , even if it completely ignores us , releases our tension .
and patting the horse , even if it completely ignores us , [frees] our tension .

It must be echoed in slogans , posters , the visual design of venues for meetings , speeches , interviews , rallies and press releases .
it must be echoed in slogans , posters , the visual design of venues for meetings , speeches , interviews , rallies and press [frees] .

Publicity is the exposure you get by providing the resources yourself — leaflets , posters , press releases and newsworthy events — but the space is free .
publicity is the exposure you get by providing the resources yourself — leaflets , posters , press [frees] and newsworthy events — but the space is free .

The releases , however , were crucial .
the [frees] , however , were crucial .

But hostage releases were no public crusade .
but hostage [frees] were no public crusade .

Christopher Tookey on ‘ Hook ’ , ‘ The Doctor ’ , ‘ Final Analysis ’ and other new releases
christopher tookey on ‘ hook ’ , ‘ the doctor ’ , ‘ final analysis ’ and other new [frees]

Because the diesel engine uses so much less fuel it releases substantially less carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
because the diesel engine uses so much less fuel it [frees] substantially less carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .

Nigella Lawson on a soft-focus adaptation of a disturbing novel ; a stunning portrait of post-war Germany ; and the rest of the week 's releases
nigella lawson on a soft-focus adaptation of a disturbing novel ; a stunning portrait of post-war germany ; and the rest of the week 's [frees]

Gravitational collapse releases energy ; and collapse to a single , dimensionless point releases an infinite amount of it .
gravitational collapse [frees] energy ; and collapse to a single , dimensionless point [frees] an infinite amount of it .

Newspapers were full of stories of leukaemia clusters near nuclear establishments and of the long-term victims of Chernobyl and minor releases , people picked off at random within the pattern of statistical formulations .
newspapers were full of stories of leukaemia clusters near nuclear establishments and of the long-term victims of chernobyl and minor [frees] , people picked off at random within the pattern of statistical formulations .

The 1991 season promises at least seven big-studio releases by black directors , more than in the past ten years .
the 1991 season promises at least seven big-studio [frees] by black directors , more than in the past ten years .

Hot Shot 's monthly releases gave you 45 minutes of video excerpts of the latest computer games for only £5 .
hot shot 's monthly [frees] gave you 45 minutes of video excerpts of the latest computer games for only £5 .

The team spirit Is Field Of Dreams really about baseball ? Derek Malcolm reviews Kevin Costner 's latest film , and the other new releases .
the team spirit is field of dreams really about baseball ? derek malcolm reviews kevin costner 's latest film , and the other new [frees] .

One source said : ’ She has been rewriting all the Prime Minister 's press releases .
one source said : ’ she has been rewriting all the prime minister 's press [frees] .

Black pepper is a proper and good inclusion , because stirring it in to a hot dish a few minutes before serving releases wonderful flavour .
black pepper is a proper and good inclusion , because stirring it in to a hot dish a few minutes before serving [frees] wonderful flavour .

Acid rain affects trees partly because it dissolves essential nutrients out of the soil , such as magnesium and calcium — but again releases aluminium , which the trees take up to their detriment .
acid rain affects trees partly because it dissolves essential nutrients out of the soil , such as magnesium and calcium — but again [frees] aluminium , which the trees take up to their detriment .

These two abilities presumably evolved separately ; after all , the splitting of water is useful in its own right , because it releases some chemical energy .
these two abilities presumably evolved separately ; after all , the splitting of water is useful in its own right , because it [frees] some chemical energy .

Many organizations are struggling to harness the creative energies which it releases .
many organizations are struggling to harness the creative energies which it [frees] .

It releases you to spend effort on higher priorities such as planning and innovation and for co-ordinating activities in your department or unit .
it [frees] you to spend effort on higher priorities such as planning and innovation and for co-ordinating activities in your department or unit .

One is being given a chance to show what one can do and this realization often releases amazing reserves of energy , enthusiasm and creative flair .
one is being given a chance to show what one can do and this realization often [frees] amazing reserves of energy , enthusiasm and creative flair .

He had been seen earlier dodging the massed constabulary around the Winter Gardens , thrusting Labour press releases into the hands of reporters queuing for their body searches and radar scans .
he had been seen earlier dodging the massed constabulary around the winter gardens , thrusting labour press [frees] into the hands of reporters queuing for their body searches and radar scans .

Villagers are being shown how to lobby for change by learning how to write press releases , organise protests and run clean-up campaigns .
villagers are being shown how to lobby for change by learning how to write press [frees] , organise protests and run clean-up campaigns .

Amid much rumour and mystery , the consequence of a complete news black-out by the authorities on the circumstances of the pending releases , it was not possible to obtain independent confirmation of the report .
amid much rumour and mystery , the consequence of a complete news black-out by the authorities on the circumstances of the pending [frees] , it was not possible to obtain independent confirmation of the report .

One line of thought was that the government wished to dampen as far as possible the spirits of anti-apartheid demonstrators who are planning marches all over the country today in celebration of the releases , which have been proclaimed ‘ a great victory for the people ’ .
one line of thought was that the government wished to dampen as far as possible the spirits of anti-apartheid demonstrators who are planning marches all over the country today in celebration of the [frees] , which have been proclaimed ‘ a great victory for the people ’ .

‘ It is necessary to state , ’ Mr de Klerk said , ‘ that Mr Nelson Mandela is fully appraised of these proposed releases .
‘ it is necessary to state , ’ mr de klerk said , ‘ that mr nelson mandela is fully appraised of these proposed [frees] .

The previous picture , Asterix in Britain , grossed $ 34m in cinema and video releases .
the previous picture , asterix in britain , grossed $ 34m in cinema and video [frees] .

Some trial and error should eliminate the laziest papers , whose critics do no more than pillage catalogue introductions , or even press releases .
some trial and error should eliminate the laziest papers , whose critics do no more than pillage catalogue introductions , or even press [frees] .

This releases the space they formerly occupied for bedding plants and other summer flowerers .
this [frees] the space they formerly occupied for bedding plants and other summer flowerers .

So he has little or no time to release the glider , or to recover from the dive unless the upset occurs above about 500 feet , and then only if the rope breaks or the glider releases .
so he has little or no time to release the glider , or to recover from the dive unless the upset occurs above about 500 feet , and then only if the rope breaks or the glider [frees] .

In seeking to grasp this dynamic , and portray it , he had become enthused with the duende , the spirit unleashed by the flamenco — music and dance — which he believed to be the dynamic of true art and artistic expression : ‘ Repel the angel , kick out the muse , ’ , he was wont to exclaim ; arguing that artists must work ‘ from the gut , ’ with the conviction and intensity that the expression exudes ; allowing the life-force it releases to flow — torrentially , vividly , dramatically ; as in the flamenco itself .
in seeking to grasp this dynamic , and portray it , he had become enthused with the duende , the spirit unleashed by the flamenco — music and dance — which he believed to be the dynamic of true art and artistic expression : ‘ repel the angel , kick out the muse , ’ , he was wont to exclaim ; arguing that artists must work ‘ from the gut , ’ with the conviction and intensity that the expression exudes ; allowing the life-force it [frees] to flow — torrentially , vividly , dramatically ; as in the flamenco itself .

Aside from our Opening and Closing Galas and special Mid Festival screenings , we will be putting the spotlight on the best films from the international festival circuit and some eagerly awaited new releases .
aside from our opening and closing galas and special mid festival screenings , we will be putting the spotlight on the best films from the international festival circuit and some eagerly awaited new [frees] .

The releases mark the first improvement in the human rights situation in Malawi for several years .
the [frees] mark the first improvement in the human rights situation in malawi for several years .

Amnesty International has welcomed the releases , but is urging the government to release all remaining prisoners of conscience immediately and unconditionally .
amnesty international has welcomed the [frees] , but is urging the government to release all remaining prisoners of conscience immediately and unconditionally .

After the March 1991 releases , over 70 detainees were still held and were apparently due to be brought to trial in April .
after the march 1991 [frees] , over 70 detainees were still held and were apparently due to be brought to trial in april .

Harry Hawke recalls that it was the aim of skinhead devotees of this music to keep up with the latest releases and consequently white-label , i.e .
harry hawke recalls that it was the aim of skinhead devotees of this music to keep up with the latest [frees] and consequently white-label , i.e .

Taken somewhat aback by the speed and scope of their success , and worried about the proverbial ‘ bursting bubble ’ , they planned no future releases until well into the new year .
taken somewhat aback by the speed and scope of their success , and worried about the proverbial ‘ bursting bubble ’ , they planned no future [frees] until well into the new year .

Jesus releases us from this addiction by revealing himself as the willing servant , humbled to the point of death , submitting his will to the will of God .
jesus [frees] us from this addiction by revealing himself as the willing servant , humbled to the point of death , submitting his will to the will of god .

So , while it is always worth seeking out the names of journalists who have a special interest in your subject , and if appropriate sending the releases to them at home as well as to their office , always be sure to send your releases to the newsdesk and perhaps to one or two others on the paper too if it is appropriate .
so , while it is always worth seeking out the names of journalists who have a special interest in your subject , and if appropriate sending the [frees] to them at home as well as to their office , always be sure to send your [frees] to the newsdesk and perhaps to one or two others on the paper too if it is appropriate .

Press releases must be pithy , and full of substance and strong , clear comment .
press [frees] must be pithy , and full of substance and strong , clear comment .

Press releases should be eye-catching and on boldly headed paper .
press [frees] should be eye-catching and on boldly headed paper .

The vital part is that the press comes to rely on your releases , knowing first that they contain newsworthy stories , and second that the facts can be depended upon .
the vital part is that the press comes to rely on your [frees] , knowing first that they contain newsworthy stories , and second that the facts can be depended upon .

You do not need to send your releases to everyone who might be interested if this is likely to delay getting them into the post ; that can always be done the next morning .
you do not need to send your [frees] to everyone who might be interested if this is likely to delay getting them into the post ; that can always be done the next morning .

However , it is important to keep your fellow campaigners in other groups informed of what you are doing as the likelihood is that they will read your releases and help circulate them further .
however , it is important to keep your fellow campaigners in other groups informed of what you are doing as the likelihood is that they will read your [frees] and help circulate them further .

If it is a story aimed simply at the local media , two or three press releases may be sufficient , sent to the reporter on the local evening paper and the local radio station .
if it is a story aimed simply at the local media , two or three press [frees] may be sufficient , sent to the reporter on the local evening paper and the local radio station .

Having said that , if you do have top-quality black and white photographs , then include one with the press releases to the national newspapers ; they may want to carry the story but have no time to find a photograph themselves .
having said that , if you do have top-quality black and white photographs , then include one with the press [frees] to the national newspapers ; they may want to carry the story but have no time to find a photograph themselves .

Lust and irony in the alien corn Randy extraterrestrials and delinquent Australians feature as Derek Malcolm reviews the pick of the week 's new releases .
lust and irony in the alien corn randy extraterrestrials and delinquent australians feature as derek malcolm reviews the pick of the week 's new [frees] .

The current crop of releases includes two movies that demonstrate the reality today of computer graphics in film , making significant but very different uses of the technology .
the current crop of [frees] includes two movies that demonstrate the reality today of computer graphics in film , making significant but very different uses of the technology .

Would the same principle of sudden and catastrophic meltwater releases to the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets in the greenhouse world to come ?
would the same principle of sudden and catastrophic meltwater [frees] to the greenland and antarctic ice sheets in the greenhouse world to come ?

It may take several releases and many months before the company starts to see a return on its investments , so it is essential for an indie to have a relatively solid financial base to see it through the difficult early stages and to sustain the levels of promotion until an act on the label breaks .
it may take several [frees] and many months before the company starts to see a return on its investments , so it is essential for an indie to have a relatively solid financial base to see it through the difficult early stages and to sustain the levels of promotion until an act on the label breaks .

This comprises , quite simply , one or more pieces of paper on which are typed details of forthcoming gigs , record releases or just general bits of news and information relating to individual artists .
this comprises , quite simply , one or more pieces of paper on which are typed details of forthcoming gigs , record [frees] or just general bits of news and information relating to individual artists .

The trouble with most biographies and press releases is that they are boring — very , very boring indeed .
the trouble with most biographies and press [frees] is that they are boring — very , very boring indeed .

All the press releases and all the triumphant pub gigs in the world will amount to nothing unless you are prepared to nag .
all the press [frees] and all the triumphant pub gigs in the world will amount to nothing unless you are prepared to nag .

The sales staff show these new releases to retailers who decide whether to place an order .
the sales staff show these new [frees] to retailers who decide whether to place an order .

Releases from major acts have a bigger push and the marketing budget is much larger .
[frees] from major acts have a bigger push and the marketing budget is much larger .

The benefactor of the race would be , not a Prometheus who brings a few sparks from above , but he who releases among men the most finished of all forces , an irresistible word .
the benefactor of the race would be , not a prometheus who brings a few sparks from above , but he who [frees] among men the most finished of all forces , an irresistible word .

The word here — many talk but few are willing to be quoted — is that Nelson Mandela will be the last to go , and that he is working closely with the government in arranging a timetable for the releases .
the word here — many talk but few are willing to be quoted — is that nelson mandela will be the last to go , and that he is working closely with the government in arranging a timetable for the [frees] .

Again , each manufacturer uses a slightly different system , but they nearly all have a mechanism which controls how easily the mastfoot releases from the board .
again , each manufacturer uses a slightly different system , but they nearly all have a mechanism which controls how easily the mastfoot [frees] from the board .

Their approach was just to stick out the records , but more thought went into later releases and we had a structure where the label was treated with more importance .
their approach was just to stick out the records , but more thought went into later [frees] and we had a structure where the label was treated with more importance .

’ , incidentally the group 's fourth song with a question in its title ( at that time ) , received the worst reaction of any of their releases .
’ , incidentally the group 's fourth song with a question in its title ( at that time ) , received the worst reaction of any of their [frees] .

Mr de Klerk said Mr Mandela was fully aware of the proposed releases , lending substance to the belief that the world 's most famous political prisoner has played a decisive negotiating role with the government way beyond the political limitations normally placed on prisoners .
mr de klerk said mr mandela was fully aware of the proposed [frees] , lending substance to the belief that the world 's most famous political prisoner has played a decisive negotiating role with the government way beyond the political limitations normally placed on prisoners .

But the Home Office said last night that the latest releases , after interviews carried out as part of a review of each case , were unconnected with recent events .
but the home office said last night that the latest [frees] , after interviews carried out as part of a review of each case , were unconnected with recent events .

Connect a tap , turn on , and Soakerhose releases a gentle trickle of water to the soil .
connect a tap , turn on , and soakerhose [frees] a gentle trickle of water to the soil .

If a factory in the developing world releases traces of carcinogens into the sea it may face immediate credit problems , even if the carcinogenic substances are swamped by natural carcinogens such as methyl iodide , that come from seaweed in quite disturbing quantities .
if a factory in the developing world [frees] traces of carcinogens into the sea it may face immediate credit problems , even if the carcinogenic substances are swamped by natural carcinogens such as methyl iodide , that come from seaweed in quite disturbing quantities .

The Arts : The Week 's Other Releases
the arts : the week 's other [frees]

Press Releases
press [frees]

Press Releases
press [frees]

The following press releases are enclosed in this mailing :
the following press [frees] are enclosed in this mailing :

Finally , the air leaving site is continuously monitored to show that there are no significant chemical releases .
finally , the air leaving site is continuously monitored to show that there are no significant chemical [frees] .

Nevertheless , its members were all urged to target MPs and peers - particularly the ‘ waverers ’ — with letters and personalised press releases , issued at the conference .
nevertheless , its members were all urged to target mps and peers - particularly the ‘ waverers ’ — with letters and personalised press [frees] , issued at the conference .

We stand to derive immense benefits from such releases of genetically engineered organisms into the environment — providing they do what we expect them to .
we stand to derive immense benefits from such [frees] of genetically engineered organisms into the environment — providing they do what we expect them to .

They added : ‘ We consider the grounds on which the Press Council make their decisions are wrong and their press releases even contain a number of inaccuracies which they are unwilling to correct . ’
they added : ‘ we consider the grounds on which the press council make their decisions are wrong and their press [frees] even contain a number of inaccuracies which they are unwilling to correct . ’

Mr Patten said this meant that all releases of waste from large industrial processes would be considered together before a discharge licence was granted .
mr patten said this meant that all [frees] of waste from large industrial processes would be considered together before a discharge licence was granted .

French press releases overran our positions , German amendments raked us with deadly fire .
french press [frees] overran our positions , german amendments raked us with deadly fire .

There are continuing disputes and legal battles about the effect of these releases on people 's health , on crops and on farm animals .
there are continuing disputes and legal battles about the effect of these [frees] on people 's health , on crops and on farm animals .

It 's tricky , as someone who skis and mountaineers , to whine about the encroachment of ski developments in Scotland , especially when the developers of Aonach Mor spilt so much ink about how they were ‘ conservation friendly ’ , they could have made a major motion picture out of their press releases .
it 's tricky , as someone who skis and mountaineers , to whine about the encroachment of ski developments in scotland , especially when the developers of aonach mor spilt so much ink about how they were ‘ conservation friendly ’ , they could have made a major motion picture out of their press [frees] .

Chlorine bleaching of pulp for paper releases dioxins into rivers and soil , further polluting the environment .
chlorine bleaching of pulp for paper [frees] dioxins into rivers and soil , further polluting the environment .

Each bite releases the refreshing tangy orange and lemon flavour .
each bite [frees] the refreshing tangy orange and lemon flavour .

Software Upgrades The latest releases from Lotus at a special discount for members .
software upgrades the latest [frees] from lotus at a special discount for members .

This involves the two groups plus a host of other musicians pooling their talents and putting out their releases .
this involves the two groups plus a host of other musicians pooling their talents and putting out their [frees] .

But where it worked , it worked very well , not least because of the logic of the exchange : companies release staff to give occasional , specialist lectures , the college releases staff to give an occasional , specialist contribution to the production or service process .
but where it worked , it worked very well , not least because of the logic of the exchange : companies release staff to give occasional , specialist lectures , the college [frees] staff to give an occasional , specialist contribution to the production or service process .

In due course , when all available information on the releases of polonium-210 and other nuclides not so far incorporated in the analysis has been assimilated , the board will publish a revised assessment of the radiological implications of environmental releases from the Windscale fire .
in due course , when all available information on the [frees] of polonium-210 and other nuclides not so far incorporated in the analysis has been assimilated , the board will publish a revised assessment of the radiological implications of environmental [frees] from the windscale fire .

Reactor protection systems are designed to limit releases of radiation during nuclear plant accidents .
reactor protection systems are designed to limit [frees] of radiation during nuclear plant accidents .

In general , a millilitre of oxygen releases 5 calories of energy to an animal .
in general , a millilitre of oxygen [frees] 5 calories of energy to an animal .

And as it dissolves , it releases at the same rate any compounds mixed in with it .
and as it dissolves , it [frees] at the same rate any compounds mixed in with it .

It releases tension and we need it .
it [frees] tension and we need it .

In this case a special ‘ death odour ’ , possibly oleic acid , releases the act of removal .
in this case a special ‘ death odour ’ , possibly oleic acid , [frees] the act of removal .

For example , the cuttlefish , when attacked , releases a large blob of ink into the water .
for example , the cuttlefish , when attacked , [frees] a large blob of ink into the water .

Try the Madeleine ( Magdalene ) at Vézelay on your way , says the author , ‘ for her love , faults are forgiven , the blind see , the dumb speak , the lame walk ’ ; try St Léonard at Noblat who releases captives ; try Saint-Gilles , ‘ speediest of all the saints to help the unfortunate and the afflicted ’ .
try the madeleine ( magdalene ) at vézelay on your way , says the author , ‘ for her love , faults are forgiven , the blind see , the dumb speak , the lame walk ’ ; try st léonard at noblat who [frees] captives ; try saint-gilles , ‘ speediest of all the saints to help the unfortunate and the afflicted ’ .

But , taking that for granted for one moment , just what standards do we apply when making such strong pleas on behalf of a recorded performance ? Surely a ‘ top ’ recommendation should satisfy as many critical parameters as is possible simultaneously ? Are we simply too soft on recordings generally ? Do we allow rose-tinted spectacles to distort our critical judgement when comparing an old personal favourite with the latest ‘ pretender to the throne ’ ? Alternatively are we too quickly blinded by the sophistication of some new releases into dismissing older recordings on the basis of their ‘ primitive ’ technology ?
but , taking that for granted for one moment , just what standards do we apply when making such strong pleas on behalf of a recorded performance ? surely a ‘ top ’ recommendation should satisfy as many critical parameters as is possible simultaneously ? are we simply too soft on recordings generally ? do we allow rose-tinted spectacles to distort our critical judgement when comparing an old personal favourite with the latest ‘ pretender to the throne ’ ? alternatively are we too quickly blinded by the sophistication of some new [frees] into dismissing older recordings on the basis of their ‘ primitive ’ technology ?

Those celebrating Rossini 's ‘ 50th ’ ( he was born in a leap year ! ) include Philips Classics , whose 1992 sextet of new Rossini releases will include in the spring :
those celebrating rossini 's ‘ 50th ’ ( he was born in a leap year ! ) include philips classics , whose 1992 sextet of new rossini [frees] will include in the spring :

Olympia has perhaps done more than any other company to stimulate interest in the highways and byways of russian music , as is typified by six of their most recent releases .
olympia has perhaps done more than any other company to stimulate interest in the highways and byways of russian music , as is typified by six of their most recent [frees] .

9 ) , particularly if these two releases are the fist in a complete cycle .
9 ) , particularly if these two [frees] are the fist in a complete cycle .

Du Pré and the LSO/Barbiroli 's Elgar , the BPO/Karajan 's Mozart , and the NPO/Barbirolli 's Mahler all show up well alongside more recent releases from such as Rattle , Pavarotti and Eliot Gardiner .
du pré and the lso/barbiroli 's elgar , the bpo/karajan 's mozart , and the npo/barbirolli 's mahler all show up well alongside more recent [frees] from such as rattle , pavarotti and eliot gardiner .

From among the most recent releases comes the swinging ‘ Sing a Song of Basie ’ , from circa 1960 and the vocal trio of Lambert , Hendricks & Ross ( ) .
from among the most recent [frees] comes the swinging ‘ sing a song of basie ’ , from circa 1960 and the vocal trio of lambert , hendricks & ross ( ) .

Chandos 's latest ‘ Collect ’ releases came out in February and include more boyce from Cantilena , Elgar wind music ( Athena ) , Stravinsky Symphonies with the RSO/Gibson , and delightful Vivaldi Concertos from the Bournemouth Sinfonietta/Thomas .
chandos 's latest ‘ collect ’ [frees] came out in february and include more boyce from cantilena , elgar wind music ( athena ) , stravinsky symphonies with the rso/gibson , and delightful vivaldi concertos from the bournemouth sinfonietta/thomas .

Some patients date the onset of their candidiasis to some heavy chemical exposure , such as installing cavity-foam insulation ( this releases large amounts of formaldehyde into the house ) .
some patients date the onset of their candidiasis to some heavy chemical exposure , such as installing cavity-foam insulation ( this [frees] large amounts of formaldehyde into the house ) .

The Industrial Central Atmosphere Monitoring System from Perkin Elmer has been designed to provide maximum security against toxic spills or releases .
the industrial central atmosphere monitoring system from perkin elmer has been designed to provide maximum security against toxic spills or [frees] .

The subsequent examination of potential releases from processes or waste disposal , together with environmental pathways is brief .
the subsequent examination of potential [frees] from processes or waste disposal , together with environmental pathways is brief .

Competitor press releases and financial statements , for example , can be easily collected by the corporate legal or communications staff ; relevant government reports and filings can probably be acquired through the legal department or by company lobbyists at the state or national level ; the investor relations staff can get security analysts ' reports ; and so on .
competitor press [frees] and financial statements , for example , can be easily collected by the corporate legal or communications staff ; relevant government reports and filings can probably be acquired through the legal department or by company lobbyists at the state or national level ; the investor relations staff can get security analysts ' reports ; and so on .

documentary publications : ranging from press releases to substantial formal publications .
documentary publications : ranging from press [frees] to substantial formal publications .

The myths and memories it releases could fill a book .
the myths and memories it [frees] could fill a book .

The same is true for toxic releases .
the same is true for toxic [frees] .

Separation releases the brakes of the inhibition and frees us in the two worlds .
separation [frees] the brakes of the inhibition and frees us in the two worlds .

Sunlight causes these gases to break down , which releases the chlorine .
sunlight causes these gases to break down , which [frees] the chlorine .

Cinema There are a number of cinemas in the Lake District that show the latest British releases and sometimes schedule retrospectives .
cinema there are a number of cinemas in the lake district that show the latest british [frees] and sometimes schedule retrospectives .

There are more than 30 cinemas in Hong Kong , and the latest Western releases are shown in some of the larger ones .
there are more than 30 cinemas in hong kong , and the latest western [frees] are shown in some of the larger ones .

The Laemmle Theater chain shows top foreign releases , while the Wells Fargo Theater at the Autry Museum of Western Heritage features matinée heroes such as Hopalong Cassidy and the Lone Ranger .
the laemmle theater chain shows top foreign [frees] , while the wells fargo theater at the autry museum of western heritage features matinée heroes such as hopalong cassidy and the lone ranger .

Another seasonal , and very worthwhile eco-conscious activity , is to participate in the nightly sea turtle releases and watches that take place from August through November along the shores of Banderas Bay , and further south in Mazunte ( located between Huatulco and Puerto Escondido ) .
another seasonal , and very worthwhile eco-conscious activity , is to participate in the nightly sea turtle [frees] and watches that take place from august through november along the shores of banderas bay , and further south in mazunte ( located between huatulco and puerto escondido ) .

Preservation groups and trained specialists conduct these releases and watches .
preservation groups and trained specialists conduct these [frees] and watches .

In that respect , the role of the audit committee , which in some cases has not been very active or effective in its oversight of management or auditors as related to financial reporting , is evolving into not just financial management oversight , but the overall aspects of the company 's financial reporting , such as releases on earnings expectations and quarterly financial reports .
in that respect , the role of the audit committee , which in some cases has not been very active or effective in its oversight of management or auditors as related to financial reporting , is evolving into not just financial management oversight , but the overall aspects of the company 's financial reporting , such as [frees] on earnings expectations and quarterly financial reports .

Included in the analysis is what can best be described as the social impact and costs of toxic chemical releases and other waste management activities and the value of the information to society that will be available from the reports from the industries added by the rule .
included in the analysis is what can best be described as the social impact and costs of toxic chemical [frees] and other waste management activities and the value of the information to society that will be available from the reports from the industries added by the rule .

EPA also has concluded that although there is some overlap between other reporting requirements for environmental releases and other management activities mandated by EPCRA , PPA , and other statutes , the reporting requirements of this rule do not conflict because of the differences in information collected , entities covered , reporting frequencies , how the data are reported , and so forth .
epa also has concluded that although there is some overlap between other reporting requirements for environmental [frees] and other management activities mandated by epcra , ppa , and other statutes , the reporting requirements of this rule do not conflict because of the differences in information collected , entities covered , reporting frequencies , how the data are reported , and so forth .

GAO does not hold press conferences or issue press releases about products , but it does advise the media and the public of the release of GAO products via the World Wide Web and other venues .
gao does not hold press conferences or issue press [frees] about products , but it does advise the media and the public of the release of gao products via the world wide web and other venues .

Late engineering drawing releases to the factory floor resulted in parts shortages and work performed out of sequence .
late engineering drawing [frees] to the factory floor resulted in parts shortages and work performed out of sequence .

This rule implements section 112 ( r ) of the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 , which mandates that EPA promulgate regulations and develop guidance to prevent accidental releases to the air from stationary sources and mitigate the consequences of such releases by focusing prevention measures on chemicals that pose the greatest risk to the public and the environment .
this rule implements section 112 ( r ) of the clean air act amendments of 1990 , which mandates that epa promulgate regulations and develop guidance to prevent accidental [frees] to the air from stationary sources and mitigate the consequences of such [frees] by focusing prevention measures on chemicals that pose the greatest risk to the public and the environment .

In addition to the estimated benefits of reduced damages from releases of toxic substances , EPA 's analysis also highlights what the agency believes to be additional qualitative benefits including those resulting from efficiency gains , increased technology transfer , indirect cost savings , increased goodwill , and increased public awareness .
in addition to the estimated benefits of reduced damages from [frees] of toxic substances , epa 's analysis also highlights what the agency believes to be additional qualitative benefits including those resulting from efficiency gains , increased technology transfer , indirect cost savings , increased goodwill , and increased public awareness .

Because of these comments , EPA issued a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking on March 13 , 1995 ( 60 FR 13526 ) for comment on : Page 3 GAO/OGC-96-26 approaches for setting different requirements for sources that pose different levels of hazard ( tiering ) ; worst-case releases and other hazard assessment issues ; accident information reporting ; public participation ; inherently safer approaches ; and implementation and integration of section 112 ( r ) with state programs , particularly state air permitting programs .
because of these comments , epa issued a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking on march 13 , 1995 ( 60 fr 13526 ) for comment on : page 3 gao/ogc-96-26 approaches for setting different requirements for sources that pose different levels of hazard ( tiering ) ; worst-case [frees] and other hazard assessment issues ; accident information reporting ; public participation ; inherently safer approaches ; and implementation and integration of section 112 ( r ) with state programs , particularly state air permitting programs .

The intent of section 112 ( r ) is to prevent accidental releases to the air and mitigate the consequences of such releases by focusing prevention measures on chemicals that pose the greatest risk to the public and the environment .
the intent of section 112 ( r ) is to prevent accidental [frees] to the air and mitigate the consequences of such [frees] by focusing prevention measures on chemicals that pose the greatest risk to the public and the environment .

Between September 11 and September 21,2001 , EPA issued five press releases regarding air quality in Lower Manhattan .
between september 11 and september 21,2001 , epa issued five press [frees] regarding air quality in lower manhattan .

The EPA Office of Inspector General investigated the issuance of these press releases and concluded that the agency did not have enough data about the range of possible pollutants other than asbestos to make a judgment , lacked public health benchmarks for appropriate levels of asbestos and other pollutants , and had imprecise methods for sampling asbestos in the air ; it also noted that more than 25 percent of the bulk dust samples collected before September 18 showed the presence of asbestos above the agency 's 1 percent benchmark .
the epa office of inspector general investigated the issuance of these press [frees] and concluded that the agency did not have enough data about the range of possible pollutants other than asbestos to make a judgment , lacked public health benchmarks for appropriate levels of asbestos and other pollutants , and had imprecise methods for sampling asbestos in the air ; it also noted that more than 25 percent of the bulk dust samples collected before september 18 showed the presence of asbestos above the agency 's 1 percent benchmark .

We do not have the expertise to examine the scientific accuracy of the pronouncements in the press releases .
we do not have the expertise to examine the scientific accuracy of the pronouncements in the press [frees] .

We did examine whether the White House improperly influenced the content of the press releases so that they would intentionally mislead the public .
we did examine whether the white house improperly influenced the content of the press [frees] so that they would intentionally mislead the public .

The EPA press releases were coordinated with Samuel Thernstrom , associate director for communications at the White House Council on Environmental Quality .
the epa press [frees] were coordinated with samuel thernstrom , associate director for communications at the white house council on environmental quality .

Although the White House review process resulted in some editorial changes to the press releases , these changes were consistent with what the EPA had already been saying without White House clearance .
although the white house review process resulted in some editorial changes to the press [frees] , these changes were consistent with what the epa had already been saying without white house clearance .

There were disputes between the EPA 's communications person and the White House coordinator regarding the press releases .
there were disputes between the epa 's communications person and the white house coordinator regarding the press [frees] .

The EPA communications person said she felt extreme pressure from the White House coordinator , and felt that they were no longer her press releases .
the epa communications person said she felt extreme pressure from the white house coordinator , and felt that they were no longer her press [frees] .

The White House coordinator , however , told us that these disputes were solely concerned with process , not the actual substance of the releases .
the white house coordinator , however , told us that these disputes were solely concerned with process , not the actual substance of the [frees] .

Future releases will allow the user to conduct more sophisticated searches , such as by anatomical structures .
future [frees] will allow the user to conduct more sophisticated searches , such as by anatomical structures .

Their algorithms not only can account for diurnal winds but can predict the effects on local weather when vegetation takes in carbon dioxide and releases water vapor .
their algorithms not only can account for diurnal winds but can predict the effects on local weather when vegetation takes in carbon dioxide and [frees] water vapor .

For $ 75 , you will receive cuddly plush elephant ( this one you get to keep at school ) , along with the following : + Official Amigo certificate + Photograph of the Kubwa & her baby girl + Fact sheet about the elephants + Recognition on the Animal Amigo Board in the Waters Building + Newsletter & releases about the baby + Elephant quiz Amigos make great gifts for those `` hard-to-buy-for '' people !
for $ 75 , you will receive cuddly plush elephant ( this one you get to keep at school ) , along with the following : + official amigo certificate + photograph of the kubwa & her baby girl + fact sheet about the elephants + recognition on the animal amigo board in the waters building + newsletter & [frees] about the baby + elephant quiz amigos make great gifts for those `` hard-to-buy-for '' people !

While most candidate Web sites are rich in position papers and press releases and sound clips and applets , they 're the cyberequivalent of a table set up at a campaign rally where you can pick up brochures .
while most candidate web sites are rich in position papers and press [frees] and sound clips and applets , they 're the cyberequivalent of a table set up at a campaign rally where you can pick up brochures .

The paper further press releases that `` some proceeds go to charity . ''
the paper further press [frees] that `` some proceeds go to charity . ''

Instead what you hear is the classic `` this will lead to a general chill on information '' argument , which says that since companies do n't want to put out press releases all the time , they 'll stop talking to analysts at all , for fear that they 'll be breaking the law .
instead what you hear is the classic `` this will lead to a general chill on information '' argument , which says that since companies do n't want to put out press [frees] all the time , they 'll stop talking to analysts at all , for fear that they 'll be breaking the law .

Her job was writing press releases , for which she was paid $ 33,000 .
her job was writing press [frees] , for which she was paid $ 33,000 .

For instance , the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights is currently looking for someone to `` assist in the reviews and analysis of numerous requests for speeches ; to develop , clear , release , and distribute a wide range of information and data concerning the nature and objective of the Commission 's programs ; [ and to ] prepare press releases , fact sheets , etc .
for instance , the u.s. commission on civil rights is currently looking for someone to `` assist in the reviews and analysis of numerous requests for speeches ; to develop , clear , release , and distribute a wide range of information and data concerning the nature and objective of the commission 's programs ; [ and to ] prepare press [frees] , fact sheets , etc .

Two recent releases deal with the Elizabethan age -- Elizabeth , the bloody tale of the Virgin Queen 's rise , and Shakespeare in Love , a romp through Elizabethan theater .
two recent [frees] deal with the elizabethan age -- elizabeth , the bloody tale of the virgin queen 's rise , and shakespeare in love , a romp through elizabethan theater .

There are other reasons that wrecks cause fan excitement -- e.g. , remaining cars must continue racing to the start/finish line ; it releases tension built up over long green-flag runs .
there are other reasons that wrecks cause fan excitement -- e.g. , remaining cars must continue racing to the start/finish line ; it [frees] tension built up over long green-flag runs .

Calls itself `` America 's first full-scale Internet campaign '' and is by far the most technically sophisticated site , with an array of slide shows , videos , and a `` personal control panel `` that repackages his position papers , speeches , and press releases as links from an icon symbolic of high-tech , individual empowerment .
calls itself `` america 's first full-scale internet campaign '' and is by far the most technically sophisticated site , with an array of slide shows , videos , and a `` personal control panel `` that repackages his position papers , speeches , and press [frees] as links from an icon symbolic of high-tech , individual empowerment .

The low-tech site lets Pat 's peasant army contribute , join an e-mail list , and browse speeches , press releases , and policy statements .
the low-tech site lets pat 's peasant army contribute , join an e-mail list , and browse speeches , press [frees] , and policy statements .

It is precisely because users can ignore the new releases from Microsoft or Lotus or Corel that the software industry works overtime to add new features to software , features that will convince users to spend $ 300 on an upgrade to do the same computing as they 're doing now , only with more bells and whistles and excitement .
it is precisely because users can ignore the new [frees] from microsoft or lotus or corel that the software industry works overtime to add new features to software , features that will convince users to spend $ 300 on an upgrade to do the same computing as they 're doing now , only with more bells and whistles and excitement .

We 're still talking about a press release , and any reporter will tell you that the value of such releases is inversely proportional to the volume received .
we 're still talking about a press release , and any reporter will tell you that the value of such [frees] is inversely proportional to the volume received .

The movie 's most talked-about close-up shows the track of a bullet as it enters a body , plowing its way through tissue and into a liver , which releases blackish bile .
the movie 's most talked-about close-up shows the track of a bullet as it enters a body , plowing its way through tissue and into a liver , which [frees] blackish bile .

CAP ( short for the ChildCare Action Project ) , located at www.capalert.com , offers detailed synopses of current releases for fundamentalist parents , along with a traffic-light ratings system ( red , yellow , or green ) .
cap ( short for the childcare action project ) , located at www.capalert.com , offers detailed synopses of current [frees] for fundamentalist parents , along with a traffic-light ratings system ( red , yellow , or green ) .

Whenever David Bowie releases product , I always have to admire his media campaigning , and current politicians could learn a lot from his methods .
whenever david bowie [frees] product , i always have to admire his media campaigning , and current politicians could learn a lot from his methods .

Similarly , video rentals all cost the same except for new releases vs. old .
similarly , video rentals all cost the same except for new [frees] vs. old .

He implies that killing is justified when it releases a willing victim from pain , a maxim that could lead to a justification of slaying the innocent to avoid any other painful social or personal dilemma .
he implies that killing is justified when it [frees] a willing victim from pain , a maxim that could lead to a justification of slaying the innocent to avoid any other painful social or personal dilemma .

On more than one occasion it has been suggested to Pippen that he issue press releases to help the Robert Wrights of the world understand who he really is and the values for which he stands .
on more than one occasion it has been suggested to pippen that he issue press [frees] to help the robert wrights of the world understand who he really is and the values for which he stands .

Singling out The Avengers as terrible implies that the other current Warner Bros. releases -- Lethal Weapon 4 , The Negotiator , and A Perfect Murder -- are not equally worthless .
singling out the avengers as terrible implies that the other current warner bros. [frees] -- lethal weapon 4 , the negotiator , and a perfect murder -- are not equally worthless .

Here are the big summer releases from the other major studios : The X-Files ; Small Soldiers ; Armageddon ; Six Days , Seven Nights ; Something About Mary ; Ever After ; The Mask of Zorro ; Dr. Dolittle ; Mulan ; Jane Austen 's Mafia ; BASEketball ; Disturbing Behavior ; Madeline ; Out of Sight ; Halloween : H20 ; Saving Private Ryan ; The Parent Trap ; and Snake Eyes .
here are the big summer [frees] from the other major studios : the x-files ; small soldiers ; armageddon ; six days , seven nights ; something about mary ; ever after ; the mask of zorro ; dr. dolittle ; mulan ; jane austen 's mafia ; baseketball ; disturbing behavior ; madeline ; out of sight ; halloween : h20 ; saving private ryan ; the parent trap ; and snake eyes .

On Friday the Republican National Committee sent news organizations two press releases highlighting the Globe story .
on friday the republican national committee sent news organizations two press [frees] highlighting the globe story .

The releases are the latest in a series of `` World According to Gore '' faxes that cast the vice-president as a political opportunist .
the [frees] are the latest in a series of `` world according to gore '' faxes that cast the vice-president as a political opportunist .

To hack away at the mayor 's reputation , Messinger has recently taken to issuing press releases with headlines like `` He Just Keeps Lying ... Lying ... And Lying ... '' But it does n't seem to matter .
to hack away at the mayor 's reputation , messinger has recently taken to issuing press [frees] with headlines like `` he just keeps lying ... lying ... and lying ... '' but it does n't seem to matter .

When the Clinton administration releases its analysis of the impact of the North American Free Trade Agreement this month , NAFTA critics will seize on the data .
when the clinton administration [frees] its analysis of the impact of the north american free trade agreement this month , nafta critics will seize on the data .

In her column today Maureen Dowd charges that in Hollywood , entertainment pooh-bahs are `` skittering away '' from its recent spate of China-bashing movie releases out of fear of losing access to Chinese markets .
in her column today maureen dowd charges that in hollywood , entertainment pooh-bahs are `` skittering away '' from its recent spate of china-bashing movie [frees] out of fear of losing access to chinese markets .

To actually read these press releases is to risk stupor .
to actually read these press [frees] is to risk stupor .

Companies continue to disclose material information to analysts before issuing press releases .
companies continue to disclose material information to analysts before issuing press [frees] .

All that has changed in recent years , and the first four releases of the Nonesuch Film Series amount to a certificate of intellectual chic .
all that has changed in recent years , and the first four [frees] of the nonesuch film series amount to a certificate of intellectual chic .

Disclaimer : Bear in mind that I 've not had the opportunity to actually preview many of the aforementioned shows and in many cases am relying on press releases , written synopses , and assurances from network flacks that a particular episode does n't suck .
disclaimer : bear in mind that i 've not had the opportunity to actually preview many of the aforementioned shows and in many cases am relying on press [frees] , written synopses , and assurances from network flacks that a particular episode does n't suck .

They clearly did expose Gore to hazards he would n't have faced had he stayed back at the base writing up press releases .
they clearly did expose gore to hazards he would n't have faced had he stayed back at the base writing up press [frees] .

He points to the success of the new MTV and Nickelodeon book imprints and of books tied to Paramount film releases as evidence that the company 's parts add up to a stronger whole .
he points to the success of the new mtv and nickelodeon book imprints and of books tied to paramount film [frees] as evidence that the company 's parts add up to a stronger whole .

The only real successes among the summer releases were Men in Black , Air Force One , and The Lost World .
the only real successes among the summer [frees] were men in black , air force one , and the lost world .

Biographical information , press releases , and lengthy legislative accomplishment lists are complemented by intern solicitations and flag request forms .
biographical information , press [frees] , and lengthy legislative accomplishment lists are complemented by intern solicitations and flag request forms .

It is also bad news that breast-feeding , which adoptive mothers usually ca n't do , releases the bonding hormone oxytocin .
it is also bad news that breast-feeding , which adoptive mothers usually ca n't do , [frees] the bonding hormone oxytocin .

My bet is that when the medical examiner releases his report on Jonathan Melvoin next week , it will disclose that the smashed pumpkin was drinking booze while shooting , a fatal error that pre-'50s addicts almost never made .
my bet is that when the medical examiner [frees] his report on jonathan melvoin next week , it will disclose that the smashed pumpkin was drinking booze while shooting , a fatal error that pre-'50s addicts almost never made .

Obviously the video was n't really intended for Bradley ; its target was the national press , a couple hundred of whose members received e-mail press releases with the video attached .
obviously the video was n't really intended for bradley ; its target was the national press , a couple hundred of whose members received e-mail press [frees] with the video attached .

Tom Waits ' first album in six years , which ditches the junkyard noise experimentation of his previous releases for a blues approach , gets passable reviews from Rolling Sone and Spin .
tom waits ' first album in six years , which ditches the junkyard noise experimentation of his previous [frees] for a blues approach , gets passable reviews from rolling sone and spin .

Under the headline `` Lapel Diplomacy , '' the paper said that `` her sparklers -- the brooches she wears while negotiating knotty issues of geo-politics -- are as much a statement as the press releases after various meetings with , say , the Iraqis , Serbs , Russians , or Israelis . ''
under the headline `` lapel diplomacy , '' the paper said that `` her sparklers -- the brooches she wears while negotiating knotty issues of geo-politics -- are as much a statement as the press [frees] after various meetings with , say , the iraqis , serbs , russians , or israelis . ''

If we allow Tomorrow Never Dies the traditional James Bond logic waiver , only The Postman , of all the major releases , had true lunacy at its heart .
if we allow tomorrow never dies the traditional james bond logic waiver , only the postman , of all the major [frees] , had true lunacy at its heart .

Recent releases portray him as hero or hedonist , romantic or reprobate -- but never as all these things at once .
recent [frees] portray him as hero or hedonist , romantic or reprobate -- but never as all these things at once .

Meanwhile , `` My Heart Will Go On '' has pulled two different albums to the top of the charts , humiliating new releases from Van Halen and Pearl Jam .
meanwhile , `` my heart will go on '' has pulled two different albums to the top of the charts , humiliating new [frees] from van halen and pearl jam .

If this were a Rube Goldberg contraption , this recollection would remind the writer of the grease spot on page 2 , caused by his having eaten a Big Mac , the memory of which conjures up such a vivid image that the writer opens his mouth to take a bite , and a string attached to his lower jaw releases a mouse , the sight of which arouses a cat which chases it , causing the mouse to squeal , awakening a midget who stretches , tripping open a trapdoor ; through the trapdoor falls a usage book , sliding down a chute into the hands of the writer .
if this were a rube goldberg contraption , this recollection would remind the writer of the grease spot on page 2 , caused by his having eaten a big mac , the memory of which conjures up such a vivid image that the writer opens his mouth to take a bite , and a string attached to his lower jaw [frees] a mouse , the sight of which arouses a cat which chases it , causing the mouse to squeal , awakening a midget who stretches , tripping open a trapdoor ; through the trapdoor falls a usage book , sliding down a chute into the hands of the writer .

