Sixty workers at a clothing company could face redundancy because the firm is relocating .
sixty workers at a clothing company could face redundancy because the firm is [moving] .

The work also involves relocating the kitchen and lounge area to the ground floor and resiting the main entrance .
the work also involves [moving] the kitchen and lounge area to the ground floor and resiting the main entrance .

Scarborough was stopped from relocating to an out-of town site and selling its current McCain Stadium on planning grounds .
scarborough was stopped from [moving] to an out-of town site and selling its current mccain stadium on planning grounds .

The Lloyds Register of Shipping is considering relocating to the town .
the lloyds register of shipping is considering [moving] to the town .

One of the main problems in relocating an organisation to another part of the country lies in trying to predict how many employees will move with it .
one of the main problems in [moving] an organisation to another part of the country lies in trying to predict how many employees will move with it .

Although the costs of relocating can usually be easily quantified , the benefits associated with the relocation often can not , in the short term , be transferred into cash values .
although the costs of [moving] can usually be easily quantified , the benefits associated with the relocation often can not , in the short term , be transferred into cash values .

Relocating an employee can prove very costly .
[moving] an employee can prove very costly .

If the redundancy package is too generous many staff will opt for that and not even consider relocating .
if the redundancy package is too generous many staff will opt for that and not even consider [moving] .

The move took place in two stages with the north London sites relocating first in 1982 and the Kent-based operation transferring to Stevenage in the summer of 1983 .
the move took place in two stages with the north london sites [moving] first in 1982 and the kent-based operation transferring to stevenage in the summer of 1983 .

American Can also looked for areas with reasonably priced rates and rent and with pleasant housing areas for staff relocating with the company .
american can also looked for areas with reasonably priced rates and rent and with pleasant housing areas for staff [moving] with the company .

Being further from Manchester than other areas often favoured by businesses , such as Wilmslow and Altrincham , Congleton offered cheaper rent and rates to the company and cheaper housing for relocating employees .
being further from manchester than other areas often favoured by businesses , such as wilmslow and altrincham , congleton offered cheaper rent and rates to the company and cheaper housing for [moving] employees .

The relocation itself was phased with departments relocating separately to the new location .
the relocation itself was phased with departments [moving] separately to the new location .

Staff relocating with Sun Life received the cost of : legal and estate agents ' fees for the sale of the old property plus the legal fees , stamp duty and surveyors ' fees paid in respect of the new property .
staff [moving] with sun life received the cost of : legal and estate agents ' fees for the sale of the old property plus the legal fees , stamp duty and surveyors ' fees paid in respect of the new property .

Employees relocating to London receive a maximum allowance of £871 a year and those moving to areas of higher priced housing elsewhere in the country receive the current maximum payment of £638 per year .
employees [moving] to london receive a maximum allowance of £871 a year and those moving to areas of higher priced housing elsewhere in the country receive the current maximum payment of £638 per year .

Relocating staff costs employers considerable sums of money .
[moving] staff costs employers considerable sums of money .

The range of benefits given to new employees relocating as a result of accepting a job offer varies widely according to company policy and individuals ' circumstances .
the range of benefits given to new employees [moving] as a result of accepting a job offer varies widely according to company policy and individuals ' circumstances .

All the above allowances apply to existing employees relocating at company request too but existing staff also receive a payment of 10 per cent of salary ( instead of one month 's salary ) together with an additional three-monthly allowance of £150 per month towards accommodation and/or fares ( that is , making a maximum period of six months ) .
all the above allowances apply to existing employees [moving] at company request too but existing staff also receive a payment of 10 per cent of salary ( instead of one month 's salary ) together with an additional three-monthly allowance of £150 per month towards accommodation and/or fares ( that is , making a maximum period of six months ) .

Relocating individual staff abroad is an extremely costly procedure .
[moving] individual staff abroad is an extremely costly procedure .

Unlike expatriates relocating overseas as part of a career move , those employed on fixed-term contracts often leave their families behind while they complete their contract .
unlike expatriates [moving] overseas as part of a career move , those employed on fixed-term contracts often leave their families behind while they complete their contract .

Schering-Plough managing director Tony Cork said his team was relocating as part of its plans for further growth .
schering-plough managing director tony cork said his team was [moving] as part of its plans for further growth .

For those nurses relocating from the acute sector to community services , training will be needed to prepare them for new ways of working .
for those nurses [moving] from the acute sector to community services , training will be needed to prepare them for new ways of working .

By the time transformational rules ( if they are really operating — which is theoretically contentious , as we shall see in due course ) enter the picture , we can expect even more linguistic material to be available for reshaping , re-ordering and relocating .
by the time transformational rules ( if they are really operating — which is theoretically contentious , as we shall see in due course ) enter the picture , we can expect even more linguistic material to be available for reshaping , re-ordering and [moving] .

These works are often engaged in relocating and reinterpreting Mannheim 's work on the sociology of knowledge after the assault it received from functionalist sociology and philosophy when it was first introduced into the English-speaking academic community .
these works are often engaged in [moving] and reinterpreting mannheim 's work on the sociology of knowledge after the assault it received from functionalist sociology and philosophy when it was first introduced into the english-speaking academic community .

Whenever possible provision should be made for relocating or retraining dismissed staff , not only because of the personal benefits to those involved , but also because of the effects on the remaining staff 's morale .
whenever possible provision should be made for [moving] or retraining dismissed staff , not only because of the personal benefits to those involved , but also because of the effects on the remaining staff 's morale .

Ceauşescu had naturally received expert advice on the process of relocating buildings in this way , and therefore must have known the consequences .
ceauşescu had naturally received expert advice on the process of [moving] buildings in this way , and therefore must have known the consequences .

Acer is also downsizing its Hsindsheu plant and is reportedly considering relocating it to China .
acer is also downsizing its hsindsheu plant and is reportedly considering [moving] it to china .

For example , Fielding ( 1982 ) takes the best elements of the three main models : ( a ) the desire to live in a more rural setting ; ( b ) the availability of new jobs in the sunrise industries of the rural areas ; and ( c ) regional planning by governments to argue that the two main factors are first , the development of a post-industrial society where the mobile middle classes are relocating the new industries , and second , the rise of service employment , particularly in the more attractive rural areas of each country .
for example , fielding ( 1982 ) takes the best elements of the three main models : ( a ) the desire to live in a more rural setting ; ( b ) the availability of new jobs in the sunrise industries of the rural areas ; and ( c ) regional planning by governments to argue that the two main factors are first , the development of a post-industrial society where the mobile middle classes are [moving] the new industries , and second , the rise of service employment , particularly in the more attractive rural areas of each country .

At any one time , the new and growing ( or even merely relocating ) parts of an economy will be selecting their locations from a highly complex geography .
at any one time , the new and growing ( or even merely [moving] ) parts of an economy will be selecting their locations from a highly complex geography .

The University has in place a funding strategy to enable it to achieve this objective ; the funds , however , which it would hope to raise for that purpose would not be available to meet the costs of relocating the medical departments ( see para .
the university has in place a funding strategy to enable it to achieve this objective ; the funds , however , which it would hope to raise for that purpose would not be available to meet the costs of [moving] the medical departments ( see para .

Relocating all tenants from high rise tower blocks to low rise housing requires enormous logistic skills .
[moving] all tenants from high rise tower blocks to low rise housing requires enormous logistic skills .

These included carrying out further work on the impacts of relocating tribal people , and studying the effect on fisheries .
these included carrying out further work on the impacts of [moving] tribal people , and studying the effect on fisheries .

Excessive fading can occur if a rug is exposed to long periods of strong sunlight , and is best avoided by either relocating the rug or putting it in storage for the summer .
excessive fading can occur if a rug is exposed to long periods of strong sunlight , and is best avoided by either [moving] the rug or putting it in storage for the summer .

( 10 ) Throughout Stages 1 and 2 , DCSLs may be involved in advising schools , librarians , or library committees on practical matters , from suggesting trends in library layout ( for schools relocating or refurbishing their libraries in anticipation of , or as a result of , receiving a project grant ) to advising on precise requirements of order forms , the need to " weed " old stock to make space for the new acquisitions , and the desirability or updating or devising a new catalogue .
( 10 ) throughout stages 1 and 2 , dcsls may be involved in advising schools , librarians , or library committees on practical matters , from suggesting trends in library layout ( for schools [moving] or refurbishing their libraries in anticipation of , or as a result of , receiving a project grant ) to advising on precise requirements of order forms , the need to " weed " old stock to make space for the new acquisitions , and the desirability or updating or devising a new catalogue .

There has been much damning comment about the state of the British film industry , and much positive talk of Hollywood County Wicklow , but is it merely a case of British film-makers relocating ? ‘ The Commitments ’ , with an all Irish cast and based on a book by Roddy Doyle , would be perceived here as an Irish film , but director Alan Parker is English , the screenwriters were British , the costumes were designed and made in England ( to look like they had been picked up in second-hand shops in Dublin ) and , perhaps more significantly , the film was financed with American and British money .
there has been much damning comment about the state of the british film industry , and much positive talk of hollywood county wicklow , but is it merely a case of british film-makers [moving] ? ‘ the commitments ’ , with an all irish cast and based on a book by roddy doyle , would be perceived here as an irish film , but director alan parker is english , the screenwriters were british , the costumes were designed and made in england ( to look like they had been picked up in second-hand shops in dublin ) and , perhaps more significantly , the film was financed with american and british money .

Hungary 's allies do not mind that it criticises Romania , which is relocating Hungarian.speakers and razing their villages .
hungary 's allies do not mind that it criticises romania , which is [moving] hungarian.speakers and razing their villages .

However , other manufacturers , including the largest , Sir Robert Peel , found an alternative to both men and machinery by relocating their firms where cheap female labour was available to hand paint the cloth or else to print with wooden blocks studded with thousands of pins instead of the engraved blocks cut by the journeymen .
however , other manufacturers , including the largest , sir robert peel , found an alternative to both men and machinery by [moving] their firms where cheap female labour was available to hand paint the cloth or else to print with wooden blocks studded with thousands of pins instead of the engraved blocks cut by the journeymen .

Friend the Secretary of State is to announce today that he is appointing Ernst and Young management consultants to undertake an independent study of the case for and against relocating the Department of Energy 's petroleum engineering directorate to Aberdeen .
friend the secretary of state is to announce today that he is appointing ernst and young management consultants to undertake an independent study of the case for and against [moving] the department of energy 's petroleum engineering directorate to aberdeen .

Despite heavy attacks on Iraqi airfields , many of the country 's 700 planes were successful in avoiding destruction by relocating to bases in the north of the country and by taking refuge in reinforced underground shelters .
despite heavy attacks on iraqi airfields , many of the country 's 700 planes were successful in avoiding destruction by [moving] to bases in the north of the country and by taking refuge in reinforced underground shelters .

If sea level rises , one response will be a gradual relocating to higher ground .
if sea level rises , one response will be a gradual [moving] to higher ground .

Yet 150,000 people chose to settle in Devon , Cornwall , Dorset and Somerset in 1991 , with another 28,000 relocating in Avon .
yet 150,000 people chose to settle in devon , cornwall , dorset and somerset in 1991 , with another 28,000 [moving] in avon .

But now it is individual skilled and managerial people ( plus entrepreneurs and self-employed ) who are relocating West ) .
but now it is individual skilled and managerial people ( plus entrepreneurs and self-employed ) who are [moving] west ) .

relocating you elsewhere within the organisation
[moving] you elsewhere within the organisation

As part of the Black Country inward investment programme , Laporte is to invest £4.4m in relocating its cleaning chemical company , Gramos Chemicals , to Spring Road , Smethwick .
as part of the black country inward investment programme , laporte is to invest £4.4m in [moving] its cleaning chemical company , gramos chemicals , to spring road , smethwick .

In the main these were the moving of all the machinery from the Frame Shops themselves and Body-Shop lean-to , relocating them in the Old Lifting Shop ( No 34 on the 1906 map ) , and the introduction of welded frames .
in the main these were the moving of all the machinery from the frame shops themselves and body-shop lean-to , [moving] them in the old lifting shop ( no 34 on the 1906 map ) , and the introduction of welded frames .

First , publicity and advertising extols the virtues of one area over another , in an attempt to attract firms which are beginning , expanding or relocating .
first , publicity and advertising extols the virtues of one area over another , in an attempt to attract firms which are beginning , expanding or [moving] .

They were already acting to cut costs in June 1990 , moving the company from four locations to one ; last year 's small pre-tax loss arose mainly from the costs of relocating employees who wanted to move house with the unification .
they were already acting to cut costs in june 1990 , moving the company from four locations to one ; last year 's small pre-tax loss arose mainly from the costs of [moving] employees who wanted to move house with the unification .

Donaldson 's Hospital School for the Deaf was evacuated to Cockburnspath and North Berwick ; the nursery department of the Royal Schools for the Deaf , Manchester , was evacuated to Middlewich in Cheshire ; the Old Kent Road School for the Deaf to St. Alban , Glamorgan , temporarily before relocating at Banstead , Surrey , where they were joined by Anerley School for the Deaf who had originally evacuated to the Royal Cross School , Preston thence to the Royal West of England School at Exeter , hurriedly evacuating the latter following the Baedeker Raids on Exeter in 1942 .
donaldson 's hospital school for the deaf was evacuated to cockburnspath and north berwick ; the nursery department of the royal schools for the deaf , manchester , was evacuated to middlewich in cheshire ; the old kent road school for the deaf to st. alban , glamorgan , temporarily before [moving] at banstead , surrey , where they were joined by anerley school for the deaf who had originally evacuated to the royal cross school , preston thence to the royal west of england school at exeter , hurriedly evacuating the latter following the baedeker raids on exeter in 1942 .

Those losing jobs from companies relocating to the inner cities would probably be able to acquire new jobs much more easily than those trapped within the cities .
those losing jobs from companies [moving] to the inner cities would probably be able to acquire new jobs much more easily than those trapped within the cities .

This might initially involve low-grade jobs relocating from elsewhere into the zones .
this might initially involve low-grade jobs [moving] from elsewhere into the zones .

List the times and data in two adjacent columns , rescaling and relocating to minimize writing and computational effort .
list the times and data in two adjacent columns , rescaling and [moving] to minimize writing and computational effort .

This rule changes and clarifies certain aspects of the Commission 's microwave relocation rules and adopts a plan for sharing the costs of relocating microwave facilities currently operating in the 1850 to 1990 MHz ( 2GHz ) band .
this rule changes and clarifies certain aspects of the commission 's microwave relocation rules and adopts a plan for sharing the costs of [moving] microwave facilities currently operating in the 1850 to 1990 mhz ( 2ghz ) band .

They were relocating from another state and needed a place to live `` for a few months '' while they got to know the area , and found jobs and a place to live .
they were [moving] from another state and needed a place to live `` for a few months '' while they got to know the area , and found jobs and a place to live .

Shortly after BofA left , the Knight-Ridder Co. , long established in Miami , announced it is relocating its home office to Silicon Valley or , as we in the city like to say , `` the Bay Area . ''
shortly after bofa left , the knight-ridder co. , long established in miami , announced it is [moving] its home office to silicon valley or , as we in the city like to say , `` the bay area . ''

These include ideas such as limiting the appeals that states and individuals can file if the feds decline to pick up restoration costs -- while these appeals are pending , FEMA has to pick up the full costs of relocating not only families but also such expensive entities as city halls and universities .
these include ideas such as limiting the appeals that states and individuals can file if the feds decline to pick up restoration costs -- while these appeals are pending , fema has to pick up the full costs of [moving] not only families but also such expensive entities as city halls and universities .

He is relocating to his home state of Georgia .
he is [moving] to his home state of georgia .

Gates , as is well known , started Microsoft in Albuquerque before relocating to his hometown .
gates , as is well known , started microsoft in albuquerque before [moving] to his hometown .

The national edition of the New York Times leads with a U.S.-British operation that 's currently relocating nuclear material from the nation of Georgia to England to keep it out of the hands of Iran , Chechen gangs or aspiring nuclear powers .
the national edition of the new york times leads with a u.s.-british operation that 's currently [moving] nuclear material from the nation of georgia to england to keep it out of the hands of iran , chechen gangs or aspiring nuclear powers .

