wanted it relocated with all the cabling and that , you know er to the terminals
wanted it [moved] with all the cabling and that , you know er to the terminals

Even jobs which have been successfully relocated in areas such as East Kilbride , increasing employment opportunities , could end up being moved away again should they be privatised .
even jobs which have been successfully [moved] in areas such as east kilbride , increasing employment opportunities , could end up being moved away again should they be privatised .

Nissan says that after two years car production in Japan will be concentrated in a new factory in Fukuoka , southern Kyushu , where the Zama workforce is to be relocated .
nissan says that after two years car production in japan will be concentrated in a new factory in fukuoka , southern kyushu , where the zama workforce is to be [moved] .

They have been relocated at the Iwaba wildlife estate , where they will be protected from poachers , and where they are needed to reduce the density of the bush , which is outgrowing the ability of the animals to eat it .
they have been [moved] at the iwaba wildlife estate , where they will be protected from poachers , and where they are needed to reduce the density of the bush , which is outgrowing the ability of the animals to eat it .

Some of the 40 staff are expected to retire or be relocated .
some of the 40 staff are expected to retire or be [moved] .

Although most residents were being relocated in any of the 34 remaining council homes for the elderly , some had gone to private homes and some had gone to other counties to be closer to relatives .
although most residents were being [moved] in any of the 34 remaining council homes for the elderly , some had gone to private homes and some had gone to other counties to be closer to relatives .

Although most residents were being relocated in any of the 34 remaining council homes for the elderly , some had gone to private homes and some had gone to other counties to be closer to relatives .
although most residents were being [moved] in any of the 34 remaining council homes for the elderly , some had gone to private homes and some had gone to other counties to be closer to relatives .

‘ They will not be satisfied until the cylinders are relocated elsewhere .
‘ they will not be satisfied until the cylinders are [moved] elsewhere .

Some will relocated .
some will [moved] .

But although recent decisions by Oxfordshire County Council and South Oxfordshire District Council have gone against the club , managing director , Pat McGere , says he 'll press on with efforts to have the club relocated from the Manor Ground .
but although recent decisions by oxfordshire county council and south oxfordshire district council have gone against the club , managing director , pat mcgere , says he 'll press on with efforts to have the club [moved] from the manor ground .

The Joint Transport Operation ( with Oxfam ) which was formerly located in Desse , capital of the region of Walo in the north of the country , was relocated in Addis Ababba during the latter stages of the civil war .
the joint transport operation ( with oxfam ) which was formerly located in desse , capital of the region of walo in the north of the country , was [moved] in addis ababba during the latter stages of the civil war .

The gym and other sports rooms would be relocated in the remaining building .
the gym and other sports rooms would be [moved] in the remaining building .

Although the reach of the top horn only extends as far as the 14th fret ( which could spell balance problems given such a long neck ) the body does have a pronounced lower bout , with the face-mounted bridge situated quite well back ; this relocated mass helps to preclude potential neck-heaviness .
although the reach of the top horn only extends as far as the 14th fret ( which could spell balance problems given such a long neck ) the body does have a pronounced lower bout , with the face-mounted bridge situated quite well back ; this [moved] mass helps to preclude potential neck-heaviness .

1992 … The wonder Stuff , Public Enemy , Disposable Heroes Of Hiphoprisy , Nick Cave , Manic Street Preachers , Ride , Mudhoney , Teenage Fanclub and , erm , Nirvana … In the 20 years since the National Jazz , Blues And Rock Festival relocated itself from sleepy London toff suburb , Richmond , to its present Thames Valley site , the Reading Festival has become the premier rock gig .
1992 … the wonder stuff , public enemy , disposable heroes of hiphoprisy , nick cave , manic street preachers , ride , mudhoney , teenage fanclub and , erm , nirvana … in the 20 years since the national jazz , blues and rock festival [moved] itself from sleepy london toff suburb , richmond , to its present thames valley site , the reading festival has become the premier rock gig .

The company said many will be relocated in new-style , bigger stores .
the company said many will be [moved] in new-style , bigger stores .

The art , therefore , is in determining which staff need to be relocated and in drawing up a compensation package which will encourage most , if not all , of the key people to move .
the art , therefore , is in determining which staff need to be [moved] and in drawing up a compensation package which will encourage most , if not all , of the key people to move .

Concern may also arise about the employment opportunities for a relocated spouse and school and future work opportunities in the area for children .
concern may also arise about the employment opportunities for a [moved] spouse and school and future work opportunities in the area for children .

Employers pay a hefty price if the executive relocated overseas fails in the post — for whatever reason — and is forced to return home .
employers pay a hefty price if the executive [moved] overseas fails in the post — for whatever reason — and is forced to return home .

Whether to take personal effects abroad or not — and anxiety about their safe transport or storage — is another area of worry for relocated executives and their families .
whether to take personal effects abroad or not — and anxiety about their safe transport or storage — is another area of worry for [moved] executives and their families .

If the business relocates too early or if the proposed developments are delayed , the organisation will need to have contingency plans on how the business will operate and where relocated employees will live until these new services are completed .
if the business relocates too early or if the proposed developments are delayed , the organisation will need to have contingency plans on how the business will operate and where [moved] employees will live until these new services are completed .

It may also prove helpful to talk to other firms which have relocated to find out how they went about planning and executing the relocation , the problems they faced and how they overcame them .
it may also prove helpful to talk to other firms which have [moved] to find out how they went about planning and executing the relocation , the problems they faced and how they overcame them .

Generally , companies can not do much to help , although some try to employ relocated employees ' spouses or inform them of job vacancies in other firms in the area .
generally , companies can not do much to help , although some try to employ [moved] employees ' spouses or inform them of job vacancies in other firms in the area .

Worries that the relocated employees faced were finding employment for relocated spouses and ensuring that the relocation did not affect children 's schooling .
worries that the [moved] employees faced were finding employment for [moved] spouses and ensuring that the relocation did not affect children 's schooling .

In April 1982 , American Can relocated its head office to Congleton in Cheshire .
in april 1982 , american can [moved] its head office to congleton in cheshire .

Sun Life Assurance employs 2500 employees and in 1976 the head office was relocated from London to Bristol .
sun life assurance employs 2500 employees and in 1976 the head office was [moved] from london to bristol .

Companies such as Brown & Root and Cornhill Insurance pay relocated employees other grants on top of the disturbance allowance .
companies such as brown & root and cornhill insurance pay [moved] employees other grants on top of the disturbance allowance .

However , in other companies , disturbance allowances given to relocated employees are taxable .
however , in other companies , disturbance allowances given to [moved] employees are taxable .

Organisations may also reclaim any monies given but not spent by relocated employees .
organisations may also reclaim any monies given but not spent by [moved] employees .

One publishing company which relocated out of central London to the suburbs negotiated a small consolidated payment , with its recognised union , the National Union of Journalists .
one publishing company which [moved] out of central london to the suburbs negotiated a small consolidated payment , with its recognised union , the national union of journalists .

The company relocated its premises to Huntingdon and asked Mr Rose to move to the new premises .
the company [moved] its premises to huntingdon and asked mr rose to move to the new premises .

Next , compensation given to employees specifically recruited to undertake fixed-term contracts overseas is covered and lastly , the chapter examines assistance given to foreign expatriates relocated to Britain .
next , compensation given to employees specifically recruited to undertake fixed-term contracts overseas is covered and lastly , the chapter examines assistance given to foreign expatriates [moved] to britain .

The basic salaries paid to executives relocated abroad depend to a certain degree on which countries are involved .
the basic salaries paid to executives [moved] abroad depend to a certain degree on which countries are involved .

Hardship allowances are paid as compensation to those expatriates relocated to countries where they have to face greater discomforts or difficulties than they would normally experience at home : climate , unstable political environments , isolation , separation from children , poor sanitation , and so on .
hardship allowances are paid as compensation to those expatriates [moved] to countries where they have to face greater discomforts or difficulties than they would normally experience at home : climate , unstable political environments , isolation , separation from children , poor sanitation , and so on .

The salary paid to the relocated executive is only the tip of the iceberg .
the salary paid to the [moved] executive is only the tip of the iceberg .

( Employees relocated to parts of Britain other than London are more likely to have to buy property as there is little suitable rented accommodation available . )
( employees [moved] to parts of britain other than london are more likely to have to buy property as there is little suitable rented accommodation available . )

The stance taken is that child protection work must be relocated within the heart of good practice with children and families .
the stance taken is that child protection work must be [moved] within the heart of good practice with children and families .

Charing Cross — should take on the relocated Royal Brompton and Royal Marsden hospitals
charing cross — should take on the [moved] royal brompton and royal marsden hospitals

Also of major importance in the local campaign was a programme transmitted on Ulster Television describing the experiences of a community in Hambach , West Germany , which was relocated for similar reasons .
also of major importance in the local campaign was a programme transmitted on ulster television describing the experiences of a community in hambach , west germany , which was [moved] for similar reasons .

Some 25,000 people have been relocated from 64 villages outside Cologne to allow lignite mining to take place .
some 25,000 people have been [moved] from 64 villages outside cologne to allow lignite mining to take place .

An England grown fat on imperial tribute , its manufacturing industry relocated in the East , and its proletariat reduced to servicing the conspicuous consumption of idle rentiers , would provide little basis for democratic resistance to the power of the financial oligarchy .
an england grown fat on imperial tribute , its manufacturing industry [moved] in the east , and its proletariat reduced to servicing the conspicuous consumption of idle rentiers , would provide little basis for democratic resistance to the power of the financial oligarchy .

Pension Scheme Office relocated
pension scheme office [moved]

Residents would be relocated from dying areas to those that still had life in them .
residents would be [moved] from dying areas to those that still had life in them .

In 1991 , for example , Fareed Armaly and Christian Philipp Muller cloned the banal façade of the building and relocated it full scale at the edge of a forest : ‘ Fassade Galerie Nagel 1:1 ’ showed the same , faceless , empty apartment building but joined to a work belonging to Munich art dealer , Hanns Daxer and his wife ( to which ‘ Fassade ’ now also belongs ) .
in 1991 , for example , fareed armaly and christian philipp muller cloned the banal façade of the building and [moved] it full scale at the edge of a forest : ‘ fassade galerie nagel 1:1 ’ showed the same , faceless , empty apartment building but joined to a work belonging to munich art dealer , hanns daxer and his wife ( to which ‘ fassade ’ now also belongs ) .

Rhinos are also now being relocated to sanctuaries which are surrounded by high voltage fencing .
rhinos are also now being [moved] to sanctuaries which are surrounded by high voltage fencing .

They formed early last year , when Margaret relocated from New York City and became the perfect foil for Dave 's abrasive muse , to be augmented by a ready-made rhythm section arising from the demise of The Wolfhounds .
they formed early last year , when margaret [moved] from new york city and became the perfect foil for dave 's abrasive muse , to be augmented by a ready-made rhythm section arising from the demise of the wolfhounds .

The godly had some success in severing their connection with the church by banishing them from the churchyard , but the old festal calendar survived and the activities associated with it — mumming at New Year , dancing at Candlemas , football and other games at Shrovetide , and maypole dancing on Mayday — were relocated in and around the village ale-house .
the godly had some success in severing their connection with the church by banishing them from the churchyard , but the old festal calendar survived and the activities associated with it — mumming at new year , dancing at candlemas , football and other games at shrovetide , and maypole dancing on mayday — were [moved] in and around the village ale-house .

There are three possibilities ; people can be lost through death ( which may be a high proportion in an elderly congregation located in a retirement area ) , transfer out ( high in an old community due for demolition , or where people move in search of employment or as they are relocated or promoted ) , or reversion ( may be high where the social pressure is hostile to the church , or where church morale is at a low ebb ) .
there are three possibilities ; people can be lost through death ( which may be a high proportion in an elderly congregation located in a retirement area ) , transfer out ( high in an old community due for demolition , or where people move in search of employment or as they are [moved] or promoted ) , or reversion ( may be high where the social pressure is hostile to the church , or where church morale is at a low ebb ) .

The major loss was through transfer out as fifteen people were relocated or moved abroad on promotion or on changing to a new firm .
the major loss was through transfer out as fifteen people were [moved] or moved abroad on promotion or on changing to a new firm .

Five of the seven ethnic groups that were relocated in this way were rehabilitated and partially repatriated to their native territories in 1956–7 .
five of the seven ethnic groups that were [moved] in this way were rehabilitated and partially repatriated to their native territories in 1956–7 .

The fact that the South East contains a disproportionately high number of professional and managerial inhabitants , that transportation is generally quicker and easier because of the flatter terrain , and that industry and population from London have been relocated to surrounding satellite towns have all conspired to spread the ex-urban population far out into the metropolitan hinterland .
the fact that the south east contains a disproportionately high number of professional and managerial inhabitants , that transportation is generally quicker and easier because of the flatter terrain , and that industry and population from london have been [moved] to surrounding satellite towns have all conspired to spread the ex-urban population far out into the metropolitan hinterland .

The district officer in India had practically no chance for professional growth except possibly to be relocated , after a three-year stint , to a bigger district .
the district officer in india had practically no chance for professional growth except possibly to be [moved] , after a three-year stint , to a bigger district .

Between Biisk , which was relocated and strengthened , and Kuznetsk were three forposty and eleven beacons .
between biisk , which was [moved] and strengthened , and kuznetsk were three forposty and eleven beacons .

After an inauspicious début as part of a band , Amos went solo and relocated to London .
after an inauspicious début as part of a band , amos went solo and [moved] to london .

These new beginnings within community care would be seriously compromised if institutional models , with their emphasis on compulsion and surveillance , are simply relocated in a different guise in the community as the power base of psychiatry , namely the asylums , is run down .
these new beginnings within community care would be seriously compromised if institutional models , with their emphasis on compulsion and surveillance , are simply [moved] in a different guise in the community as the power base of psychiatry , namely the asylums , is run down .

There are precedents for such a move : during the second world war some students and staff from University College Hospital , London , relocated to Cardiff .
there are precedents for such a move : during the second world war some students and staff from university college hospital , london , [moved] to cardiff .

This was not the case with the relocated banksides on the Meadowell where the existing distinction was perpetuated .
this was not the case with the [moved] banksides on the meadowell where the existing distinction was perpetuated .

Generally , however , inner-city areas are very deprived , partly because of reductions in government welfare expenditure and , partly , because industrial employment is being relocated away from the inner city .
generally , however , inner-city areas are very deprived , partly because of reductions in government welfare expenditure and , partly , because industrial employment is being [moved] away from the inner city .

These rather simple expectations were not fulfilled however : the worst housed were not necessarily relocated and the new estates were associated in due time with their own problems of overcrowding , poverty and undernourishment .
these rather simple expectations were not fulfilled however : the worst housed were not necessarily [moved] and the new estates were associated in due time with their own problems of overcrowding , poverty and undernourishment .

Remarkably , in a short time , war-torn Britain had compulsory direction of labour , it re-established its crippled industries , depressed agriculture was revived , population was relocated ( 1 million schoolchildren were evacuated ) and industry steered .
remarkably , in a short time , war-torn britain had compulsory direction of labour , it re-established its crippled industries , depressed agriculture was revived , population was [moved] ( 1 million schoolchildren were evacuated ) and industry steered .

She seated herself at the desk , relocated a floral display and smiled as the first patient walked into the room .
she seated herself at the desk , [moved] a floral display and smiled as the first patient walked into the room .

The Foundation 's director , Valmik Thapar , also criticized the project 's failure to take into account the needs of local people living on the fringes of the reserves , some of whom were forcibly relocated outside the boundaries when the parks were created .
the foundation 's director , valmik thapar , also criticized the project 's failure to take into account the needs of local people living on the fringes of the reserves , some of whom were forcibly [moved] outside the boundaries when the parks were created .

The restaurant will be in a ground-floor room where Wright had intended to place it , but which had been occupied by the conservation department , ( now relocated , with the museum 's storage facilities , to the city 's West Side ) .
the restaurant will be in a ground-floor room where wright had intended to place it , but which had been occupied by the conservation department , ( now [moved] , with the museum 's storage facilities , to the city 's west side ) .

Prior to 1978 , when the factory was relocated in the San Bartolo industrial park , there were three strikes for official trade union recognition , In the 1976 strike , 50 North American guards were sent to dislodge the women from the factory gates .
prior to 1978 , when the factory was [moved] in the san bartolo industrial park , there were three strikes for official trade union recognition , in the 1976 strike , 50 north american guards were sent to dislodge the women from the factory gates .

Many could be relocated within the company 's own premises , surplus space having become available because of the recession .
many could be [moved] within the company 's own premises , surplus space having become available because of the recession .

As part of the office moves the Control staff will be relocated to the east wing of the ‘ doughnut ’ where the Benefits staff are presently situated .
as part of the office moves the control staff will be [moved] to the east wing of the ‘ doughnut ’ where the benefits staff are presently situated .

At Sandhurst in Berkshire , we have relocated several acres of wild flower meadow from the site of our new superstore .
at sandhurst in berkshire , we have [moved] several acres of wild flower meadow from the site of our new superstore .

The Life itself looks remarkably like a version of the Passion of the Byzantine `` megalomartyr `` Menignos , relocated in Dijon , and the whole Benignus dossier is probably best interpreted as the response of a bishop to a non-Christian cult which he had not been able to stamp out .
the life itself looks remarkably like a version of the passion of the byzantine `` megalomartyr `` menignos , [moved] in dijon , and the whole benignus dossier is probably best interpreted as the response of a bishop to a non-christian cult which he had not been able to stamp out .

They may like the idea of the trading name being adopted by a larger group but may be reluctant to see their business relocated or asset stripped .
they may like the idea of the trading name being adopted by a larger group but may be reluctant to see their business [moved] or asset stripped .

There has been little pattern in the movements of the 23,000 miners who were ‘ relocated ’ from mines throughout the country .
there has been little pattern in the movements of the 23,000 miners who were ‘ [moved] ’ from mines throughout the country .

For example , in the past three years 8,610 posts have been relocated to the assisted areas and 18,700 posts to the urban programme areas .
for example , in the past three years 8,610 posts have been [moved] to the assisted areas and 18,700 posts to the urban programme areas .

Does my hon. Friend agree that those figures reflect a sharp improvement in this country over the past few years and scope for some of our Community partners to do more to encourage unleaded petrol sales ? Does my hon. Friend expect that unleaded petrol sales in Scotland would improve if the petroleum engineering directorate were relocated to Aberdeen ?
does my hon. friend agree that those figures reflect a sharp improvement in this country over the past few years and scope for some of our community partners to do more to encourage unleaded petrol sales ? does my hon. friend expect that unleaded petrol sales in scotland would improve if the petroleum engineering directorate were [moved] to aberdeen ?

Also , many subjects were relocated and the index was drastically pruned .
also , many subjects were [moved] and the index was drastically pruned .

employees who require to be relocated permanently or temporarily to new work locations .
employees who require to be [moved] permanently or temporarily to new work locations .

The year saw the enhanced Luton Depot begin to operate properly with its normal workload , but also supporting the Special Plant and Electrical Installation Departments which had also relocated from their previous Southall base .
the year saw the enhanced luton depot begin to operate properly with its normal workload , but also supporting the special plant and electrical installation departments which had also [moved] from their previous southall base .

Mark Wimshurst relocated to Singapore in January to strengthen local management in keeping with our strategy for expansion in this region .
mark wimshurst [moved] to singapore in january to strengthen local management in keeping with our strategy for expansion in this region .

The Canadian Human Rights Commission released a report on Jan. 15 which concluded that the rights of a group of native Inuit had been violated when they were forcibly relocated from northern Quebec to the Arctic wilderness of Cornwallis and Ellesmere Islands .
the canadian human rights commission released a report on jan. 15 which concluded that the rights of a group of native inuit had been violated when they were forcibly [moved] from northern quebec to the arctic wilderness of cornwallis and ellesmere islands .

To save industrial costs surplus labour would be relocated , predominantly to the agricultural sector ; if this was not possible people would be kept at work but on 60 per cent of their former salary .
to save industrial costs surplus labour would be [moved] , predominantly to the agricultural sector ; if this was not possible people would be kept at work but on 60 per cent of their former salary .

Foreign press reports in March claimed that over the past year up to 400,000 people from shanty towns in the outskirts of Khartoum had been forcibly relocated to areas outside the city [ for December 1991 killings of shanty-town dwellers see p. 38666 ] .
foreign press reports in march claimed that over the past year up to 400,000 people from shanty towns in the outskirts of khartoum had been forcibly [moved] to areas outside the city [ for december 1991 killings of shanty-town dwellers see p. 38666 ] .

The power-sharers , relocated in the Unionist Party of Northern Ireland , were wiped out , as was the Baird-led remnant of Vanguard .
the power-sharers , [moved] in the unionist party of northern ireland , were wiped out , as was the baird-led remnant of vanguard .

At its annual meeting , hastily relocated from the severely damaged Baltic Exchange building , Mr Nicholas Baring , chairman , said in response to a question from a shareholder that such a possibility would be looked at very carefully .
at its annual meeting , hastily [moved] from the severely damaged baltic exchange building , mr nicholas baring , chairman , said in response to a question from a shareholder that such a possibility would be looked at very carefully .

These have been driven up , first , by a labour shortage , brought about by the ending of free immigration from China in 1980 , and now by increasing emigration from Hong Kong ; and , second , by the colony 's swift move up-market as manufacturers have relocated low-wage factories to southern China , leaving higher-paid jobs in Hong Kong , where their influence has pulled up wages in what would otherwise be poorly paid jobs .
these have been driven up , first , by a labour shortage , brought about by the ending of free immigration from china in 1980 , and now by increasing emigration from hong kong ; and , second , by the colony 's swift move up-market as manufacturers have [moved] low-wage factories to southern china , leaving higher-paid jobs in hong kong , where their influence has pulled up wages in what would otherwise be poorly paid jobs .

Existing shops and businesses , if they are to be relocated , may be offered accommodation that is smaller , less well placed or more expensive .
existing shops and businesses , if they are to be [moved] , may be offered accommodation that is smaller , less well placed or more expensive .

More recently , he relocated the Schools Canteen from dingy basement to gleaming mezzanine and at the time of his death had nearly completed his greatest coup .
more recently , he [moved] the schools canteen from dingy basement to gleaming mezzanine and at the time of his death had nearly completed his greatest coup .

For example , in 1984 10 Carmelite nuns gained the support of the Archdiocese of Krakow to establish a convent just outside the walls of Auschwitz but in 1987 a number of leading Polish Catholics accepted that this was offensive to Jews and that the convent should be relocated .
for example , in 1984 10 carmelite nuns gained the support of the archdiocese of krakow to establish a convent just outside the walls of auschwitz but in 1987 a number of leading polish catholics accepted that this was offensive to jews and that the convent should be [moved] .

‘ The plant should be relocated because it 's in the wrong place , ’ Llew Smith , the local Euro-MP , told me .
‘ the plant should be [moved] because it 's in the wrong place , ’ llew smith , the local euro-mp , told me .

It is all ring roads , roundabouts and relocated offices .
it is all ring roads , roundabouts and [moved] offices .

Offices may have been relocated , but not allegiances .
offices may have been [moved] , but not allegiances .

It is all ring roads , roundabouts and relocated offices .
it is all ring roads , roundabouts and [moved] offices .

Offices may have been relocated , but not allegiances .
offices may have been [moved] , but not allegiances .

Ann Upton the returning officer for the East Hampshire constituency told the Herald on Thursday that the ballot box had been taken out of the small office and made freely accessible to voters — meanwhile our photographer discovered that it had been simply relocated in the forest .
ann upton the returning officer for the east hampshire constituency told the herald on thursday that the ballot box had been taken out of the small office and made freely accessible to voters — meanwhile our photographer discovered that it had been simply [moved] in the forest .

If your employer tells you that you can be relocated elsewhere within the business , there should be no question of dismissal if the change falls within the existing terms of your employment .
if your employer tells you that you can be [moved] elsewhere within the business , there should be no question of dismissal if the change falls within the existing terms of your employment .

Around 1928–29 this activity was relocated in the then West Paint Shop ( Shop No 3 ) .
around 1928–29 this activity was [moved] in the then west paint shop ( shop no 3 ) .

In general , these initiatives seem to have shifted jobs around rather than created new ones , as some firms have relocated to take advantage of the subsidies ( see Roger Tym and Partners , 1981 , 1982 ; Shutt , 1984 ; Erikson and Syms , 1986 ) .
in general , these initiatives seem to have shifted jobs around rather than created new ones , as some firms have [moved] to take advantage of the subsidies ( see roger tym and partners , 1981 , 1982 ; shutt , 1984 ; erikson and syms , 1986 ) .

The French president , fearful of a US-Soviet accord taking no account of Europe 's interest , orders — in consultation with the leaders of West Germany relocated in Paris — a nuclear strike on Kiev .
the french president , fearful of a us-soviet accord taking no account of europe 's interest , orders — in consultation with the leaders of west germany [moved] in paris — a nuclear strike on kiev .

The two schools later relocated to Saltersgill and are now known as the Beverley Schools for the Deaf , Middlesbrough .
the two schools later [moved] to saltersgill and are now known as the beverley schools for the deaf , middlesbrough .

Others , like the Leeds School for the Deaf and Liverpool School for the Deaf , went to open-air schools on the city outskirts , although Liverpool later relocated at Birkdale , Southport .
others , like the leeds school for the deaf and liverpool school for the deaf , went to open-air schools on the city outskirts , although liverpool later [moved] at birkdale , southport .

Real costs were incurred in redirecting jobs away from more prosperous areas , and not all of the jobs that were relocated survived periods of economic slump .
real costs were incurred in redirecting jobs away from more prosperous areas , and not all of the jobs that were [moved] survived periods of economic slump .

For repeated easy dislocation of joints after they have been relocated .
for repeated easy dislocation of joints after they have been [moved] .

Young men who relocated and settled in Los Angeles , even for short periods of time , upon returning home to the small towns of the Southwest , would spread the pachuco beliefs and jargon to their communities .
young men who [moved] and settled in los angeles , even for short periods of time , upon returning home to the small towns of the southwest , would spread the pachuco beliefs and jargon to their communities .

The Royal Observatory was relocated to Blackford Hill , farther south , in 1895 .
the royal observatory was [moved] to blackford hill , farther south , in 1895 .

In the southwest corner of the archipelago El Hierro was , at one time , considered to be the end of the known world and for that reason it was used as the zero meridian , which has long since relocated to Greenwich .
in the southwest corner of the archipelago el hierro was , at one time , considered to be the end of the known world and for that reason it was used as the zero meridian , which has long since [moved] to greenwich .

However , in recent years , institutions such as the Gemäldegalerie have been relocated .
however , in recent years , institutions such as the gemäldegalerie have been [moved] .

This landscape is no accident or happy coincidence but a living museum created in 1960 , which has brought together a number of farmhouses , windmills , dairies , and barns — real agricultural buildings which would have been demolished had they not been relocated here .
this landscape is no accident or happy coincidence but a living museum created in 1960 , which has brought together a number of farmhouses , windmills , dairies , and barns — real agricultural buildings which would have been demolished had they not been [moved] here .

Until 1943 , most of this section was covered by a clutter of old houses , which were dismantled and relocated to restore the walls and old mansions to view .
until 1943 , most of this section was covered by a clutter of old houses , which were dismantled and [moved] to restore the walls and old mansions to view .

In cases where space for this ductwork was extremely limited , the air preheater was relocated .
in cases where space for this ductwork was extremely limited , the air preheater was [moved] .

Aulaqi left San Diego in mid-2000 , and by early 2001 had relocated to Virginia .
aulaqi left san diego in mid-2000 , and by early 2001 had [moved] to virginia .

In Iran , KSM rejoined his family and arranged to move them to Karachi ; he claims to have relocated by January 1997 .
in iran , ksm rejoined his family and arranged to move them to karachi ; he claims to have [moved] by january 1997 .

Just how and when the three of them first met remains unclear , although they seemed to know each other already when Shehhi relocated to Hamburg in early 1998 .
just how and when the three of them first met remains unclear , although they seemed to know each other already when shehhi [moved] to hamburg in early 1998 .

The Pediatric Dentistry Clinic at the School is scheduled to be relocated later this year .
the pediatric dentistry clinic at the school is scheduled to be [moved] later this year .

The controversy re-emerged this summer with a book written by a Wessi woman , relocated to the east , who is very critical of her Ossi neighbors .
the controversy re-emerged this summer with a book written by a wessi woman , [moved] to the east , who is very critical of her ossi neighbors .

I 'm a native New Yorker who relocated to Greenville , S.C. , 10 years ago .
i 'm a native new yorker who [moved] to greenville , s.c. , 10 years ago .

I accepted a new job a couple of months ago and relocated to another city , which is away from my grown children .
i accepted a new job a couple of months ago and [moved] to another city , which is away from my grown children .

Wang Shuo , China 's most popular novelist , is profiled : The satirist just relocated to the United States because the Chinese government banned his works .
wang shuo , china 's most popular novelist , is profiled : the satirist just [moved] to the united states because the chinese government banned his works .

The only bright spots : 1 ) Reconstruction will create hundreds of jobs ; and 2 ) urban overpopulation will be reduced as refugees are relocated to rural areas .
the only bright spots : 1 ) reconstruction will create hundreds of jobs ; and 2 ) urban overpopulation will be reduced as refugees are [moved] to rural areas .

His troops razed hundreds of Kurdish villages , massacred thousands of Kurdish fighters and civilians , and forcibly relocated many more to southern Iraq .
his troops razed hundreds of kurdish villages , massacred thousands of kurdish fighters and civilians , and forcibly [moved] many more to southern iraq .

Thousands of Californians have relocated to Washington and Oregon for personal or job-related reasons , and many , many Washingtonians and Oregonians do not like it at all .
thousands of californians have [moved] to washington and oregon for personal or job-related reasons , and many , many washingtonians and oregonians do not like it at all .

