In order to comply and to clear debts following the Robert Maxwell scandal , the club says it has no option but to relocate .
in order to comply and to clear debts following the robert maxwell scandal , the club says it has no option but to [move] .

Some of the workers in Glasgow , he said , had already decided to relocate to the Midlands to take up the offer of employment there .
some of the workers in glasgow , he said , had already decided to [move] to the midlands to take up the offer of employment there .

That would be big enough to relocate the Scottish Office from New St Andrew 's House , or for a headquarters for an international company , he said .
that would be big enough to [move] the scottish office from new st andrew 's house , or for a headquarters for an international company , he said .

Because many of the key officials are settled in the Glasgow area , the Government has resisted pressures to relocate the office again — perhaps to Aberdeen where many of the oil-related firms are based , or even back to London which is a centre for international oil operations .
because many of the key officials are settled in the glasgow area , the government has resisted pressures to [move] the office again — perhaps to aberdeen where many of the oil-related firms are based , or even back to london which is a centre for international oil operations .

Last year the company appeared to be overcoming the sector 's worst problems after the £58 million sale of its interest in Aberdeen 's Bon Accord Centre to Land Securities and the £31 million decision by Coca-Cola to relocate its headquarters to the group 's Centre West building in west London .
last year the company appeared to be overcoming the sector 's worst problems after the £58 million sale of its interest in aberdeen 's bon accord centre to land securities and the £31 million decision by coca-cola to [move] its headquarters to the group 's centre west building in west london .

We shall go on backing business in the region and encouraging companies to relocate here .
we shall go on backing business in the region and encouraging companies to [move] here .

‘ We therefore expect widespread interest from a variety of types of companies looking to relocate in a town with the high quality of life Southport has to offer particularly to the golf enthusiast . ’
‘ we therefore expect widespread interest from a variety of types of companies looking to [move] in a town with the high quality of life southport has to offer particularly to the golf enthusiast . ’

‘ We will try to relocate the various activities as close to the town centre as possible , ’ he said .
‘ we will try to [move] the various activities as close to the town centre as possible , ’ he said .

It could become home for fifteen hundred naval and industrial shipping experts , plus administrative staff under plans by the society to relocate from London and Croydon .
it could become home for fifteen hundred naval and industrial shipping experts , plus administrative staff under plans by the society to [move] from london and croydon .

The plant was taken over just two months ago , and now the new owners have decided to relocate in the Midlands .
the plant was taken over just two months ago , and now the new owners have decided to [move] in the midlands .

Brunner Mond says it will help those affected find alternative employment , and has set up a team specially to help people relocate .
brunner mond says it will help those affected find alternative employment , and has set up a team specially to help people [move] .

This is usually a result of family and marriage ties and so an employer might expect young unattached female staff to be more willing to relocate than married women .
this is usually a result of family and marriage ties and so an employer might expect young unattached female staff to be more willing to [move] than married women .

Owner occupiers were more likely to relocate but the most likely were those in rented accommodation from private landlords or those living rent free .
owner occupiers were more likely to [move] but the most likely were those in rented accommodation from private landlords or those living rent free .

Employees are unlikely to decide whether or not to move with their firm if they do not know when the move is taking place ; where the company is moving to ; who is affected ; what are the financial inducements to relocate ( if any ) ; what are the redundancy terms for those eligible for them who stay behind ; what are the medium and long-term prospects of the job in the new location ; and many other points of concern .
employees are unlikely to decide whether or not to move with their firm if they do not know when the move is taking place ; where the company is moving to ; who is affected ; what are the financial inducements to [move] ( if any ) ; what are the redundancy terms for those eligible for them who stay behind ; what are the medium and long-term prospects of the job in the new location ; and many other points of concern .

The number of staff who choose to relocate with their firm depends , to a great extent , on how they are informed of the move and provided with information on the new location .
the number of staff who choose to [move] with their firm depends , to a great extent , on how they are informed of the move and provided with information on the new location .

Employees are bound to be concerned about their future prospects should they decide to relocate .
employees are bound to be concerned about their future prospects should they decide to [move] .

Organisations may choose to relocate to a new area for a variety of reasons .
organisations may choose to [move] to a new area for a variety of reasons .

Or if a firm 's lease is due for renewal or the rent is due for review , this may prompt a firm to relocate .
or if a firm 's lease is due for renewal or the rent is due for review , this may prompt a firm to [move] .

Firms may also decide to relocate because their existing locations are no longer convenient for clients , customers , suppliers and sales outlets .
firms may also decide to [move] because their existing locations are no longer convenient for clients , customers , suppliers and sales outlets .

Before taking any decision to relocate , organisations should consider carefully whether relocation is the answer to their problems .
before taking any decision to [move] , organisations should consider carefully whether relocation is the answer to their problems .

This might dispose of the need to relocate .
this might dispose of the need to [move] .

And , if the organisation plans to relocate to areas in anticipation of new services being built , such as road links or new housing , timing is important .
and , if the organisation plans to [move] to areas in anticipation of new services being built , such as road links or new housing , timing is important .

It can either refuse to comment on the possibility of a move until some concrete decisions have been taken as to where the company will relocate to and when the move will occur or it can adopt a more open style and keep the staff or union representatives in the picture about developments taking place within the relocation programme .
it can either refuse to comment on the possibility of a move until some concrete decisions have been taken as to where the company will [move] to and when the move will occur or it can adopt a more open style and keep the staff or union representatives in the picture about developments taking place within the relocation programme .

Either way , some employees may look for other jobs to avoid being made redundant or having to relocate .
either way , some employees may look for other jobs to avoid being made redundant or having to [move] .

Redundancy faces those staff who choose not to relocate or who are ineligible for relocation assistance and will not move without it .
redundancy faces those staff who choose not to [move] or who are ineligible for relocation assistance and will not move without it .

It is important to strike a balance so that the employees required by the company in the new area actually do choose to relocate and those which can be replaced easily stay behind .
it is important to strike a balance so that the employees required by the company in the new area actually do choose to [move] and those which can be replaced easily stay behind .

Some firms are very flexible on this issue and where possible , allow them to relocate at a later date .
some firms are very flexible on this issue and where possible , allow them to [move] at a later date .

However , the two dozen or so people in these departments who did relocate had sufficient skills and experience to provide training for newcomers as the business gradually transferred .
however , the two dozen or so people in these departments who did [move] had sufficient skills and experience to provide training for newcomers as the business gradually transferred .

But to maintain its market position as a leading systems and software house , it would need to persuade about 70 per cent of its key employees in the north London locations to relocate with the company .
but to maintain its market position as a leading systems and software house , it would need to persuade about 70 per cent of its key employees in the north london locations to [move] with the company .

During the period 1977 to 1980 two professional management consultancy organisations were appointed to carry out studies of suitable areas where the company might relocate .
during the period 1977 to 1980 two professional management consultancy organisations were appointed to carry out studies of suitable areas where the company might [move] .

North Merseyside was dismissed immediately as existing staff would be unlikely to wish to relocate to the area and it was felt such a location would not serve to enhance the company 's recruitment image .
north merseyside was dismissed immediately as existing staff would be unlikely to wish to [move] to the area and it was felt such a location would not serve to enhance the company 's recruitment image .

The company 's policy with regard to the Orpington staff was to relocate the homes of entitled categories and discourage people from commuting .
the company 's policy with regard to the orpington staff was to [move] the homes of entitled categories and discourage people from commuting .

Non-entitled categories were declared redundant unless they wished to relocate their homes to the Stevenage area at their own expense .
non-entitled categories were declared redundant unless they wished to [move] their homes to the stevenage area at their own expense .

( This applied to existing employees — new recruits asked to relocate received only one month 's salary as a disturbance allowance . )
( this applied to existing employees — new recruits asked to [move] received only one month 's salary as a disturbance allowance . )

About half a dozen employees decided not to relocate their homes immediately at the time of the company 's move south , but to relocate in the following year .
about half a dozen employees decided not to [move] their homes immediately at the time of the company 's move south , but to [move] in the following year .

When employees are asked , as in this case , to relocate as part of an office move they also receive £1500 paid through the payroll ( and hence subject to tax ) as a compensatory disturbance payment .
when employees are asked , as in this case , to [move] as part of an office move they also receive £1500 paid through the payroll ( and hence subject to tax ) as a compensatory disturbance payment .

Many of the support staff , especially clerical workers , found other jobs in London and many of the company 's married women employees opted to take redundancy rather than relocate as their husband 's employment was in the London area .
many of the support staff , especially clerical workers , found other jobs in london and many of the company 's married women employees opted to take redundancy rather than [move] as their husband 's employment was in the london area .

Sun Life did not know before the move how many employees would choose to relocate from London to Bristol although , at the end of the exercise ( which was phased to ease potential business problems ) , 500 staff moved with the company .
sun life did not know before the move how many employees would choose to [move] from london to bristol although , at the end of the exercise ( which was phased to ease potential business problems ) , 500 staff moved with the company .

Staff were asked at this time to complete a form indicating whether or not they wished to relocate .
staff were asked at this time to complete a form indicating whether or not they wished to [move] .

Forty staff chose to relocate to the Bristol area and continued their employment with Sun Life in the head office .
forty staff chose to [move] to the bristol area and continued their employment with sun life in the head office .

Many firms do not know how much it costs to relocate staff .
many firms do not know how much it costs to [move] staff .

The study found that companies in the food and drink sector were particularly active in helping new recruits relocate with the banks and financial institutions somewhat less likely to assist their new employees .
the study found that companies in the food and drink sector were particularly active in helping new recruits [move] with the banks and financial institutions somewhat less likely to assist their new employees .

On the other hand , if there is no express or implied contractual right ( see below ) to relocate employees , employers can not simply go ahead and relocate their work-force unless they obtain each employee 's consent to the change in his or her place of work .
on the other hand , if there is no express or implied contractual right ( see below ) to [move] employees , employers can not simply go ahead and [move] their work-force unless they obtain each employee 's consent to the change in his or her place of work .

There is usually little difficulty in establishing a good business reason , since without it it is highly unlikely that a company would wish to relocate .
there is usually little difficulty in establishing a good business reason , since without it it is highly unlikely that a company would wish to [move] .

If an expatriate , rather than a local employee is really needed , the organisation has to consider whether to relocate an existing employee or recruit specifically to fill the post .
if an expatriate , rather than a local employee is really needed , the organisation has to consider whether to [move] an existing employee or recruit specifically to fill the post .

The employee may appear eminently suitable for a particular post but if his wife is unwilling to relocate abroad and only agrees to do so grudgingly , this is bound to mar the employee 's likelihood of completing the assignment .
the employee may appear eminently suitable for a particular post but if his wife is unwilling to [move] abroad and only agrees to do so grudgingly , this is bound to mar the employee 's likelihood of completing the assignment .

If the European Convention on Human Rights is incorporated into our law , political power will relocate itself in the Royal Courts of Justice , and advocates will be deciding the law on abortion , on Sunday trading , on political and tobacco advertising , and the like .
if the european convention on human rights is incorporated into our law , political power will [move] itself in the royal courts of justice , and advocates will be deciding the law on abortion , on sunday trading , on political and tobacco advertising , and the like .

Plans to develop the market have so far required 100 businesses to relocate and changed the lives of an infinite number of people .
plans to develop the market have so far required 100 businesses to [move] and changed the lives of an infinite number of people .

If by 1945 Merleau-ponty had here already indicated the historical basis for what was to become Sartre 's project in the Critique , the theoretical problem that followed was how to unite orthodox Marxist concepts of economic determinism and historical necessity with the individualism of Sartre 's earlier work , that is the existentialist notion of the authentic self and the possibility of choosing one 's own freedom : how to relocate human practice within historical determinism , to reconcile the individual with the social , the idea of agency with that of necessity , or freedom with history ?
if by 1945 merleau-ponty had here already indicated the historical basis for what was to become sartre 's project in the critique , the theoretical problem that followed was how to unite orthodox marxist concepts of economic determinism and historical necessity with the individualism of sartre 's earlier work , that is the existentialist notion of the authentic self and the possibility of choosing one 's own freedom : how to [move] human practice within historical determinism , to reconcile the individual with the social , the idea of agency with that of necessity , or freedom with history ?

The advantage of this method is that profits are normally taxed only once ; the drawback is that firms have some leeway to relocate profits , paying inflated prices for imports from group subsidiaries in low-tax countries .
the advantage of this method is that profits are normally taxed only once ; the drawback is that firms have some leeway to [move] profits , paying inflated prices for imports from group subsidiaries in low-tax countries .

Launched with private funds in a room on the university 's campus , it has been forced to relocate on several occasions .
launched with private funds in a room on the university 's campus , it has been forced to [move] on several occasions .

Museum officials plan to make her a prominent part of their new facility when they relocate the Museum to a new off-base location on the west side of March 's main runway , adjacent to a nearby major highway .
museum officials plan to make her a prominent part of their new facility when they [move] the museum to a new off-base location on the west side of march 's main runway , adjacent to a nearby major highway .

They too failed to make any significant impact , and many struggling churches have either been forced to close or to relocate in the suburbs following the migration pattern of their members .
they too failed to make any significant impact , and many struggling churches have either been forced to close or to [move] in the suburbs following the migration pattern of their members .

Whereas Lawrence and his colleagues had suggested that patients suffering from chronic schizophrenia might have drifted away from Worcester and Kidderminster , one of the major concerns about community services in London was that such patients tended to relocate in the inner city areas of the capital .
whereas lawrence and his colleagues had suggested that patients suffering from chronic schizophrenia might have drifted away from worcester and kidderminster , one of the major concerns about community services in london was that such patients tended to [move] in the inner city areas of the capital .

For example , whether or not a company should relocate its head office , creating unemployment and inflicting wide- ranging economic and social damage on the community from which it proposes to exit , is not an issue that is resolvable by conventional regulatory techniques .
for example , whether or not a company should [move] its head office , creating unemployment and inflicting wide- ranging economic and social damage on the community from which it proposes to exit , is not an issue that is resolvable by conventional regulatory techniques .

There may still be time to persuade the authorities to relocate her rather than remove her from the wild .
there may still be time to persuade the authorities to [move] her rather than remove her from the wild .

Englishing `` involves the attempt to represent in English the content of a source poem , with a possible equivalence of some salient stylisitic features , but at the same time to relocate the work in the environment of English ( or Anglo-American ) culture and poetic tradition , with the intention , perhaps , of creating something at once old and quite new , faithful to the past yet relevant to the present .
englishing `` involves the attempt to represent in english the content of a source poem , with a possible equivalence of some salient stylisitic features , but at the same time to [move] the work in the environment of english ( or anglo-american ) culture and poetic tradition , with the intention , perhaps , of creating something at once old and quite new , faithful to the past yet relevant to the present .

An internal memorandum by the chief economist of the World Bank , Lawrence Summers , which suggests encouraging polluting industries to relocate to third world countries , has been leaked to The Economist .
an internal memorandum by the chief economist of the world bank , lawrence summers , which suggests encouraging polluting industries to [move] to third world countries , has been leaked to the economist .

‘ The company 's plan is to relocate its main offices to a five acre green field site .
‘ the company 's plan is to [move] its main offices to a five acre green field site .

Of the 16 at Stansted seven will be offered the chance to relocate , she said .
of the 16 at stansted seven will be offered the chance to [move] , she said .

It is a source of comfort to all of us that most of those not able to relocate have found good jobs .
it is a source of comfort to all of us that most of those not able to [move] have found good jobs .

We do not actually know , of course , if this effect has been good or bad ; but the tourists keep coming , potential undergraduates keep applying and companies do relocate into the area .
we do not actually know , of course , if this effect has been good or bad ; but the tourists keep coming , potential undergraduates keep applying and companies do [move] into the area .

And , perhaps more importantly , the work endeavours to relocate formal and gestural practices to one side of the traditional frame of modernist aesthetics .
and , perhaps more importantly , the work endeavours to [move] formal and gestural practices to one side of the traditional frame of modernist aesthetics .

The mill entered the in February 1991 , upon the acquisition of , following which , plans to substantially extend the site and relocate the office from Ipswich were developed .
the mill entered the in february 1991 , upon the acquisition of , following which , plans to substantially extend the site and [move] the office from ipswich were developed .

Other expansions involved Provincial Insurance , British Airways , Barclays Stockbrokers and the Criminal Injuries Compensation Board , whose decision to relocate a further 110 jobs to Glasgow virtually completes its entire transfer from London .
other expansions involved provincial insurance , british airways , barclays stockbrokers and the criminal injuries compensation board , whose decision to [move] a further 110 jobs to glasgow virtually completes its entire transfer from london .

Following negotiations with Justice Minister Mauricio Correa Lima on Nov. 10 , Guajajara Indians on the Canabrava reserve in the north-eastern state of Maranhao agreed to release 400 peasant farmers whom they were holding as hostages in return for a government pledge to remove 2,400 settlers and to relocate their village , Sao Pedro de Cacetes , off the reserve .
following negotiations with justice minister mauricio correa lima on nov. 10 , guajajara indians on the canabrava reserve in the north-eastern state of maranhao agreed to release 400 peasant farmers whom they were holding as hostages in return for a government pledge to remove 2,400 settlers and to [move] their village , sao pedro de cacetes , off the reserve .

Of course , being so intimately concerned with the notion of travel , a degree of mobility may bring more rapid promotion opportunities but unlike other organisations of a similar size , there is no pressure here to relocate — should you decline a move because you are not ready to be uprooted , you will find that your reasons are respected and your prospects unaffected .
of course , being so intimately concerned with the notion of travel , a degree of mobility may bring more rapid promotion opportunities but unlike other organisations of a similar size , there is no pressure here to [move] — should you decline a move because you are not ready to be uprooted , you will find that your reasons are respected and your prospects unaffected .

This is principally because the mouse can roll in four directions to replicate the equivalent + , — , * and / keyboard commands to zoom and relocate the graphics .
this is principally because the mouse can roll in four directions to replicate the equivalent + , — , * and / keyboard commands to zoom and [move] the graphics .

One of the problems , he said , was that staff were resisting a plan to relocate them from local offices , where they were in touch with industry , to remote district offices .
one of the problems , he said , was that staff were resisting a plan to [move] them from local offices , where they were in touch with industry , to remote district offices .

Obvious examples are travelling or living abroad , the husband having to be away for long periods , having to relocate , changing children 's schools at an awkward stage in their career , having to do a lot of company entertaining .
obvious examples are travelling or living abroad , the husband having to be away for long periods , having to [move] , changing children 's schools at an awkward stage in their career , having to do a lot of company entertaining .

The only solution is to relocate the entire town , cut out all the burning coal , fill the cavity with gravel , and then dig a trench around the perimeter of the old fire .
the only solution is to [move] the entire town , cut out all the burning coal , fill the cavity with gravel , and then dig a trench around the perimeter of the old fire .

Existing output and new production relocate , sometimes within different companies .
existing output and new production [move] , sometimes within different companies .

For many years industrial developments had required central-government approval , a mechanism designed to help employment relocate to the less prosperous regions , away from the South East and the West Midlands .
for many years industrial developments had required central-government approval , a mechanism designed to help employment [move] to the less prosperous regions , away from the south east and the west midlands .

Would existing firms relocate into the zones because of their incentives , to no overall effect ?
would existing firms [move] into the zones because of their incentives , to no overall effect ?

It deﬁnitely enabled me to relocate all of that within myself this year and even be pleasantly surprised by how each accomplishment facilitates the next one .
it deﬁnitely enabled me to [move] all of that within myself this year and even be pleasantly surprised by how each accomplishment facilitates the next one .

The other factor influencing the judge ’ s decision to relocate the trial in Denver was the politely undiscussed fact that he owned a ranch outside of Denver .
the other factor influencing the judge ’ s decision to [move] the trial in denver was the politely undiscussed fact that he owned a ranch outside of denver .

The Asian Art Museum next door exhibits over 10,000 magnificent art treasures , donated to San Francisco in 1966 by Avery Brundage ; it will relocate to the old public library building in 2001 .
the asian art museum next door exhibits over 10,000 magnificent art treasures , donated to san francisco in 1966 by avery brundage ; it will [move] to the old public library building in 2001 .

Others are focused on forcing the city to relocate residents and clean up toxic chemicals now buried under the plastic cap .
others are focused on forcing the city to [move] residents and clean up toxic chemicals now buried under the plastic cap .

Tate , who receives less than $ 600 a month from Supplemental Social Security , could not afford to pay several thousand dollars to relocate her mobile home , which was appraised at $ 2,500 .
tate , who receives less than $ 600 a month from supplemental social security , could not afford to pay several thousand dollars to [move] her mobile home , which was appraised at $ 2,500 .

While some park residents decided to move , others , including 25 families , organized an informal association to relocate or save their homes .
while some park residents decided to move , others , including 25 families , organized an informal association to [move] or save their homes .

In some cases it may be desirable to plan a brief outage in advance of the hook-up to install structural steel through sleeves placed in existing equipment , such as the ESP , or to relocate existing equipment that would otherwise interfere with erection of the SCR .
in some cases it may be desirable to plan a brief outage in advance of the hook-up to install structural steel through sleeves placed in existing equipment , such as the esp , or to [move] existing equipment that would otherwise interfere with erection of the scr .

It should not be necessary to relocate any existing boiler equipment to install an ACI system .
it should not be necessary to [move] any existing boiler equipment to install an aci system .

On the hijackers ' efforts to relocate , see Omar al Bayoumi interview ( Oct. 16-17 , 2003 ) ; Interview ( Apr .
on the hijackers ' efforts to [move] , see omar al bayoumi interview ( oct. 16-17 , 2003 ) ; interview ( apr .

NEADS controllers were simultaneously working with a tanker to relocate close to the Otis fighters .
neads controllers were simultaneously working with a tanker to [move] close to the otis fighters .

Unlike Vernon Jordan , who plans to relocate to a New York City investment bank when his friend Bill steps down , McAuliffe plans to stay active in politics and is already raising money for Hillary Clinton 's Senate bid .
unlike vernon jordan , who plans to [move] to a new york city investment bank when his friend bill steps down , mcauliffe plans to stay active in politics and is already raising money for hillary clinton 's senate bid .

The Clinton administration had specifically pledged $ 1.2 billion in aid to evacuate residents , relocate industries , and establish military facilities , the paper said .
the clinton administration had specifically pledged $ 1.2 billion in aid to evacuate residents , [move] industries , and establish military facilities , the paper said .

I do not think Easterbrook had to relocate to write that piece .
i do not think easterbrook had to [move] to write that piece .

Nearly 1 in 5 whites would relocate if blacks became their neighbors ?
nearly 1 in 5 whites would [move] if blacks became their neighbors ?

AOL is in Virginia because founder Jim Kimsey is a Washingtonian , and he resisted efforts to relocate the company to Silicon Valley .
aol is in virginia because founder jim kimsey is a washingtonian , and he resisted efforts to [move] the company to silicon valley .

Grace Metalious lived there when she was writing Peyton Place ( though her editor made her relocate her novel to New England ) and I must say from my years residing there that in the vividness of its intrigues the town lives up to its billing .
grace metalious lived there when she was writing peyton place ( though her editor made her [move] her novel to new england ) and i must say from my years residing there that in the vividness of its intrigues the town lives up to its billing .

